prosecutor: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" two magazines claim to have found a cell phone video at the crash site . "one can hear cries of 'My God' in several languages," one magazine says .
the Palestinians become the 123rd member of the international criminal court . the accession was marked by a ceremony at the Hague, where the court is based .
the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year . at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013 .
amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide . many governments are resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism . a sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 -- up more than 500 on the previous year .
researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial . they concluded that Anne and her older sister, margot, probably did not survive to March 1945 .
the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs . he admitted to hanging a rope noose from a tree near a student union early Wednesday .
televangelist and founder of "Hour of Power" dies at 88 . he had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 .
a stray pooch has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car and buried in a field . the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found . she suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity and still requires surgery .
mohammad Javad Zarif arrived in Iran on a sunny friday morning . he has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold . but there are some facts about him that are less well-known .
for the first time in eight years, a TV legend returns to doing what he does best . Bob Barker hosted "the price is right" for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 .
"that's the kind of person Trey is," says a teacher at eastern high school . "you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child," says Ellie's mom .
the former congresswoman compares president Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight . "with his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states," she writes .
the historic drought in the most populous state is hurting the rest of the union . agribusiness professor: consumers will pay more for some groceries because of the drought . fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5% and 3.5% .
the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues . some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice .
five americans were monitored for three weeks after being exposed to Ebola . one of the five has been discharged but hasn't left the area, spokesman says . they were exposed to the virus in Sierra Leone in march .
the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death . there is no criminal investigation underway, a police spokesman says . "a rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of substantial and irreparable injury or death"
john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story reported that a conservative gov. Mike Pence was mulling a 2016 run for president . he says the governor signed a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians .
tropical storm maysak is now a tropical storm . it's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province .
louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months . just a few days into his trip, a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast . "he looked good. Hadn't lost too much weight," his father says .
actor Paul Walker died in a car crash in 2013 at the age of 40 . he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the accident . there have been multiple tributes to the late actor .
the u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran . john avlon: the debate that has already begun since the announcement will likely result in more heat than light .
the late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Superbowl XXV . there's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down .
a 19-year-old man from northwest london is charged with terror offenses . he's accused of engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism .
the total lunar eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds . it's the shortest one of the century . parts of south America, India, China and Russia will be able to see the eclipse .
"if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," owner says . "dear #MemoriesPizza. No. my boycotting your business because i don't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion"
in real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months . much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of food and drinking water .
a plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year . it's not clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . officials imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the 1979 revolution .
"standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu says . he says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war" the comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the Iran nuclear deal .
a trip to a former heavyweight boxer's gaudy, abandoned mansion . a tearful reaction by one of his former students . an interview with a spiritual leader .
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith . like Christmas, it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring . here's a journey from the Vatican to the holy land to try to explain the holiday .
authorities in the western state of Maharashtra are requiring residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle . residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features' such as the coloring and age of the cow .
a woman is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS . she's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges .
the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving disaffected voices to post online . but it still brings resistance, some of it legal, others deadly . amos Yee, a teenage video blogger in Singapore, was arrested and held pending bail Sunday .
"he was not restrained at the time of the crash," spokesman says . burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup . he left the band before its third studio album in 1975 .
singer Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease . "it felt like having all your life sucked out of you," she tells People magazine . lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics .
two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured . he is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to 2013 .
the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in a fraud scandal . "it's nonsense. it's double talk," a former athletic-academic director says .
the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this . the large hadron collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown .
fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . the international committee of the red cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire .
critics say the new religious freedom restoration act discriminates against gays and lesbians . so far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law . claims under those state RFRAs are "exceedingly rare"
terrorist group al-Shabaab claims an attack on a college in eastern Kenya . the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities .
a juvenile court judge denied a motion to let the teen go home . the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . she started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days .
mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s . it's also the 10th single in the chart's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1 . newcomer Natalie la Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "Somebody"
Thai Airways unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum . the plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways and Cartoon Network Amazone .
the chilly continent recorded the temperature (15.5 degrees Celsius) on March 24 . the temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica peninsula .
the man accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert is now charged with attempted murder . he is also charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction . according to south Korean law, his trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment .
john avlon: reaching a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal . but the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, he says . he asks: why is it that the u.s. is the more eager, desperate, side in these talks?
"you're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" he tweets . junior is a wide receiver at southern Methodist university, an aspiring entrepreneur .
blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants . listeria contamination was found in a serving of blue bell products originating from that plant . the company is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility "out of abundance of caution"
a former banker, 29-year-old Briton, was charged with two counts of murder . he allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai .
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history . it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday . the film is poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date .
prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning is serving 35 years for leaking classified documents . she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to a communications firm .
john avlon: rolling stone article about a gang rape at the university of virginia was flawed . he says it's unclear whether UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or other fraternities can sue for defamation .
flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based WWE . inoki is universally known in japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present face .
the FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January . the bomb maker, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group jemaah Islamiyah .
Shibuya ward passed ordinance paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples . certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding . proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say the move is a step in the right direction .
"twin peaks" director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the show . the cult 1990s television show was set to return in 2016 .
a hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying, "F**k that (N-word)" he said his words were "in jest" and meant no disrespect to Kaminsky, who is white .
six people hurt after explosion at controversial chemical plant in china sparked a huge fire . blast occurred at an oil storage facility after an oil leak . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment .
a family of four fell ill last week at a luxury villa in the u.s. virgin islands . methyl bromide was found in the villa where the family stayed . the pesticide is not allowed to be used indoors .
john avlon: Rand Paul is trying to sell himself as a different type of republican . he says he's tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate . the problem is that he can't appeal to the community unless he has a real commitment to issues .
a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california is serious indeed . a courier service like FedEx is accused of conspiracies, transporting prescription drugs .
the "end of an era" for "Mad Men" begins sunday . the show has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit .
"Stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he tweets . "my heart legit dropped, no kidding," one twitter fan says . actor Isaiah Washington urges rock to "#Adapt" to avoid racial profiling .
mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed . Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis .
a contestant on "the price is right" accidentally revealed the correct answer . "congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car!" he exulted .
142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel were killed . the attack was the nation's deadliest since the bombing of the u.s. Embassy in 1998 .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says . the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team .
Carlos Colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury . "this was a gruesome discovery," the district attorney's office says .
"for them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo, makes me sick," Stewart says . Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year .
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season . the series never had big ratings, but has a devoted fan base .
Easter is a major point in the cycle of the religious year . it's the culmination of what is called Holy Week and its culmination on Easter Sunday .
in the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations . "purse" and "denarii" -- the Roman currency -- get half a dozen mentions each .
two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory are coming to a close . in both cases, the jury will be asked to decide if Hernandez is culpable .
aides politely tried to rush Cruz from an event in Cedar Falls to one in Cedar Rapids, Iowa . "can I pray with you real quick?" he asked a tall, burly man .
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the show at the end of this season . many fans were upset that the show could go on to a seventh season after she leaves .
china's state prosecutors charge former security czar with accepting bribes . he is also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets .
a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of a FabIndia store . four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large .
the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013 . the group was arrested at the turkey-syria border .
the performer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . the year before he released the album that catapulted him to prominence .
a nuclear submarine caught on fire at a shipyard in northwestern Russia . there is no ammunition on board . "the submarine is in a dry dock," state-run news agency reports .
45 workers are injured in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico . authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started .
french-language global television network regains control of one of its 11 channels . the network suffered what the network's director called an "extremely powerful cyberattack" the network lost control of its social media outlets and its websites .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in northern Afghanistan . most staff members and civilians have been rescued, but an exchange of fire is ongoing . two police officers and a security guard were among the dead .
jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the marathon bombing trial . 17 of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments .
a fire broke out in a Kentucky industrial park early friday morning . there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped . firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings, spraying water .
a senior administration official says a possible invasion of Mosul isn't imminent . he says it's "might be some time from now. Might be soon" in some ways, the campaign for Mosul has begun .
the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in 2010 . eight people were killed and more than 50 injured .
a tornado tore through rural iowa and touched down 70 miles outside of st. louis . one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs .
video shows officer shooting at unarmed black man eight times as he runs away . witness who recorded video says he didn't see officer grab his Taser .
police in Lucknow, northern india, have bought four pepper-spraying drones . the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray . views on the new measure are mixed .
a female employee accuses a supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her . he "grabbed her arms when she resisted" and the two tussled until he gave up . this is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal .
"L.A. Law" actor richard Dysart dies at home after a long illness . he was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years . "l.a. law" aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994 .
vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be african-american . he shaved his head of its naturally wavy black locks, trimmed his "long Indian-American eyelashes" he submitted his application to 14 schools under his childhood nickname "jojo"
don McLean's "American Pie" is 44 years old . the song is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high art rock .
"when you think you're high and mighty, you don't have to answer to nobody," he says . "i've got news for you -- everybody that played a part in sending me to death row, you will answer to God" he was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers .
"rex manning day" was celebrated on April 8, 2015 . "mean girls day" is officially October 3 . in the 1989 film "Back to the Future Part II," Marty McFly and the gang travel to October 21, 2015.
"20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple on friday . letourneau served more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship .
next year marks the band's 40th anniversary . the tour is being titled "Forty and F*ck It" "it's official: Farewell," singer Dee Snider says .
"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman, will premiere on lifetime on may 25 . the critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival . "there are two versions of the film for now, mine and his," director said .
"American Pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon . the draft that was auctioned is 16 pages of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text .
the photographer had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle .
"Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief" is based on a book by Lawrence Wright . Travolta says he has not seen the documentary, "and I don't really care to"
daughter: "i'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today" "he was struggling before, and he is a trouper," a publicist for Claudette King says .
"we are still here for a reason, and there's a bigger plan," a victim says . "i don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," says a survivor . a jury finds dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts .
impromptu satirist bi Fujian was filmed cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong . he later apologized, saying: "my personal speech has led to grave social consequences" it's unclear when the incident occurred, or what the relationsip was between the camera person and Bi .
tornado sirens blare in southwestern kansas . a tornado may have touched down in potosi, Missouri, 70 miles from st. louis .
"we're so proud," the zoo tweets . the giraffe gave birth in an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras . there was no immediate word on the newborn's condition .
the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" airs simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time . "we're going to start seeing some of the show's major story arcs coming together," writer says .
the VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba . but insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension" for the first time since the about-face, Obama and Castro would come face-to-face .
president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran . ayatollah Khamenei gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure, in return for billions of dollars .
both Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards dinner . both are facing long odds in the 2016 presidential nomination process . "it is a marathon, not a sprint," one man tells the former democrat .
a pair of police officers accompany the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott . the father of four was fatally shot in the back by a white police officer . a slow-moving procession of black cars then makes its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens .
the shootings began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident . a guard was shot at least once in the upper body, a fire spokesman says .
an unarmed Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter . the maneuver could have triggered a serious incident, a military official says . "we think this might have been locally ordered," the official tells CNN .
prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam . if convicted, barrientos faces two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument"
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media . the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago .
cnn's john sutter talks with one of the new cardinals, 57-year-old Cardinal Gerald Lacroix . lacroix says he's "in tune with the Lord" and "living with such freedom, such inner freedom"
the reclusive militant is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s . he was famously camera-shy during the Taliban's six-year rule over most of Afghanistan .
an amnesty international report examines the number of attacks on women's rights activists . the brutal murder of a young woman in Afghanistan shocked the world . for the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers .
the 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar" he has been charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .
the collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features . one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies, including the insect-like Geonosians .
julian zelizer: if she runs, she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries and general election . he says she doesn't want to end up like vice president al gore in 2000 .
"i've seen it before," the former governor of Maryland says . "the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer," he adds . he says the democratic party is full of "good leaders"
a special court convicted the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services . he was also fined $804,000, a spokesman for india's central bureau of investigation says .
Sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave to mothers and fathers . 60 of the 480 days must be "daddy months" or "partner months" if they aren't used, they are lost, reducing the maximum leave to 420 days .
judge rules thatraig Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified" the 46-year-old is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students .
season 2 of "True Detective" premieres on hbo on june 21 . the series stars Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn and Rachel McAdams .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie . there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie, and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider.
hill died early friday at age 19 . she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball last year . hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research .
a 32-year-old man will be arraigned for murder in connection with the remains . a judge revoked bail for Carlos Colina in another case he's involved in .
new: 1OAK says the stabbing occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street . a club spokesperson says the suspect "almost landed right next to" the club . the suspect is in police custody, a spokesperson says .
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director . the film is set in a decaying and decaying Detroit . without the city's crumbling edifices there would be no film .
"we regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled," airline spokeswoman says . sedway's cancer battle notwithstanding, she was in Hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . the decision to pull her from the plane was done with "the customer's well-being" in mind .
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd . the defense wraps up its witnesses in less than a day .
a 2012 small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala . the country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide .
a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst with unlawful possession of a firearm . he is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver in his hotel room last month .
the department of justice is negotiating with the city to restructure the police department . the department has charged it with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination .
a father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition . the boys and their mother were having seizures when they became ill in the u.s. a pesticide may have caused the illnesses, the epa says .
"with a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," a passenger says . the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed . he was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but was told to stay seated .
the university of virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault . a student called "Jackie" told the university about a purported gang rape in 2012 .
'Moving Day' is the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up or down the leader board . a rejuvenated Tiger Woods shows touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game .
"Star Wars" is back in our lives, thanks to this week's surprise announcement . "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best .
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day . customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49 . a garbage can is not a cup .
world war I soldiers' writings have been found under battlefields near Naours, France . the underground city, which extends for miles in some directions, was sealed up in the 18th century . it was rediscovered in the late 19th century; the battle of the Somme was fought nearby .
"i knew then that we had a fight on our hands," says her father, the Rev. Lorenzo Lynch . "i heard a lot at that hearing that I've heard since childhood," he says .
the crash took place at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway . the driver of the Lamborghini lost control of the vehicle, the highway patrol said .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun . astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone .
in 1971, a gang broke into a bank in central london and stole £30 million . in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people . many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions .
the commissioner-general will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp . the yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting since 2012 . there are reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care .
"not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says . "the tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," another tweets . the movie's makers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role .
a new york judge has approved service of divorce papers on a husband via facebook . john sutter: if you are going to sue someone, you should at least let them know about it .
the original cast of twin peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime . they have teamed up for a video backing the show's co-creator with a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign .
the technology is being handled by a Nevada-based tech company . "selena the one" will be the first to use the technology, her sister says .
95 of the ship's 2,117 passengers have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea . the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew .
five young female feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . they were detained on march 6 and 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou . their detention has drawn harsh criticism from the international community .
a judge sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker . detectives found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on his phone and computer .
a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state's coast . the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011 . inside were found specimens of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters .
"we have really big issues with the Cubans that do need to be solved," says u.s. ambassador . the two heads of state met in 2013 at Nelson Mandela's funeral .
ISIS claims it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery . by Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings .
two students at Troy university are accused of gang raping a woman on spring break . they are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators, according to the bay county sheriff's office .
"all of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane," a passenger says . a federal air marshal sprang into action as the banging continued . "i think it's scary and really unsafe, too," another passenger tells kcnn .
a hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where a police officer shot and killed a black man . the winged figure has been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . "art is really about that moment. I just couldn't take it any longer," the creator says .
a u.s. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 . the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland .
a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a park for more than four days . his mother is charged with abandoning her son and catching a bus to see her boyfriend . the man suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back .
president Barack Obama says he's "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran . comments come amid criticism from Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal . the u.s. and five other world powers struck with Iran last week .
the girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014 . they were between 16 and 18 years old . police say the militants kidnapped 276 girls in all .
police say mother of quadriplegic man left in woods for days can't be extradited . Nyia Parler, 41, will be charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and other offenses .
the law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" it allows for the procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother" opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country .
the mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia . police say she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend . a man found him "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby"
china-born, american-based Jia Jiang launched "100 days of rejection" in 2012 . he asked a Krispy Kreme manager to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the Olympic symbol . the project started out to help "fix my own problems, and now I'm helping others fix theirs"
a total of 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5 . this is the lowest weekly total since may 2014 . in liberia and Sierra Leone, the number of cases has fallen so much .
"19 kids and Counting" star Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son . the baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week . "the baby will come when the baby comes," she said .
a brood of baby ducks causing a stir on a rainy street in Washington . a man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy"
police say they are looking into whether the suspect is part of a white supremacist gang . the suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, has no previous criminal record, police say . he was arrested after being found sleeping on a beach .
former australia captain and broadcaster richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 . a veteran of 64 Test matches, he was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985 . news of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences, including from australia's pm .
the former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade . it is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish . the economic potential of music has been acknowledged by the country's prime minister .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya . in the first three months of 2015, it registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving .
new research indicates that "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier . the play was first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald . only tiny traces of theobald's signature were found .
so far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up . it has tracked supporters of al-shabaab since 2011, a spokesman says .
paddy power tweets that "newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years" the tweet alluded to recent controversial incidents in the u.s. in which unarmed African-American men have been killed by police . the tweet has since been deleted, but its removal did little to placate social media users .
asteroid 316201 named after education activist malala yousafzai . she was wounded by a gunman for promoting the right of girls' to go to school .
the fate of the five activists will be revealed by April 13, cnn's jim boulden writes . the detentions come in a year in which Beijing would have won praise for promoting women's rights .
"i'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself," she says . "this is what i've had to do so I can cope," she tells cnn .
"the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," he writes . a report found DEA agents attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels .
gloria borger: if she wins, she'll be the barometer for gender equality in the u.s. she says a win would mean a woman in the white house, but it's possible that the march will end right there . berger: she's no ordinary female presidential candidate, but she enters the arena with 23 years of accomplishments .
a video shows a white police officer gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man . lz granderson: it raises questions about how often such incidents take place without a third-party recording .
bob greene: prosecutors have offered female sterilization in plea deals four times in five years . he says sterilization is linked to "eugenics," a movement to improve human race .
emy afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900 . he has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists he is no citizen .
david frum: the verdict isn't surprising, but there could be other young men just like him . he says nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim; by 2050, that will be 1 in 3 by 2070 . frum says we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes Muslims .
apple released a new emoji lineup that includes more diversity than ever . a range of cheers and jeers have been heard about the new lineup . apple has also added a gay and lesbian couple .
officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at officer as he fled encounter with police . lz granderson: if he had been wearing a body camera, he wouldn't have been facing death .
the Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS . the map, above, shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force .
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents, the sisters relocated to canada as refugees where they discovered a passion for music .
Yarmouk is a neighborhood on the outskirts of Damascus . it was set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s, but has been engulfed in the conflict since 2012 . of the more than 100,000 that used to live there, only about 18,000 remain .
just in time for Easter, the peacock network debuts the "Bible" sequel . the full miniseries will run for 12 weeks, so consider it a spring revival . "American Odyssey" is back for a fifth season .
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is set for release in january . the vision, a member of the group, has remained a mystery .
"odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother says . his uncle thanked everyone who worked on the case against Hernandez . "to see how he grew, the respect he had, the toughest thing for me is that i won't get to see him have a child," his nephew said .
8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes . john sutter: the once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree .
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials . he is accused of killing two men and wounding another . the 25-year-old pleaded not guilty at his arraignment .
bob greene: as we mark 150th anniversary of Lincoln's death, let us remember that he belongs to the ages . he says his two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots .
the Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation is on 200 acres of land in central florida . when the center opened 20 years ago, it housed fewer than 10 elephants . "it's a family affair for our family but also for all the elephants," says Kenneth Feld .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 to keep their hopes of winning the english premier league alive . a first half goal from Aaron Ramsey secures the win for the north London club . it takes them to within four points of first placed Chelsea with two games in hand .
"orphan black" kicks off its second season on saturday . the cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on television . "turn: Washington's Spies" returns with a new subtitle .
there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards . here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it . Amy Schumer's opener was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her comedy show .
"daredevil" premiered its first season on friday . 94% of critics gave it positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes . "the series stays incredibly faithful to Daredevil's pulp roots," says one reviewer .
actress alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband that she described as a "romantic getaway" workers at the airport allegedly confiscated breast milk she'd pumped for her daughter .
Cynthia Lennon died at her home in Mallorca, Spain, following a short but brave battle with cancer . the two married in 1962, just as the Beatles were making their rise . "i was just instantly attracted to him," she said .
the first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse has been released . "amy: the girl behind the name" is set for UK release on July 3 . winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums and won six Grammys .
the case of Ray Gricar has become one of the most talked about missing persons stories in the country . investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes, dug up a grave and interviewed a psychic .
two years ago, the storied marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners, spectators and those who tried to help . just last week, convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence .
federal judge stresses importance of avoiding anything prejudicial in sentencing phase . "do not attend the Boston Marathon or any events or gatherings related to the current running of the marathon," he warns . prosecutors called 92 witnesses, the defense just four .
students stampede down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory . they believed it was a terror attack, the university says . the confusion and panic comes less than two weeks after al-shabaab killed 147 people .
robot stalled after moving about 10 meters inside one of the crippled reactors . robot set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate spread of debris .
video shows reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser . he then shoots Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun . his attorney says he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted .
tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on tins of butter cookies . "little bear cookies" as they are known across Asia are sold at a 70% mark-up yards away .
the reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery . the refinery is a key strategic resource because it refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically .
"this is a problem that is off the charts historically," Brett McGurk tells CNN . "we're in unchartered territory here," he says, referring to more than 20,000 foreign fighters .
more than 500 rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations . the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on march 26 .
amina al-qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families . they took five hours to cross the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti . "the women were violently ill," their son says .
a woman leaves her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the explosion kills five people and injures more than a dozen others, witnesses say . no one has claimed responsibility for the attack .
former army enlistee charged with trying to detonate car bomb at u.s. base . second man, also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, allegedly knew about bomb plot .
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive in a refugee camp in kurdistan . men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot -- but the militants separated the young women and girls . "they said we are going to marry you off, you will forget your family," says one woman .
"a new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari says after winning presidency . he says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria . this isn't Buhari's first time leading Nigeria, but it's his first in nearly 30 years .
"this campaign is not about Hillary Clinton and not about us," reads the memo . "we know there will be tough days, but we will bounce back and get back to work," the memo says .
over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad . the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into the capital .
a swarm of Asian carp attacked the team's boat outside of st. louis . no rowers were injured, but the strong smell of fish lingered .
the white house says it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal . but the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy .
the #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week . the challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food they eat for seven days .
"this means the world to us," says 5-year-old daughter's mother . bill will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" dubbed "haleigh's Hope Act," bill created infrastructure, registration process and research program .
"it was shocking," singer says . "thanking God for our safety and the safety of all of those who helped put this fire out"
ansar Beit al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack . a third attack on a checkpoint in Rafah left three security personnel injured .
photographer Carolina Sandretto focuses on "solares," crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate . following the 1959 revolution, houses and apartments were redistributed throughout the island and the government promised everyone would have a home .
the bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" the issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . some conservative senators balked at the more than $200 billion price of the bill .
"Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009" ring was engraved on rocks at fin's beach in Bali . when Roxy Walsh returned home, she was determined to reunite the ring with its owner . she created a "Find Joe and Jenny" page to track down the couple .
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year . under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016 .
a historic handshake between president Obama and Cuban president Raul Castro is making headlines . john avlon: this meeting offers a chance for the u.s. to reverse the tide in the region .
dozens of foreigners, including americans, have volunteered to fight to ISIS . a spokesman for a Kurdish militia fighting against them in Syria says their forces include more than 100 american citizens . some organizations have set up recruitment drives online featuring applications for foreign fighters .
chess grandmaster gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai open . officials found his smartphone in a bathroom stall . he claims the phone wasn't his, but the app was logged on to a social media network .
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online . tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #meforreal . see what others are sharing on facebook, twitter and the daily share .
a newspaper reports that some supervisors were told to forge reserve Deputy's training records . three supervisors who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the newspaper says . the sheriff's office denies the allegations in the report .
the items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition and a facebook page has resulted in the sale . "star trek" actor George Takei thanked people for working to stop the sale of items .
a judge has ordered former female companion to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts . she claims he bought her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover .
thabo sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury . he and teammate pero antic were arrested after leaving a nightclub in new york . police say they were not involved in the stabbing incident .
jurors in the first-degree murder trial of Aaron Hernandez met with reporters after the verdict . "it's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," a woman on the jury said .
the Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations . he is accused of economic spying, the post reports .
al Qaeda confirms two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January . the deaths of the two men underline the deterioration of the group's bench of leaders .
the resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, a u.n. official says . it also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence .
a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, south africa, was detained at the airport . she has been using social media platforms to interact with strange people, he says .
11 channels associated with the french-language global television network went black late Wednesday . the network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites .
former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight ordered to stand trial for murder, other charges . he collapsed in court last month after learning of the $25 million bail . the judge also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million .
"believe me," he tells NBC's "Today" show . he's accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect .
thousands of south africans take to the streets of the city of Durban to protest xenophobia . the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives .
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape . a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach . the woman recognized her tattoos and contacted authorities, police say .
it has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles . the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state .
"Furious 7" hits theaters friday . there were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category . the lack of diversity at the awards was so glaring it spurred the twitter hashtag "#OscarsSoWhite"
the blast happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader . the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, the sheriff says .
a trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later . a YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer .
a police officer and a case worker helped homeless man John Helinski . the 62-year-old's social security cards had been stolen . now he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension .
cardiologist pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, weapons charges . two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- plead not guilty . police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto's home .
"i would have killed you, you know what I'm saying," he tells a judge . "i don't give a f--- what you want," the 20-year-old suspect says .
the remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members will be exhumed this year . the hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and marines can be identified .
thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees have suffered untold indignities . but the individual lives at the heart of the camp make the imperative for humanitarian action compelling . like the wider conflict, Yarmouk has a human face; the faces of young Mohammad and young Jihad .
147 people were killed when al-shabaab militants invaded a university in garissa . the attack is the deadliest in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 at the u.s. embassy in 1998 . one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack was also a Kenyan .
the attack occurred near the U.S. Consulate in the Kurdish city of Irbil . all consulate personnel were safe and accounted for, a spokeswoman says .
a century ago, more than 1 million Armenians died at the hands of the Turks . a slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a "genocide"
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston, Texas . singer Hillary Scott of country band Lady Antebellum had to vacate her tour bus . a new book explores how social media may encourage haters to shame people .
unicef, the united nations children's fund, is delivering vital food and supplies . more than 100,000 civilians have fled their homes since fighting began . the main terminal at El Rahaba airport is under the control of the rebels .
the Minnesota Vikings say they "look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings" he will be reinstated as an active player by the league on friday . the NFL suspended the 30-year-old over allegations he disciplined his son too harshly .
a reserve deputy thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot a suspect . the suspect died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation .
"it's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," producer says . Crombie died from complications of a brain hemorrhage . he co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" movies .
the lawyer for a reserve deputy who fatally shot a man released documents . they show he had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period . he also took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun .
authorities handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use . the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9%, the ministry says .
Tomasz lazar photographed and interviewed adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s . "the more you look at them, the more you are discovering," he said .
co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525 had psychiatric issues beyond clinical depression . faa now approves certain prescribed medication, allowing pilots to continue flying .
80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed, mainly in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms . most people only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching, groping and stalking . sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life .
this week's attack on garissa university college is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half . frida ghitis: the Thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far, with 147 dead .
white will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour . the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show, with tickets priced at $3 .
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "wonder woman" movie . the movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017 .
"the big bang theory" co-creator is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation . sources say the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series .
a jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing . Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago . he told police he lured the boy into a basement as he was on his way to a bus stop .
naturalized u.s. citizen pleads not guilty to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists . he allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans, execution style .
National Park Week is happening from April 18 through April 26 . the park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #FindYourPark .
a new report estimates 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing . john avlon: the more they spend on housing, the less they have to invest in their children's education .
john avlon: conservative evangelicals and pro-business groups have allied against government . he says companies that sell goods and services to the public are learning that support for discrimination threatens bottom line .
julian zelizer: despite reports of big banks threatening to withhold campaign funds . he says the financial community has been willing to open its coffers to Democrats without much concern .
jury of media peers dissected rolling stone's disastrous story about rape on campus . john sutter: the magazine's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice .
"Late Late Show" actor Jon Cryer recreates his record-store dance to "Try a Little Tenderness" he dances in tandem with host James Corden, who tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream"
debra Lobo, 55, is shot in the right cheek and left arm and is expected to survive . police find pamphlets that assailants had thrown into her car saying "america should be burnt"
increasingly more Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting dangerous trip to the Horn of Africa . the number of dead continues to mount as fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war in Yemen .
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" tells the story of a Somali refugee who left her home at 14 . "sometimes we feel strong, sometimes we feel lost," dumig says . the number of refugees seeking asylum in the eu increased by 25% last year .
two boys in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move after falling ill in the u.s. the boys, 16 and 14, are in critical condition at a hospital in Philadelphia . a pesticide may have caused the illnesses, the epa says .
police in marana, ariz., thought the gun was locked and unable to fire . but 10 seconds later a worker told police that a shot was fired . a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree .
the 32-year-old is charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy . he was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $5,000 bail .
thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home . the vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar . they fled the assault there back in august, but not everyone escaped .
ten years ago, Maggie Doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college . she lived in a Buddhist monastery, helped rebuild a sea wall in Fiji, then went to India and worked with Nepalese refugees . "it changed me," she said. "there were children with mallets that would go into the riverbed"
"i'm in the news, sweetheart. I will (expletive) sue this place," she says in video . "that's why I have a degree and you don't," she tells employee .
"weed 3: the Marijuana Revolution" airs sunday at 9 p.m. ET/PT . "how does this affect me?" asks Dr. Sanjay Gupta . there are legitimate, long-term concerns with the developing brain .
"I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway," he wrote on facebook . "it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice," the model wrote on Instagram .
16-year-old Davion Navar Henry Only had lived his entire life in foster care . a minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them . but he got into a fight with one of his sons, and they sent him back to florida . only finally reached out to a woman who had been there for him since age 7 .
"we once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent," the government says . the attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy .
six young men ages 19 to 21 conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS . Recruiting for the terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota's community of Somali immigrants .
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a fallen tree . he then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff .
the dancer left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia . she studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first americans accepted into the company . but in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she claimed she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance .
photographer Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside a landfill in india . about 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill . "they don't look at the things they're doing as being unhealthy or unsafe," he says .
africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent . sales of high-end products have grown by a third between 2008 and 2013 . luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors .
a lawsuit alleges the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala . the suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs .
the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off for the audience . the audience gasped, cheered and applauded . "you're more than fans. you're family," mark Hamill said .
"real housewives of Beverly hills" star is accused of kicking a police officer . she was arrested at the Beverly Hills hotel on trespassing charges .
two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris have been reassigned . they are not charged with a crime, but have come under criticism for pinning his head to the ground .
chancey Allen Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting . he is not eligible for the death penalty because he was under 18 . the vehicle's driver, Michael Jones, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder .
japan's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 . locals raised concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . a court in fukui prefecture issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors .
the jailing of four blackwater security guards is a positive step for justice . john avlon: the horror represented by the case is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) he says the lack of accountability paved the way for abuses like Abu Ghraib and Blackwater . the u.s. should be a sobering reminder of the importance of good governance in the pursuit of a solution .
a new way to talk about climate change shifts focus to a very personal one . president barack obama joins surgeon general and EPA administrator for roundtable discussion .
living land & waters founder wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time . "just organize it and do it," he says .
a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man . "Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," the deputy says in a video of the shooting .
a bill would allow executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen .
doctors in florida and ariz. can still ask about guns while appeals panel decides whether to take it up . in arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad . the attack killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others .
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities . one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were arrested . in November, french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms of cocaine .
sen. john mccain says he's offended by his use of the word autism to describe autism epidemic . he says vaccines do not cause autism; they have nothing to do with each other .
a week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the refinery . the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area over the past nine days .
"we are stunned! Shocked! Wounded, broken and dismayed," church pastor says . concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing them and their 8-month-old son .
second robotic probe sent into crippled nuclear plant captures images of green glow . robot detects lower radiation levels and temperature than expected . first robot stalled after moving about 10 meters, says TEPCO .
the ban is "fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers" this bolsters previous positions to oppose the use of the term "drug" in lethal injection .
u.n. official: boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship . italian authorities say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered . boat's crew members are all from the Philippines . the boat capsized over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board .
independent channel says it didn't want to break anti-gay propaganda law . the law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors" it also bars public discussion of gay rights within earshot of children .
a car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of the capital . a woman and a boy are among the dead, police say . al-Shabaab militant group claims responsibility for the attack .
23-year-old artist Daisy Bentley began collecting keepsakes six years ago . her collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings .
the italian government announced the end of "Mare Nostrum," a naval rescue mission . without European support, the Italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants . "operation triton" has about one-third of the funding of Mare nostrum, with just six ships and patrol boats .
five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions . the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery .
north Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships . the ship, the Mu Du Bong, ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July .
a federal jury convicts dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 bombings . aaron carroll: the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall .
Heather Mack, 19, and her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, 21, were sentenced to 10 years in prison . von Wiese-Mack's lifeless body was found in a suitcase at a hotel on the island of Bali . Schaafer had claimed he killed her mother in self-defense after an argument erupted .
an Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima airport . 23 people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., fire department and ministry sources say . there were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off .
"what the f*** just happened?" he asks moments later from the stage . it all went down after Drake performed "Madonna," according to billboard .
brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the runway at Sao Paulo Fashion Week . the 34-year-old announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk .
five northern white rhinoceroses are left in the entire world. all are in captivity -- and just one is male . the u.s. is one of four countries that don't guarantee any form of paid maternity leave .
the climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell on the mountain last year . 16 Nepalis were killed in the avalanche, the single deadliest incident to ever occur on mount everest . climbing teams have not yet entered the notoriously treacherous Khumbu Icefall .
jurors must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die . "i miss her a lot," a father says of his daughter, "the light of my life"
bishop was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . he was put on two years' probation but was not forced to pay a fine . "i truly regret and am sorry for the hurt these events have caused," Finn says .
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer just got a makeover . YouTuber Bobby Burns made his own version using classic superhero footage . burns: "i wanted to contrast the old with the new"
"the american," "fresh off the boat," "Vikings," "scorpion" and "broadchurch" are all ending this week . a "surprise duet" between Christina Aguilera and Luke Bryan is set to take place .
"Fantastic Four" promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters . fans on twitter had mixed reactions to the new trailer .
the 2015 ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever . a full stadium and millions of home viewers watched, two of country's leading men lit the fuse . the 2015 acm awards brought in a record-breaking crowd .
the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony was held in a historic venue . yoko ono and ringo starr were among those honored . the event was a tribute to rock's antecedents in soul and blues .
"Avengers" director and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard is accused of stealing his idea . "the Cabin in the Woods" is a 2012 meta-horror movie . the author is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million .
new line cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie . producer: "it will be everything you hope a Christmas movie with Mariah would be"
the pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" "Legacy" was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world .
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore . he "gave up without the use of force," a police official says . "when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van, he could not talk," he adds .
the Vatican says the pope may make a stop in Cuba on his way to the u.s. this September . he played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between the two nations .
a fiery sunset greeted people in Washington on sunday . the sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia .
the fda's website will list recalled items with their product codes . if the product is within the use-by date, it should still be recalled . there's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about the recall .
a frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "test me" market . laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals who want to check their own lab values .
cyclist Wang Pingan locked up his mountain bike to check out electronics markets . within 10 minutes the thieves struck and struck . police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent Wang a photo of a bike they recovered .
a 37-year-old maid has been executed by the Saudis . she was sentenced to death in 2013 for killing her employer's child . rights groups say they suspect she was mentally ill .
australian prime minister guzzles a beer in seven seconds in a crowded bar . he was invited by rules football players to have a drink with them . some social media users belittled his drinking technique .
three arrested in the united arab emirates have been in jail since february 22 . they were found plane spotting near the airport of fujairah . no charges were filed, and the men will not face deportation .
suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month . six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says .
commando: elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa . commandos rehearsed assault on college dorm for about two-and-a-half hours, commando says . commander: commando team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them .
"His Holiness Francisco" and "Vatican Internet Service, March 2013" were engraved on the back . it also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope's personal secretary .
a polish prince challenges a populist politician to a duel in london's hyde park . he says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in britain . prince: "i would like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning with our swords"
there are nearly 5,000 "gems" scattered across the country, ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments . Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50 .
Carlsberg City will be a residential, business, sporting, cultural and educational space . the area has been home to the famous beer-maker since 1847 . prices range from just below Copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000 .
the fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained . high temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread . one school is evacuated as a precaution .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien . it began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather .
south America's atacama desert is one of the driest places on earth . photographer andres figueroa chronicles religious festivals that take place every July . "dancers of the deserts" series captures uniqueness of andean culture .
"What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28 . it will be the first new, original book by theodor geisel since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990 .
bob greene: there's no one right way to mark the anniversary of a tragic event . he says the marathon trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev taught us a lesson . greene says he was intimately involved with marathon planning .
former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton . "the liberals love them," says AP's Lisa Lerer, who was in Iowa this past week for the Clinton campaign rollout .
parents of 7-year-old victim urge justice department to end bombing case . "the defendant murdered our son, maimed our daughter, and stole part of our soul," they say . the sentencing phase begins on thursday .
the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs . the 60-year-old australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home . he could face up to seven years in prison for the charge .
frida ghitis: the u.s.-iran relationship is playing checkers on the middle east game board . she says by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all, we're only making Tehran taller . ghittingis: if we don't ensure all americans being held by Iran come out as part of the nuclear deal .
recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users are a welcome step . syringe exchange programs help curb the spread of these two blood-borne diseases . programs offer preventive health services, such as HIV testing and counseling .
"there's a link between NuvaRing and pulmonary embolisms," her father says . by the time she arrived at the hospital, Erika was in a coma, in the ICU .
a newly discovered species of glassfrog looks like the famous Muppet . scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica .
three rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping in new jersey . they were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars . the men were arrested in 2013 following an FBI sting operation .
the jury resumes deliberations in the high-profile trial on tuesday . defense lawyer: "you didn't hear it because it doesn't exist" the prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure .
best died in hospice in Hickory, north Carolina, of complications from pneumonia . "the Dukes of Hazzard" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media .
"the ISU community is reeling from the loss," an isu spokesman says . the plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis . it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft .
the statue of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has been on display since 2009 . it has elicited comparisons to a "walking dead" zombie .
al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, Kenya . it was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since 1998 . but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between Kenya and the militants .
al Qaeda fighters attack prison in coastal city of al Mukallah, freeing at least 270 prisoners . a third of the escapees have links to a terrorist organization, officials say .
thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus . the petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir . "there are less and less Jedi left on the earth," the petition says .
"Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," Frances says . "if he had lived," she says, "i would have had a dad. and that would have been an incredible experience" "it's emotional journalism. it's the closest thing to having Kurt tell his own story in his own words"
900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa . many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages .
the CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa . it wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike caused .
"it's not like him. That's just not his character," his mother tells ABC . "shots fired and the subject is down," officer Michael Slager says after the shooting . he was proficient with the nonlethal Taser, personnel records show .
about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters . the storm system brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees . four people have already been killed .
a waitress complained about prime minister John key pulling her ponytail at a cafe . the complaint was filed by an accountant described in the press as a "serial litigant" key publicly apologized to the waitress after she complained about his behavior .
Sammy Griner's dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant . his mom created a GoFundMe campaign with a goal of $75,000 . "the only way to save his life is to get a transplant," she says .
three of the teens have been released "pending further enquiries," police say . one suspect, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . the other suspect, a 19-year-old, has not yet appeared in court .
Odin Lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits . he was found dead on June 17, 2013, less than a mile from Hernandez's home in north attleboro, . Massachusetts . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .
"i have lost my cool from time to time," says cnn's john sutter . "it's not just about how a celebrity shouldn't act in public, it's how all of us should act," tweets "cit"
real estate developer Alfred Taubman died friday at the age of 91 . he helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls .
scientists say "the blob" is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific . a university of washington climate scientist says it's 1,000 miles long, 1,000 miles wide and 100 yards deep . there are two others that emerged in 2014 -- one in the Bering sea and one off the coast of southern california .
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the southatlantic ocean . the island is home to just under 270 people and only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year . a competition is being held to improve infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable .
police release video of a walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded . one man was killed, and suspect was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . four members of the family are charged with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest .
the mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago friday . some historians agree that the killings were the first genocide of the 20th century . for both groups, the issue touches as much on national identity as on historical facts .
"in lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to Shriners Hospital for Children," his obituary says . "the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016"
"i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time," she says in a video . but the enthusiastic support from the financial industry will pose a delicate balancing act . many on Wall Street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable force .
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for the Chinese grand prix in china . teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg wins by four hundredths of a second . Hamilton congratulates fellow german Sebastian Vettel who will start third .
Phnom Penh fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime 40 years ago today . about 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint . at least 1.7 million Cambodians died over the next four years .
in 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation . they must cross deserts and mountains, risk kidnap or robbery, are often cheated or left stranded . Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year .
a 24-year-old man is in custody after he calls for an ambulance at his home in paris . authorities find weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches . he claims he accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon .
this year, memorial day is for bereaved family members such as Valerie Braham . her husband, Philippe, was one of 17 people killed in the terror attacks in france in January .
Mohammed Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July . his family and others objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall . the national insurance institute of Israel will remove his name from the memorial .
penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to "Zoolander 2" the film is scheduled for release in 2016 . Stiller and Owen Wilson made a surprise appearance at Paris fashion week .
"operation Decisive Storm" ends after nearly a month of airstrikes . the Saudis want to restore the government, a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda .
Adam Gadahn was known as the american mouthpiece of al Qaeda . he converted to Islam in 1995 and left the united states for Pakistan three years later .
"dark Seoul" paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters . "it would try to delete essentially all your files... then restart the system," digital forensic expert says .
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies . the outline of their messages is starting to emerge . some of the mistakes will be more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions of voters .
the headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was tipped over this week . police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over . funeral director: vandalism is most-likely cause, not weather .
a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it . the incident has been viewed more than 1 million times on reddit .
a good Samaritan rushed his son, leo, to safety after the bomb went off . "i was completely terrified because I didn't know if i was ever going to die for my crimes," he says .
the world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse . john sutter: the ocean is a shared resource that provides for each and every one of us . by 2050, the ocean could lose its coral reefs, which have already been halved .
in its most recent incarnation, the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen . for Tehran and its regional allies, the Saudi military intervention in Yemen is in defense of a retrogressive status quo order .
a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from Libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking . over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of Italy in the last week alone .
u.s. is not doing nearly enough to address the problem of terrorism, says aaron miller . he says little of our foreign military funding goes toward this vital facet of counter extremism . miller: we need to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units .
more than 500 farmers have died since the start of this year . one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours, a cotton lobbyist group says . last year was a record year for cotton production .
the passenger received medical attention before being released . the airliner expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination .
the city known for its over-the-top mardi Gras celebrations went smoke-free . the city didn't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore .
Indonesian government orders preparations for execution of 10 inmates on death row . maid Mary Jane Veloso, australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran among those being executed . inmates had petitions for clemency denied by president in late 2014 .
five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe . comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question: "what must've happened to you in your life?"
"it was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine . he's accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . his wife, who's charged with the same crimes, turned herself in to authorities last year .
the whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) she left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin island to cross the Pacific . she visited "three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales"
"he'll be treated like a pig," a prison spokesman says . "it is a very dangerous prison that is experiencing a veritable flood of opiates," says a legal advocate . he is being processed at the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center .
"we were so in love and happy together," adrianne haslet-davis tells a federal jury . "i saw all five of my toes, but I saw a lot of blood," she says .
wei tingting, Wang man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are freed . the women will be under police surveillance for a year, their attorney says . they were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and hangzhou .
nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of our electricity . epa credits nuclear power in its models of current emissions and plan implementation . white house will celebrate earth day and promote work to fend off climate change .
in five years, the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . john avlon: obesity is becoming a national security issue .
doctors are concerned that every bite and sale delivers an unhealthy snack . high fructose corn syrup and sugar in the u.s. are largely made from genetically modified crops . there are two other more insidious and dangerous risks to consider .
a video shows a tow company employee berating and belittling a teen . "firebrittmchenry" quickly issued an apology, blaming the incident on a moment of frustration .
a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court isn't about catching criminals . john sutter: deadbeat dads are one of the most serious threats to our well-being .
john avlon: hormones are a major factor one should consider when thinking about presidential candidates . he says a woman's hormones might make her so irrational she'll start an unnecessary war .
u.s. president Barack Obama said he will engage with the middle east but preserve all his capabilities . john avlon: the doctrine provides greater clarity about the U.S. policy under the rest of his presidency .
robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . he was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to work full time jobs in the community .
john avlon: it's clear from Hillary Clinton's campaign video that she will make women central . he says she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy .
marco rubio is running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the american dream . he has been his own worst enemy on two issues: immigration reform and Cuba relations .
"this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister says . "we beg of you to reach out to the ones you love," sweeten's sister says in a statement .
in January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated . the league hired attorney Ted Wells to run the investigation . it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed .
police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a holiday weekend heist . the thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault through an elevator shaft . a former police official has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds, or 300 million dollars .
police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond . the theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen .
"Modern Family" star Sofia Vergara is suing her ex-fiance to keep the embryos from their relationship . the lawsuit lists the plaintiff as "joe doe" and the defendant as "Jane Doe"
a cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed on April 20, 2010 . 11 rig workers were killed and 4.2 million barrels of oil were released . BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself .
five suspects arrested in connection with attack at garissa university college . al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students and three security officers .
italian authorities launch a "vast anti-terrorism operation" against al Qaeda suspects . wiretaps show some suspects had contact with bin Laden before his 2011 death in Pakistan . police say some of the suspects were involved in a 2009 car bombing in pakistan .
a dress worn by Vivien leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction . it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of "gone with the wind" memorabilia on sale .
a team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2" while it runs on gasoline, the engine maximizes fuel efficiency and produces fewer emissions than normal cars . the vehicle will travel to the Netherlands in may to compete in the european leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon .
Ugandan tycoon started small with a computer shop that kept him busy at 15 . his mara Group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "Africa's youngest billionaire" in late 2013 Thakkar joined forces with former barclays bank boss -- Bob Diamond -- to start an investment fund focused on Africa .
police arrest the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party at his home in Sao Paulo . he faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of a broader probe into corruption at Petrobras .
julian zelizer: if she wins, she will add to her potential "firsts": first woman president; first secretary of state since James Buchanan . he says she'll have to negotiate several tricky and rocky paths to ensure career stays an advantage .
the president is headed to Panama for a regional summit . "look for more biographical touches when she does roll out her campaign here," says Jonathan Martin .
about 2312 inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places . authorities issue a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas . the last major eruption was 1962 .
most companies in south Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week . for foreign business travelers, using foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action is intense . drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like .
as of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV . the increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana . "this is not a Scott County problem -- this is an Indiana problem," governor says .
the u.s. leads the world in incarceration, not education, says john avlon . he says we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens .
"State of the Union" anchor will take over in June . he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent . "i couldn't be more excited about this election season," he says .
the airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa . the strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds .
the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold . the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing .
five young feminists face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . they were detained in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women's day on march 8 .
rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name, term, symbol or design to an established brand . a reframe may change how you think about a brand; a consumer may feel about it . critics may sneer, but the image it projects of her is more confident and forward-looking .
a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway . the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change .
ahmed farouq died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in January, according to the white house . he was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent .
the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring nuclear reactors back into operation . the original court ruling cited safety concerns as the reason for the injunction, a court official says .
sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression . "if it wasn't for my mother, I would have been in the streets," her daughter says . the one-time housewife dreams of owning her own business one day .
"Suicide Squad" is the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain . Jared Leto cut his hair and shaved his face for the role .
president Obama has argued with progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren on trade policy . julian zelizer: what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics .
david frum: the trial of the surviving bomber, dzhokhar tsarnaev, is underway . he says he's likely to get the harshest punishment . frum says if he can fake remorse, he should be punished for the bombing .
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture . popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story . "a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting," says Miller .
a tractor-trailer smashed into a line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident . five nursing students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah . the women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations .
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steaks, baked potatoes, side salads, rolls and shrimp cocktails in 20 minutes . the 124-pound mother of four won $5,000 for her efforts . "it's free, so I'm pretty happy about that," she said .
"it's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," lesa Strachan tells cnn . "you shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times," she says . a day earlier, Strachan announced the first-degree murder conviction in the killing of Odin Lloyd .
a senior u.s. official says the government made no effort to negotiate for Weinstein's release . the 73-year-old development expert appears to have been the only american held hostage by al Qaeda .
homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease . critics say the agency is not doing enough to regulate homeopathic remedies .
nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are African-Americans, who only make up 13% of the general population . the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws, not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties .
john avlon: we belong to different generations and political parties . he says we believe that the u.s. must lead the world on climate change .
"there was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," says a flight attendant . "you're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded," he says . three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight .
in 2011, al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage, then his family paid money to his captors . after the transfer of funds in 2012, the captors demanded prisoners be released in exchange for Weinstein . the militants also wanted the release of local militants who hailed from the Pakistani province of waziristan .
a mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria . the disease does not appear to be contagious, a health official says .
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan prajc has found the lost city of Lagunita . he has been the first to see ancient pyramids that he spotted in aerial photographs . "when we get to the site it feels like a big victory, like we've done it," he says .
this would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011 . this year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in world war II .
australia's involvement in the first world war ripped australia asunder . john sutter: war remembrance is played like it's a zero sum game .
georgio lo porto was taken captive by armed men in 2012 . he was killed by a drone strike in a border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan . his family called him "giancarlo"
"we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu says . he must form his government in less than 42 days, according to law .
"if war prevails, we shall beget a greater disorder in the Persian Gulf," she wrote . her book "Passion and Politics: the Turbulent World of the Arabs" helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans .
a magnitude-7.8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of Kathmandu . earthquakes are a fact of life in the landlocked country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 .
the FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the united states . it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational .
"she really, truly was a success story of the heart," a close friend says . "the debate seems to be shut down before it can even begin," says Sabeen Mahmud . her killing broke hearts for non-violence and progressive values across the country .
"Grey's Anatomy" actor Patrick Dempsey dies in a car crash . his wife, Dr. Meredith Grey (ellen Pompeo), is left as the show's mainstay .
former nfl tight end and now convicted murderer walked into court with bravado . he didn't look ashamed or remorseful; he never wept . "the arrogance of Aaron Hernandez," headline accused of being arrogant .
the 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is friday . most Turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide, according to a recent poll . the Turkish government maintains that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died .
Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry in her 20s . her grandmother told her that her real name was Heranus .
the 100th anniversary of the mass killings is on the eve of the anniversary . cnn's john sutter recently toured the poor landlocked country of Armenia . on the tour, she wore a red jumpsuit and placed tulips at the slate gray Armenian Genocide memorial .
african investors are bringing the best of the continent to the capital . they come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal . over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in the city . high-end auction house Sotheby's ranks the city as the second most important hub for ultra high-net-worth homes .
"i'm so proud of you, my hero," tweets daughter . "you are so brave. my beautiful Hero," she tweets . lady gaga tweets: "let's empower people like Bruce all over the world"
fifty years ago, prosecutors tried 22 former SS soldiers at Auschwitz . bob greene: the refusal of perpetrators to admit their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials .
in the west, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions . but for some communities, the group is the local governing authority . some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like Kyle Jenner's .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
protesters want to know what happened to Freddie gray, and why he died . police say they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket . an autopsy says gray died from a severe spinal cord injury .
a 14-year-old boy was arrested after encouraging an attack on an australian parade . he urged the beheading of "someone in australia," a prosecutor says . authorities have not named the person with whom the teen was communicating .
a magnitude-7.8 quake hit Nepal on saturday, killing more than 10,000 people . many of the newly homeless live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city . the epicenter of the tremor was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, where the majority of citizens reside .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8 . parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight .
92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical . 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam . "i would argue that we should move forward with the elimination of the annual physical," doctor says .
Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds sue the fda for violating their free speech rights . the suit argues that the guidelines go too far and are too vague .
a new sci-fi horror movie is going directly to YouTube . the site is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo" was uploaded .
"the Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "Aha!" moment . research suggests most of us end up suppressing inspiration in trying to conjure up inspiration .
lip plumping trend has a hashtag: #KylieJennerChallenge . it's a way to look like a member of the Kardashian clan .
"he savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent," a Time colleague writes . but he was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated . he also didn't care much for sentimental, uplifting movies that often become mainstream hits .
"avengers: age of ultron" co-stars apologize for comments they made in a junket interview . both actors apologized to fans on social media .
geoffrey Lewis was a prolific character actor . he appeared opposite Clint eastwood in "Every Which Way But Loose" he scored a golden globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on "Flo"
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix . the show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who was blinded as a child .
Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" he is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
"the Rocky Horror Picture Show" is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment . Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic . the special will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega .
102-year-old Alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and 1940s . there were motion pictures made of her, but she had never seen any of them . some filmmakers put together a video of "soundies"
"the tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason," Chase says . the way the scene is cut recalls the final bedroom scene of "2001: a space Odyssey"
an internal inquiry by the Tulsa County sheriff's office in 2009 concluded that reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment . he fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stuning him with a Taser on April 2 .
15 buffalo were shot and killed after a day on the loose in upstate new york . "snipers" from the animals' farm gunned down the buffalo from the side of the road .
the last three defendants prosecuted in the hazing death of Florida A&M drum major are convicted . a jury deliberated about 212 hours before returning guilty verdicts .
cathay Pacific forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong . one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage . he was bailed and ordered to return in may pending an investigation .
a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday on saturday . many people were too scared to go back inside any buildings . there were fears that other buildings would collapse .
buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War . it features a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM in all its glazed and gelatinous glory .
full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection," report says . full physical screening "is incapable of determining a person's motivations, attitudes and capabilities to cause harm" only two major airports in the u.s. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors .
americans on the no-fly list will now be given the opportunity to dispute their status . the new policy comes in response to a ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment .
the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign died over the weekend . willis visited the Neon Museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday .
after the new york area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday . in rural china, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .
"All the Light We Cannot See," a novel centered on the bombing of St.-Malo, France, wins the Pulitzer . it's Doerr's second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections .
"bighero 6" fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie . a frustrated mom sent an email to the company that makes the fabric . the company says boys don't want girl characters on their things .
"a Catholic reads the Bible" is week three of an ongoing series . this week, we'll discuss the story of Lot and the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah .
"Finding Jesus" viewers asked questions about the character of Mary Magdalene . a copy of the Gospel of Mary comes from the second century, but it's missing several pages . there are two other fragments of the gospel, both in Greek and dating from the third century .
"we are very appreciative of Burger King and can't thank them enough," says the couple . "we were shocked (and still are)," says Joel Burger, now 24 .
vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school . he says it opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action . "i shaved my head, trimmed my long Indian eyelashes," he writes .
the overturned car was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a new jersey roadway . not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, the officers scrambled to save her . they cut the seat belt from her, then dragged the woman's limp body away from the crash .
this week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide . it's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity .
the 2-degree threshold is the "north star" for climate negotiations . it's so important that it will be the subject of my reporting for the rest of the year . you can vote on the first story i'll report for the series until 5 p.m. ET Monday .
john avlon: is America a nation divided? and has Ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions? he says Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues . the state has one of the nation's strongest state budgets and nearly $2 billion surplus .
timothy stanley: it's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician . he says she's doing a great job of getting people to know the "real" her .
a new poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve same-sex couples . 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . that's a shift from a poll conducted last fall .
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice . "there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification," attorney general's office says . the ten also include two australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .
two of the best actresses on television are back on "the big ban theory" "saturday night live" is the host, the day after her new blockbuster "Avengers" movie opens nationwide .
"my first bow kill, lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through its head," she wrote . "like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome!" she wrote in a facebook post .
five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been rescued . more than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race .
aftershocks send snow and rocks thundering down mountainside, complicating rescue efforts . climber: "we were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better"
cheapest tickets for the fight are priced at $1,500 but some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 . referee Kenny Bayless will take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the MGM grand .
two males have been charged in the beating of a man on a light rail train . the beating may have been sparked by a question about the shooting of michael brown .
there was an aftershock this afternoon, so they were checking the runway for damage . there were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours, and no one wants to go inside . temporary shelters have been put up, but very few by the government .
a pregnant woman in her 20s was injured in a hit-and-run accident in new mexico . police have reached out to the 27-year-old's lawyer .
in rural china, strippers are invited to perform at funerals to attract more mourners . "i felt something wasn't right," one attendee says . china's ministry of culture says stripteases undermine cultural value of entertainment business .
defense attorney: "there is no evening of the scales. there is no point of trying to hurt him as he hurt because it can't be done" "we are asking you to punish Jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," he tells jurors .
for 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti . for those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life .
"there are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," his wife says . gunmen abducted Weinstein in 2011 from his home in lahore, parkistan .
a ship carrying 550 people capsizes in the Mediterranean, a rescue group says . the italian coast guard says it has not yet found evidence of a capsized boat .
a 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Nepal less than 48 hours ago . the death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably . people are desperate to make it out to their stricken families, and discover their fate .
twelve people were killed and 70 were injured when a gunman opened fire on the audience . on monday, shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder .
no one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made . police were called to a parking lot in Atlanta's Buckhead neighborhood .
india delivers 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine . on Sunday alone, india delivered 187 tonnes of supplies . india's prime minister has made a special effort over Nepal .
Freddie gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest . but a handful of people repeated the family's message . the messengers were a finger in a dam that quickly crumbled .
a mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the riots has become a sensation online . the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head . she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!"
"enough was enough," says Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor . he says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues .
an off-duty member of the uniformed division of the secret service is arrested . he is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor .
up to 200 people are feared missing after a landslide in a popular trekking area . more than a dozen funeral pyres burn in the capital city of shattered temples and toppled houses . "we never imagined this would happen to us," one mourner says .
the main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks . it's only 30 kilometers (20 miles) east of the capital but the journey takes almost two hours . 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable .
none of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps has been identified so far . a high-ranking army official did not rule out that captives from other camps might be girls abducted in April 2014 from a school in Chibok .
the Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series . the team kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the crowded streets . they found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble .
south Korea's prime minister offered to resign on Monday . he will stay in his official role until president park geun-hye accepts his resignation .
journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy started asking personal questions about downey . "i'm sorry," says Downey, "what are we doing?" he replies, "bye!" and stands up to leave .
sonit Awal was at home when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through the country . his father had lost all hope of finding his son alive until he heard faint cries from below . on Sunday morning, the soldiers returned and lifted sonit clear of the fallen rocks .
the big stakes of 2016 filled our Sunday morning trip around the "Inside Politics" table . few think vice president Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the democratic nomination . Ohio Gov. John Kasich thinks he is the most qualified among the potential Republican 2016 prospects .
10 people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai . the assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides .
residents of Melamchi, central Nepal, are happy to see an Indian air force helicopter . the mission is only the third of its kind to reach the village since the 7.8-magnitude quake . 1,376 people were killed in Sindhupalchok district when the earthquake hit .
a majority of the missing are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents . a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the disaster . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries .
the executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran early Wednesday morning will be a different story . the australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside .
many australians appalled by the brutal executions of two people in Indonesia . nina dos santos: the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times . she says it raises more general questions about the powers we give to states .
mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake seemed reluctant to hand over the report on Freddie Gray's death . she said she didn't want to "seek justice for optics" and said she had spoken to schools, clergy and community leaders .
a man and a woman were arrested in the town of Oberursel, west of Frankfurt . police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition, a gun and hydrogen peroxide .
a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a multistory residential building . pemba Tamang, who was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace, shows no signs of serious injury . a u.s. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three americans, by helicopter .
prosecutors in the hardscrabble town have the "toughest job in America," she says . a 10 p.m. citywide curfew was put into effect two days ago . supporters of the former insurance company lawyer express confidence in Mosby .
"my only wish is to set the record straight about the past. Before I die," she says . she was a 14-year-old girl when the Japanese came to her village in Korea . instead of going to a sewing factory, she ended up in Japanese military brothels .
the walkout occurred on the set of "the Ridiculous Six" the script called for native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra"
the head of the japanese government is scheduled to speak to a joint meeting of congress . abe arrives at an opportune time to help along the economic centerpiece of the "pivot," the trans-Pacific Partnership .
a group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman . they are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan . the rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan president, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
"if this fight happens, you're going to be sitting there," says les moonves' waiter . "i said, 'Listen, I can help you make this fight happen,'" says Freddie Roach's son . Moonves says he's not a boxing fan, but he has a love of boxing .
judge says he's not "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given to three educators . judge: "when a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong" attorney for one of the defendants questions the judge's rationale .
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past" "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release .
blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis metropolitan police department . IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics" the new color will make command-level staff immediately identifiable .
a wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days . some blame alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king . others blame labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in march .
photographer Laurence Rasti flew from Geneva to denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran . she hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen"
"Avengers" character is a master with the bow and arrow . "Listen I've got powers too," he crooned to a reworked version of "Thinking out loud"
former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder, other charges . he is accused of running over two men during an argument in a parking lot in Compton .
past Tony winner and three-time nominee Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees . Bruce willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" the awards are set to be handed out in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cnn .
jared leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" the movie is based on the DC Comics series and also stars will Smith, margot robbie and Viola Davis .
uber private rapper/entrepreneur Jay Z defends his new music streaming service, Tidal . using the hashtag #TidalFacts, he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor Spotify .
the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017 . the third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018 . Niall Leonard, who is married and has two sons with the author, is an author himself .
"the people I find most beautiful are the ones who aren't trying," she tells People . she joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor . "Great choice! Gorgeous, talented, over 50 and FABULOUS!" wrote one fan .
Stephen Hawking has teamed with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" the 7-inch single will be available for sale on Saturday's Record Store Day .
the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday . a jury was sent home on tuesday because a juror was sick .
as the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation . girls' names are causing the biggest stir, as there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess .
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess . there have been 34 Kings and only six Queens over the course of the British monarchy's thousand-year history .
the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders . the militia's mission is to protect the country's Islamic order .
"keeping up with the Kardashians" star says he has the "soul of a female" in a two-hour special . "that takes tremendous courage," actress Linda Thompson says . the two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament .
john avlon: bernie Sanders, a friend of many years, is running for president . he says he's a progressive, holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent .
acquittal of four police officers in beating death of motorcyclist Arthur McDuffie is 35 years old . cnn's john sutter recalls riots in the 1960s before the assassination of the rev. martin luther king .
at the state and local level, liberals have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives . states such as Vermont, Oregon, and Washington have taken the lead in adopting eco-friendly policies .
a high wall surrounding a monastery had collapsed and the nuns had run to a nearby field . a mud-and-brick cottage had fallen on a blue motorbike but no trace of its rider . everywhere, survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields, private compounds .
photographer Fabien le coq captures landscapes from the bottom looking up . each image represents different feelings at different points in time .
domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists . the FBI is often successful, but sometimes, the suspects get away . in 1981, an alleged member of the May 19th Communist Organization was arrested .
mui Thomas suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection . she can't sweat but she can shed tears . her struggle to come to terms with her condition has, at times, left her on the brink of suicide .
hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak . the town had recently been freed from the terror group in a joint military operation .
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April in which a number of people lost their lives .
"the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side," haftar says . the eu is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats .
a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentina tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing . the case became of high interest after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January .
in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . this month the city launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You" u.s. rep. Robert "Beto" O'Rourke of Texas was one of those on a leg of the tour .
abe's historic address to a joint session of the u.s. congress is the first ever by a japanese pm . abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous .
the spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the earth's atmosphere . the Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7 .
the British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior . 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operate more than 50 ships and submarines . NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary .
the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights . four militants crossed into the area from Syria . three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reports .
Jean Nidetch was a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry . she officially launched Weight Watchers in 1963 and took it public five years later .
5-year-old fawn-colored doberman pincher ate three timepieces . her owners describe her as "more goofy than scary" a veterinarian removed about a pound of jewelry from her belly .
the 92-year-old model died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut . "Rosie the Riveter" is often confused with another popular image from the same era .
the average person throws away a ton of trash a year . Anamarie Shreeves created a 32-ounce mason jar full of waste . "i got them their first recycling bin," she says .
see if you can figure out Cheryl's birthday, the Singapore logic problem that's got the Internet twisted into knots . the problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to facebook .
"whatever they were, whatever they were was good enough," says photographer Kate Parker . "i want to capture them before they lose that sense of 'I'm here'," she says .
a split at the appellate level helped propel the issue to the nation's highest court . a vote in favor of same-sex marriage in the case would be a huge disappointment for conservatives .
a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today . it's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 . the entire subcontinent of india is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal .
"good times" star Ben Powers dies at 64 . he played the football player's husband on the show's final season .
"Secret Garden: an inky treasure hunt & coloring book" is at no. 3 on amazon . "the Mindfulness Colouring Book: Anti-stress Art Therapy for Busy People" by Emma Farrarons is no. 8 on amazon UK .
heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 . largely due to rising rates among women, study finds . in 2012, 8 percent of americans were considered heavy drinkers .
a 17-year-old teen was ordered into custody of the state in december . she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she didn't want to be treated . now that her treatment is complete, the temporary order of custody ends .
the focus on the functional movement required to execute the perfect swing is shifting . yoga-based moves train internal hip rotation; stabilizes and lengthens lower back muscles; stretches upper back and shoulders; encourages ankle mobility . if you have a low back or hip problem, try these three moves .
the actress said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma . she said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines . the study found that it also blunted joy -- in other words, it narrowed the range of feelings experienced .
the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma . the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some at higher risk in their 40s .
the state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco . the bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in 2016 .
as of friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV in rural Indiana . this is a huge number for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people .
the latest outbreak of bird flu is not a likely threat to humans, the CDC says . but as with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing for the worst just in case .
many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps . others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops. worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan temple .
"are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today?" asked a visitor . a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found in a plowed field . it's the 122nd diamond found at the park this year .
"the migration of the negro" is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-World War II blacks . some people blame president Barack Obama for racial tension in america as if the march on washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality .
north's enigmatic ruler expected to be in Moscow for 70th anniversary of end of wwii . but this week, Russia announced that the trip had been canceled . what could have changed Kim's mind?
"Flower Man" is a series of portraits that cast light upon the people behind the petals . when hermann was in Kolkata, he went to the market as a tourist .
the reigning world champion wins his 35th grand prix in china . his teammate Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly . the british driver won the race for the first time this season . he is just 13 points behind Hamilton in the world championship .
"i will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal," professor tells students . "the class of graduating seniors is nothing more than a circus that is nothing but academic," he writes .
a growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce . robots are appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels . "Pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers .
Mitchell was found unconscious in her home a month ago . she remains at the hospital, according to Leslie Morris' court petition . Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years .
actor richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, california . he won a Drama Desk award for playing coach in "that championship season" he appeared in every episode of "l.a. law" from 1986 to 1994 .
the as yet untitled eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26 . "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" fans often got to see the sometimes strained relationship between Bruce and his wife .
the term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's" The Purge: Anarchy" in the movies, people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent "purgers" roam the streets .
despite numerous landslides, the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected . one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas . the hospital campus is simply not big enough to handle such calamity .
frida ghitis: president obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century . she says the president and his national security advisers have a dangerous habit of viewing the world as it is . the body count will continue to grow in places where these groups can generate buy-in, she says .
tanka maya sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor . "i heard people making noise outside so I thought I would be rescued," she says . her husband says he called out for help for hours after the quake .
Freddie gray was arrested without incident on the morning of April 12 . less than an hour later, officers transporting him called for a medic . he subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest .
john avlon: for-profit colleges reportedly get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money . he says the default rate is worse than that of worst subprime borrowers during the financial crisis .
more than 2,000 white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the event . president Barack Obama came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian .
in 2014, the Clinton Foundation "received money from the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Oman" the donors included Canada's foreign affairs department, which is promoting the Keystone XL pipeline . john avlon: the alleged conflicts of interest are potentially serious .
baggage handlers at miami international airport are being recorded on a hidden camera . the camera was set up as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts .
the decision is connected with north Korean domestic affairs, a spokesman says . the visit would have been Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea .
the man who beat serial killer Jeffrey dahmer to death says he did it because of his creepy sense of humor . "some people who are in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them," the paper quoted scarver as saying . the prison minister says the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past .
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the u.s. next month . it will be the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms .
Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . each month there are around 10,000 license plates available . the auctions take place once a month on a Saturday morning .
a 20-kilometer (12-mile) exclusion zone has been established around the crater . the explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and 23 .
fans rally for the 39-year-old as he crosses the finish line . he was born with muscular dystrophy, which causes progressive weakness .
google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing . the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers .
the cinematographer won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy . he also worked with new Zealander Jackson on the remake of "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones"
"sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" co-star dies aged 78 . son: "she knew it was happening, she was at peace with it, and she died peacefully"
the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday . "just got paid" was a no. 1 hit on the U.S. billboard R&B chart .
percy sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says . he had been in hospice care for cancer . "when a man loves a woman" was his biggest hit .
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel have welcomed their son, Silas Randall Timberlake . it is the first baby for both .
Lifetime has greenlit "the unauthorized full house story" (working title) the follow-up to "Saved by the Bell" will look at the rise of the cast and explore the pressures they faced .
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time . "the Avengers" is set to top the surprise and excitement of 2012's The Avengers .
"Furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker . the usual flaws -- plot bumps, muscle acting, tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen .
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies" and the long-running British soap opera "Coronation Street" she is followed by reality tv star and model Kendall Jenner .
the USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near California's farallon islands . researchers went looking for it again in march as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks . sonar images show what looks like an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the hangar deck to its flight deck .
consumer reports compared award-seat availability for the five biggest airlines . southwest offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets . many JetBlue customers fly the airline only once or twice per year .
a new attorney general will be sworn in on thursday . she will work to re-establish order in Baltimore, where a state of emergency is declared .
a 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from the u.s. after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed she was her daughter . the woman in Houston claimed her daughter had been illegally taken to the united states by her biological father .
justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas argued for marriage equality . aaron carroll: to argue that marriage has not changed is either willfully ignorant or woefully nave .
nearly one in three adults in the u.s. has an arrest or conviction record . black-americans are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites .
"the royal wedding of Scotland" took place in the quaint town of Dunblane, Scotland . tennis legend and long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears, got married on saturday . the couple met at the 2005 u.s. open and got engaged last year .
after a large amount of rain, four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky . "it's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," says a fashion company CEO .
asadullah's cousin, Gulnaz, was raped by her husband when she was 16 . she was jailed for adultery as her attacker was married . a presidential pardon saved her from shame and rejection .
five men who once thrived off their skills have been fired from their jobs in Kabul . they are now blacklisted, and fear reprisals . "we are in prison in Afghanistan," a fourth says .
photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers" in the desert of western sahara . the soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s .
Freddie gray was taken into police custody in october . gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up . police have not released the incident report .
"he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie," toya Graham tells "anderson cooper 360 " the video of Graham yanking her son and slapping him with a right hand has led to the internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear . the 16-year-old boy says he understood that his mother was there looking out for him .
bodega worker Pedro Hernandez is charged with killing 6-year-old Etan patz in 1979 . he confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime .
james Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings . he is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others .
boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday . boxing isn't fading away because of a combination of catastrophic mismanagement . the rocket rise of MMA's premier organization, the Ultimate Fighting Championship, has matched boxing's decline .
a survivor tells investigators there were 950 people on board the boat . he says many were trapped inside behind locked doors . the boat capsized in the dark of night saturday .
japan will put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . the move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors .
the warships are being deployed to monitor nearby Iranian ships, officials say . the move is meant to reassure allies in the region, a spokesman says .
pastor Creflo Dollar responds to criticism of his campaign to buy a luxury jet . "the enemy's trying to discredit me," he says in a newly posted video .
president Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week . he refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point . in many ways, he is attempting to reframe the discussion around climate change .
five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded . four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in the eastern city of Agri .
an Indonesian court rejects a bid by two australian drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions . the pair are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot .
a bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on friday . the crash killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported .
scientists from the university of utah have made a bombshell discovery . underneath the park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the grand canyon . the discovery doesn't mean that there is now more magma than there was before .
marleni Olivo hit president Nicolas Maduro in the head with a mango . in return, she gets the new apartment she was asking for . a video of the incident has gone viral in Venezuela .
six survivors of the siege are suing a french media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting . the media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of hostages .
the helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih . prime minister Najib Razak ordered an investigation . among the victims were the nation's former ambassador to the united states .
"Finding your roots" producer apparently acquiesced to affleck's request to remove slave references . "i didn't want any tv show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves," he said .
frida ghitis: u.s. drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by al Qaeda . she says rogue regimes often seize hostages to extract concessions, humiliate obama, signal unease . but she says use of hostages is part of a consistent pattern of hostage-taking .
the u.s. patent and trademark office denied the band "slant" a trademark . the band's front-man: "we want to take on stereotypes that people have about us"
"embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life, religion and parenthood," ex-fiance says . "when we create embryos for the purpose of life, should we not define them as life, rather than as property?" he asks .
the streets of the city of Aden are filled with fear, desperation and want . people line up for bread and cook fuel, and the electricity only works a few hours a day . officials say they believe the toll of the dead runs into the hundreds .
an Alaska Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging . a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, according to the airline . the agent told authorities he had fallen asleep .
gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in goldsboro, north carolina . he shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities said .
a smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees . an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing .
Hungarian architect matyas Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest . a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers, equalizing the temperature across the building . the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers .
gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a boat, frontex says . the boat, named Airone, was intercepted off the coast of Sicily . it was carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians .
"Full House" co-star John Stamos announced the news on "jimmy kimmel live" the show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as the recently widowed mother of three boys . the original series aired from 1987 to 1995 .
the game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public . it follows the postponement of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the white sox until a doubleheader scheduled for may 28 .
the previous round of talks failed in January after rebels attacked the president's residence . on Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its operation against Houthi positions .
"these guys just gutted it out," Wisconsin head coach bo Ryan says . Kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record . Wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished .
a 54-year-old man scales a white house fence but is quickly apprehended . the package was being examined and later deemed harmless, a secret service source says .
"it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs,'" says Baltimore city councilman . "these are children who have been set aside, marginalized, who have not been engaged," he says .
critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight . "it's an ideal piece of judicial craftsmanship," says a gay rights advocate .
attacks on foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six people this week . this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse "rainbow" violence started after Zulu king Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," ministry says . he is the regional commander within al-Shabaab in charge of the Juba region . "we appeal to anyone with any info on #Gamadhere to share," interior ministry tweets .
john avlon: Freddie gray's death raises questions about police use of force . he says the arrest in this case raises at least three legal issues . police say he fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence .
a u.s. soldier was killed in an attack by an Afghan national army gunman, a military official says . an Afghan police chief says an Afghan soldier opened fire on the troops at a compound . a senior american official had just held a meeting with a provincial governor .
new Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream . both companies have a history of social activism . the beer will hit shelves in the fall .
suzanne Crough portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on '70s sitcom "the partridge family" she passed away at home in Laughlin, Nevada, the coroner's office says .
"we can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," grandmother says . "i can say today, Bobbi is awake. She's watching me," her father tells the audience .
if you flunked the test, it might be because Mercury suffers from bad (or very little) press . a spacecraft is about to crash onto the planet's surface around April 30 .
experts say the spate of jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation . psychology professor: "it comes to mind when a conflict happens, when you react aggressively" "the very concept of beheadedness, that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious, is now there," he says .
a preliminary framework for a possible nuclear deal has been reached between Iran and world powers . many here believe a final agreement is possible and most hope sanctions relief could be on the horizon .
the riots of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball . but the Orioles' home stand presented a problem .
more than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend, says the italian coast guard . the flow of migrants from Libya exploded again after the dictatorship of moammar gadhafi was overthrown .
photographer James Oatway captures brutal attack on mozambican . seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants . "they wanted one thing and that was to kill Emmanuel," says photographer .
"this is what we warned Baghdad of what's going to happen," a politician says . "just Allah knows if we will survive this," he tells cnn . at least 10 security forces were killed and more than 100 wounded in fighting .
officer michael slager is charged with murder for shooting a black man in the back . he was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing shots at the man .
lz granderson: mehmet oz is increasingly serving himself at a cost to u.s. hospitals . he says if he was ever going to go down, surely his ship would've sunk in the wake of his testimony .
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba . he was charged in 2009 with masterminding the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks . india, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned his bail release .
a woman who was recording police activity says she was terrified when a deputy smashed her phone . beatriz paez filed a complaint with police in south gate, just south of los angeles . paez is also considering a lawsuit .
the peaceful transition of power from goodluck Jonathan to president Buhari is the first of its kind in history . the richest buy off the anger of the poorest, and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime . but thanks to Nigeria's oil, there is tremendous wealth in Abuja .
scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night . experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing .
a wsj report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . peter bergen: the key takeaway from the report is the type of warhead . he says it gives a better clue to the future of the country's weapons capabilities .
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters . the serb extends his winning streak to 17 matches . he becomes the first man to win the opening three Masters of the season .
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies . "spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals .
an Egyptian court sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie, to death by hanging . the sentences will be appealed . 36 other defendants were sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks .
police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment," says john avlon . we must face this crisis if we are going to reverse course from national crisis, he says .
the cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago . a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet .
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday . the movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget .
the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers . it came the same night the third season of her hit show, "Inside Amy Schumer," premiered .
a woman on average loses $431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career . merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty .
john avlon: equal pay day is a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups . he says 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated .
green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . he had to have open heart surgery . "i will never forget those days that I could walk 15 steps for five minutes," green said .
"this is a totally wrong judgment that doesn't respect the facts or the evidence," her lawyer says . the government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9"
near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry . the rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years . researchers say reducing risk is easy, free and readily-available.
"#Hillary2016" trended on social media after her official announcement went online . terms like "hillary Clinton" and "#WhyImNotVotingforHilary" were trending .
at least 17 people have been killed in the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp . dozens of climbers have been injured and several are missing . rescue efforts have been hampered by a series of aftershocks .
assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012 . prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another .
two tsa screeners have been fired after a scheme to grope attractive men at a Denver airport, police say . the male TSA officer used his hands to touch the passenger's front groin area and buttocks during the patdown .
the faa issues a certificate certifying a pilot's ability to fly into highly restricted airspace . a "no-fly zone" over the white house has long existed, but was created after 9/11 .
president hassan rouhani says he's neither in favor nor against a final nuclear deal . if economic sanctions are removed on the first day of the deal's implementation, it will be binding .
a microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need them . the patch resembles a small, round adhesive bandage and can be applied to the skin .
the $16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center went up in flames after Freddie gray's funeral . the project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center . members of Baltimore's clergy say it was spurred by issues with young africa-Americans in the city .
the revised training materials were submitted to a federal judge for approval . they include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" the training notes are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring "stop, question and frisk" unconstitutional .
dozens of americans are caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen . the u.s. has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate americans . neighboring Saudi Arabia is conducting airstrikes in the area .
american decision to stand behind the Saudi attack on Yemen can best be described as misguided . the kingdom's real motives seem clear if one looks at its history of not allowing regional competition of any kind .
china's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week . only models on display will be those with four wheels . show comes at a turning point for the country's auto market, facing a second year of slower growth .
"the late show with David Letterman" announced some of the guests . the last "Late Show" will air on may 20 . "late show" has been a late-night host for 33 years .
a controversial new security order gives sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . critics say the move marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" the new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons .
"they got it wrong," Aaron Hernandez says as he is sentenced to life without parole . "the day I laid my son Odin to rest, I think my heart stopped beating for a moment," his mother says .
john avlon: the whole nation saw beautiful Baltimore at its worst . the protests started in response to the death of Freddie Gray in police hands .
about one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa . many others have died when smugglers' ships sink .
the fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino . approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived . three men were arrested in connection to the brawl .
"we" is one of the great American words. We the People. yes we can. we are family . bob greene: we enslaved Africans, cut blacks out of the new deal, created a polity .
"it takes a village to raise a triathlete," says atriathlete . "i was not very diligent in getting all of my training done," she says . she's training for her first Ironman half-triathlon .
70 years ago, the Chicago Daily News was strictly limited in the hours it could publish . the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks . he jumped up so quickly, his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase .
"we live in an America now where the game is rigged," Warren says . "i really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us"
the low-key video she released announcing her run for the white house is filled with women . "i'm getting ready to do something, too. I'm running for president," she says in the video .
john avlon: if she wins two terms, 28 will have a Clinton or a Bush in the white house . he says she is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties .
the initial picture shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs of Pluto and its largest moon, Charon . but the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and other information . "we're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes," scientist says .
"we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner Amanda Rothschild says . "there was some fear," she says, but it was mixed in with a sense that everyone here needs help .
"they actually spit on me and my service dog as well," wounded veteran says . the university of florida and the international office of Zeta Beta Tau are investigating . three members of the fraternity have been expelled from the group .
methyl bromide is banned from indoor use and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide . authorities are trying to track down vacationers who stayed at villas in the virgin islands .
the brutality of ISIS, the self-anointed Islamic State, or Boko Haram, is familiar . but the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their radical strategy .
gas station owner jamal al-Labani was killed in a mortar attack in southern Yemen . he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in the country .
the exact timing of the Cuba trip wasn't immediately released . the Vatican said the pope would stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops . "we're very happy he is coming," a man says .
"Roots" is being reimagined for new audiences . the original miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . leVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce .
cnn's john sutter explores the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . he says ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power .
teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian ocean . families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to loved ones .
the "true cross" is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people . to say something smacks of the true cross can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud .
the Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted . spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the Lamalunga cave .
the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday . john avlon: the justices practice politics as much as law . there are risks when they are guided by more than the text and history of the Constitution .
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls . the characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy .
bob greene: Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of his "Finding Your Roots" segment . he says the actor put pressure on him because it would have aired his slaveholding ancestry . greene says he should have shown courage to stay in an uncomfortable place .
a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man . a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done .
five years after the BP oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: "what have we learned?" "out of sight, out of mind" doesn't apply in the communities of the Gulf coast states .
spaceX will launch a two-stage rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft . the space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon . SpaceX says it will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform .
a top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader was among five killed in an airstrike . he was once held by the u.s. government at its detention facility in Guantanamo bay, Cuba . al-Rubaish was released as part of a program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists .
seven minutes after 911 call, suspect surrenders to police . jurors will examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty .
cnn's nina dos santos traveled from djibouti to aden on a wooden vessel . the vessel was called Mecca — after the holy city . crowds shoved and shouted: "Where are you going?" "I'll pay, I'll paid"
"i would have done anything to get to Europe," says a Syrian smuggler . he says he met a man in a hotel in Mersin who had already paid $6,500 . "i'm glad i did it," says the man who smuggled the money .
a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes . support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone . a police officer in Michigan is part of the revolution, as are the editors of the medical journal .
"sanctions are sanctions," says Russian president Vladimir Putin . he predicts the sanctions will not end soon . critics of the Kremlin slam the event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action .
talk show host mehmet Oz defends himself against a group of doctors who call his faculty position unacceptable . doctors accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his work .
ice cream, yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states could be contaminated . three people in Kansas have died in the past year, CDC says . the origin of the strain is still unknown .
toya graham: a video of her yanking her son from a riot went viral . she says many called her a hero, but wasn't she also promoting violence? she says we need more mothers like her, who can help their kids .
tornadoes touched down near Dallas on sunday . there have been no reports of deaths . but surveyors have not been out to check for damage or casualties .
eighteen-month-old twins drown after their mother tried to fend off a bee . the stroller rolled into a canal in Yuma, ariz., police say .
death toll rises to 3,218; india, china, india report 56 deaths . thousands wander streets of Kathmandu, capital city of 3 million people .
the crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway . the 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry, was pronounced dead at the scene .
"it is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," u.s. president says . "if Iran cheats," he says, "the world will know it"
the character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men" films . in the "all-new x-men" storyline, members of the team travel to the past, as younger versions of themselves .
pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto a proposed election proposal . if approved, candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee . "their fake universal suffrage is an insult to everybody's intelligence," one legislator says .
australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations . two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad . australian prime minister calls the executions "cruel and unnecessary"
the spirit of Lincoln's second inaugural was self-evident on April 9, 1865 . Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his troops to Union general Ulysses S. Grant .
two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries," police say . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, prime minister says . police say they are individuals acting by themselves .
"transgender" is an umbrella term for people whose physical appearance has become more feminine . a transgender character had a recurring storyline on the just-wrapped final season of "Glee" and jazz jennings will star in a reality show debuting on TLC this summer .
defector Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north . he is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader is assassinated . "the regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," says Lee .
a lifelong Catholic reads the Bible from cover to cover this week . "seth" is the forgotten son of Adam and Eve who is born after cain kills Abel .
conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo . the 23-year-old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in 2011 . he shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base .
the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument . it's scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from french Guiana . the telescope will be designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe .
officer who ran his car into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man . officer Michael Rapiejko sped around another officer as the suspect walked through a business park, hit the man from behind with the left side of his front bumper . the suspect had a rifle, ammunition and was walking toward offices where hundreds of people work .
a microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor Jonty Hurwitz, entitled Trust, measured just 1/100th of a centimeter . the 45-year-old's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret," says Hurwitz .
nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on italian shores since the weekend . many are from sub-Saharan africa . cnn's nina dos santos traveled to Sicily this week after fleeing a war-torn country .
a tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia . it is the victim of a border dispute between the two countries, effectively a no-man's land . euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory .
at 42, Sudan is old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female . he has a low sperm count, which complicates natural and scientific efforts, experts say .
fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in the u.s. retail sales more than doubled last year . it has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice .
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan . an Afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded, police say .
a 17-year-old girl's 4-month-old infant was taken to a hospital in suburban las vegas . a search warrant was served at the family's home a day later . the teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm .
defense and prosecution make closing arguments in the case on Monday . "he brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets," prosecutor says . if found guilty of at least one of the 17 capital counts, the trial will proceed to a second phase .
jurors haven't reached a verdict yet in the bombing trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev . the 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty . prosecutors played a video of the moment a bomb exploded .
20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were killed by police in southeastern india . amnesty international calls for an independent investigation of the killings . a police official declines comment, saying an "investigation is still going on"
police chief says he was "sickened" by what he saw . "we can't get into the brain of another individual," the Scott family attorney says . a video shows officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott . the officer is charged with murder in the shooting death of unarmed black man .
the shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance . the lessons learned from both cases could help mend tensions in the future .
prosecutors release video of the shooting of a police officer last month . the officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white; the gunman, angelo west, was black .
a reserve deputy "inadvertently" shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun . another deputy can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot . police are trained to "double-tap" when firing their handguns, an investigator says .
two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in south Carolina emerge . the voice of former officer Michael Slager can be heard in both recordings . if convicted of murder, the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty .
video shows reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser . he then shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun . "we believe the video itself proves that it was an accident of misfortune," an attorney says .
an officer drove his car into an armed suspect in the city of marana, ariz., on february 19 . the suspect, 36-year-old Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged .
two immigrants and three south africans were killed in clashes in Durban . "we are preparing aid packages for those who may journey onwards," charity says . about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week .
the original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat . sometime during the trip, the alleged assailants threw the 12 overboard . the 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police say .
officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced a lawsuit . officer Michael Rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he had been yanked from the car .
"sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," family friend says . "he was trying to hold his brother up," a family friend tells cnn affiliate WITI . a 2-year-old boy died after being hit by a van at a birthday party, police say .
a shipwreck off the coast of Italy may have killed hundreds of migrants . the international organization for migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress . a rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya .
Freddie gray died of a spinal injury on sunday . police released the names of six officers suspended with pay . mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: "mr. Gray's family deserves justice"
Freddie gray died one week after his arrest in vineland, new jersey . it's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury .
two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property . protesters are upset over the lack of information and a police union's comparison of the demonstrations to a "lynch mob" protesters rally at city hall before marching to police station .
"all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she wrote . the post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested, WSB reports .
in 1942, the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a german U-boat . it was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . the sinking went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search went looking for it .
a ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars . the most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website, was retailing for a mammoth $128,705 .
"baltimore unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians," says npr . john sutter: it's time to call this persistent meme what it is .
jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors . opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27 . the one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder .
the court agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination didn't come from medical technology . boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . she thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent .
the 21-year-old golfer equals Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par . "i miss her a lot, and I wish she could have been here," he tells don riddell . he says his autistic sister is "the funniest part of our family"
a teacher at a Denver elementary school asks students to share their wishes with her . the students can write their names on their notes or remain anonymous .
dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI world cup dressage title in Las Vegas . their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport, but still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival . the weekend's events were notable for the success of younger riders .
the world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for the world cup finals . the venue is the Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the strip . organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event .
a maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi . the train covered nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences . "this maglev project... (increases) the hope that Japan can have a good growth again in the future," witness says .
two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal . all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks . "we are suffering with rain, strong wind. the fear is not gone from us," says anuradha Koirala .
the university of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium . a taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events .
nearly 12 million parents in the u.s. are raising kids on their own . single parents face a devastating illness such as cancer . Jody Farley-Berens saw the need firsthand, when her childhood friend passed away .
guitars over guns pairs middle-school students with professional musicians . since 2008, his nonprofit has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County . "when i started playing music it really gave me a sense of identity," says Chad Bernstein .
in 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage . by 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a poll conducted by the public religion research institute .
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu . he had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother .
a lawmaker says he was given the information by the south Korean national intelligence service . a senior official with the ministry of forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction .
john avlon: governor's action is a step toward reforming the state's water distribution system . he says lack of clean fresh water a serious problem in much of the world . drought in Syria is attributable to human-induced climate change, a noa report says .
"he's got very strong constitution and (is strong) not only physically, but spiritually," Frank Jordan says . the younger Jordan took his 35-foot sailboat out to the Gulf Stream in late January . he broke his shoulder when the boat capsized .
yong soo Lee, 16, was kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the japanese during wwii . japan's prime minister has an opportunity to do right by these women, writes cnn's john sutter .
in the united states, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once . millennials don't care what their generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want . "i would rather be alone, successful and happy than in a relationship where I'm not happy"
"there is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today," geologist says . the volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 2312 inches .
anthony Sideri began using drugs on a daily basis at age 25 . by 2005, he had been snorting heroin daily for two years . "it didn't seem like the heroin I grew up knowing about," he says .
mission controllers confirm the probe slammed into the surface of Mercury at 3:26 p.m. eDT . the probe was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel .
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . last summer, ISIS fighters swept through the Iraqi city of Mosul .
supreme court justices appear divided during historic arguments over gay marriage . questions centered around the definition of marriage and whether the decision should be left to voters in individual states or judicial system .
a school in southwestern yemen was hit by airstrikes targeting a military base . the school was not the main target, but it was heavily damaged, officials say .
as many as 1,600 people have died in the past 10 days in the Mediterranean . migrant crisis that has drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years .
a few years ago, the Calabrese was on the lookout for "contrabandisti," smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs . it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the middle east . in recent years, its 12-man crew has joined Italy's effort to rescue migrants coming from Africa .
magnitude-7.8 quake near capital of more than 1 million people flattened homes, buildings and temples . death toll expected to rise as full extent of damage is assessed . residents huddled in cold rain overnight for safety .
Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . Winston has said the sex was consensual . "this stunt was expected," says Winston's attorney .
"he's physically OK, not injured. He's safe in there," his lawyer says . "the last thing he wanted was any more violence," his attorney says of his client . the incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after a citywide curfew went into effect .
the singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer . "i'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private," she said .
"sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot," her family says . she was involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years .
al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of the regime to evade capture . he was also a man thought to have led the post-Hussein sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army .
Xi Jinping and Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations . while india is out to put its economy on the fast track, china's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .
"the way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," he says . the dadaab camp is the world's largest, with more than 600,000 people living there .
Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend . he focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide .
"hot yoga" guru bikram Choudhury is accused of sexual assault by six former students . he says he never assaulted anyone, saying he would never resort to physical aggression . "he's got to stop doing this to people," a former student says .
the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date . the bullets are .50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors .
a few would-be questions released ahead of the event give us a flavor of what's on Russia's mind . one man asks: "why are prices going up in the shops but wages are staying the same?" a schoolgirl asks, "why is the value of the ruble going up against the dollar?"
greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest plans to drill in the Arctic . the rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle .
president Obama and his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, met at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders . the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years .
the Solar Impulse 2 is an experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel . it's been grounded by the weather in china for two-and-a-half weeks . a takeoff was canceled because cross winds in Nanjing were too strong around its expected landing time .
police commissioner says there are no excuses for the fact that Freddie Gray was not buckled in . a witness said the man was yelling and indicated he was having difficulty breathing . investigators are trying to learn more about Gray's condition at each of the three stops the van made .
wei tingting, Wang man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong are released on bail . they were picked up by police in three different cities just before the international women's day . "i'm still speechless and don't know how to react," tweets their girlfriend .
SpaceX launches a two-stage rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon . the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship . it will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds .
a student who was accused of rape is suing the school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" the suit alleges the school violated Nungesser's right to an education free of gender-based discrimination .
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore . he "gave up without the use of force," a Baltimore Deputy police commissioner says . "when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van, he could not talk," he adds .
the people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . there is something you can do to make an impact . a list of organizations have created specific funds for relief efforts .
u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques . concerns that china could match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship .
"one of the officers told me to stop, but it was because I (said) that what they did it was an abuse," he says . "mr. Scott never tried to fight," says Fidin Santana .
a motorist who was bloodied during a traffic stop was cleared of all charges . the officer who arrested him is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner . police chief Vicki Yost announced her resignation .
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast . it has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted last year .
police estimate that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo . there's an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company .
a non-profit company specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture . the company is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure accurate digital versions of the world's treasures will stay with us forever .
a former school principal says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women in the Philippines . police say he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography . 147,600 photos of his activities were seized, a police officer in charge of crime involving minors says .
dash cam video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott . the footage does not show the actual shooting . attorney for the family says the shooting was "completely unjustified"
pappy van winkle, one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world, was reported missing in 2013 . a grand jury indicted nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft . of the nine named, two worked at Frankfort's Buffalo Trace and one worked at Wild Turkey .
"it's been a really rough day," a hiker tells cnn . 17 people have been killed on the mountain, an official says .
"we might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow," he says . "this is obviously an historic meeting," u.s. president says of meeting with cuban counterpart . but a key stumbling block remains unresolved, he adds .
people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support . they also experience more generosity, have more freedom to make life choices and have lower perceptions of corruption .
"this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community," mayor says . a man who was in Scott's car when officer pulled it over for a broken taillight is detained . police continue to investigate the incident in which Scott ran from his car after a traffic stop .
migrant deaths in the Mediterranean increase by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year . eu has unveiled a new ten-point action plan to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey . what would it mean if the EU did "get Australian" in its approach to asylum seekers?
a video shows two groups of men, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, being executed in Libya . one group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean sea, while the other is shot hundreds of miles away . "muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap," the narrator says .
many of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law . most victims of ISIS are fellow Muslims who refuse to go along with the ISIS worldview . there's ample evidence that Christians have been targeted .
mohamed morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters . but he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of demonstrators . his party called the trial a "travesty of justice"
a court sentenced 71 people to life in prison for their role in the burning of a Christian church . the church was one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted . two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds .
the body of Odin Lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro, massachusetts, 22 months ago . he had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste . former nfl star Aaron Hernandez is on trial for first-degree murder .
a warden in volcanoes national park, rwanda, infiltrated poachers by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . he decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help former poachers make a living .
"Killing Jesus," a NatGeo production rebroadcast Sunday on tv . "Finding Jesus" and "A.D." are reimagined in different ways .
obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions . "it makes for the best cosmetic outcome," says a professor at the university of Alberta .
record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age . corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to independent stores .
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers . he was also a regular on movie sets . some of his work is as famous as the movies he worked on .
a reserve sheriff's deputy pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter . he is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a gun . the family of the man killed claims he was given preferential treatment .
fatu Kekula, 23, was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family . a CNN story about her in September prompted donations from around the world to IAM .
Shelby Offrink was diagnosed with intramedullary glioblastoma, a highly aggressive form of brain cancer . after a week of treatment, Shelby suddenly lost feeling in her legs . Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them .
hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines . the cms increasingly factors patients' satisfaction into its quality measures .
protesters get into shoving matches with helmeted cops, throw objects . at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence .
laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification . it can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation . the technology is still in its infancy, but once it's perfected, it could help us modulate the weather .
most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly . it wasn't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday's release .
"it doesn't matter what anyone says, he is presumed to be innocent," cardiologist's attorney says . he says his next move is to get his client back to work . two other men were named as accomplices, according to authorities .
questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who helped perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient . the girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood on saturday . "she was badly crushed. the roof of the house was on her," her grandfather says .
21-year-old Jackson Gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl . he opted for a form of memory foam, built around key areas to "squish and compress" he says he was frustrated with his design because it didn't go with the character .
at least 25 people have been detained since January . it's a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations are finally being completed .
the earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people . the death toll is expected to rise . a doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu pleads for engineers to come to his hospital .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in newly liberated Tikrit . grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies . the bodies will be sent back to baghdad for DNA tests to establish identity .
rescuers in Nepal pull man from wreckage of building where he was stuck for 82 hours . experts say it's rare for injured people to hold out for longer than 72 hours after disaster . a 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur .
eight of Mary Jane Veloso's fellow death row inmates were put to death by firing squad . "we are so happy, so happy. I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good," her mother says .
more than 100 people are arrested in new york during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally . "we're not giving up on them. we're just going to follow up," police commissioner says .
the charges include assault of a police officer, robbery, resisting police, disobedience to lawful orders, and interference . a law enforcement source says more than 60 people were arrested during the demonstrations .
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker" age 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on africa issues . "a Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series .
replica of 18th century french frigate set sail for virginia to retrace a journey through american history . in 1780, the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman who fought in the war of independence .
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid . tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes . airport management is still chaotic, with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies .
the FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating . the suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement tried to arrest him .
the sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students . "we kept waiting with belief in finding our daughter," park says .
typhoon maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday .
cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't meet face-to-face because they can share infections . "i left the decision about whether we should meet up completely up to Katie," he says .
assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of northern Iraq . many among them see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists .
two africa-american candidates won their wards to make the six-member council 50% black . the city's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the city council is predominantly white . supporters of both candidates say they did not see their victories from a racial perspective .
"our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies," pope says . "the first, which is widely considered 'the first genocide of the 20th century,' struck your own Armenian people," he said . turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments .
police chief: "i was sickened by what i saw and i have not watched it since" "the officer said that Walter ran from the vehicle during the traffic stop," attorney says . officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Walter Scott .
noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, 31, face life in prison . they are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states . "why can't we be some real bad bitches?" she asked .
30,000 cases of hummus are being recalled . listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections .
Yarmouk refugee camp in southern Damascus has been seized by ISIS, activists say . the u.n. says 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp . barrel bombs were dropped on the camp on sunday, activists report .
the northern Ramadi districts were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done . ISIS took over parts of that western Anbar city in the first half of 2014 .
a mechanical digger packed with explosives was disarmed, a CNN correspondent says . a truck with a machine gun mounted on the back of it was destroyed, she adds .
john avlon: despite her fame, we've long called her by her first name . he says we don't do that with men who have held similar positions of power .
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday . the two victims shot in the neck were hospitalized, a city spokesman says .
"running from an officer doesn't result in the death penalty," his family lawyer says . "we just couldn't believe it," his brother says of his brother's death . police officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott .
the international committee of the red cross says more people will die if not tended to soon . a pause is needed especially in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden . residents of Sanaa, witnessed the fiercest Saudi strikes since the air assault started last week .
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years . many of the math and science teachers in northern Kenya are Christian . in early April, al-Shabab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University .
many clouds wins the grand national by a length and a half . the 25-1 outsider was ridden by jockey leighton aspell . AP McCoy announced he would retire if he won the race .
blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison, three others to 30 years each . the four were among seven employees who opened fire in 2007 killing 17 people . an FBI investigation found 14 of the deaths unjustified .
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol and shot himself . he carried a sign with a message about "social justice," authorities said .
"Furious 7" filmmakers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high . the stunt posed unique logistical challenges, stunt coordinator says .
the stress of living in a war zone shows on the faces of the 188 evacuees . some 2,500 people have been evacuated over the last few days from Yemen .
at least 147 people were slaughtered at a college in garissa, kenya, on tuesday . investigators marked the locations of the bodies with numbered tags before sending them off to morgues .
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line . the campaign is a dig at Victoria's Secret and its Angels line, which caters to smaller women .
officers John Rogers and Andrew Hutchins won't face criminal prosecution in the case . they are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from the family of schizophrenic Jason Harrison .
"we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade," scientist says . "in most cases, we have the technology, and we're on a path to implementing it," she said .
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen . "School of Rock" will debut on Nickelodeon later this year .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the roof of the white house . the discovery comes on the same day a court approved a government plan to restart two reactors . prime minister Shinzo abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese .
a 911 caller made a threat to blow up the statue, which led to its evacuation . the bomb squad found a locker thought to contain a suspicious package empty .
low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis . fast-food chains, retailers and department stores use "just-in-time" scheduling to maximize profit . a study found that 41% of early career hourly workers received a week or less of notice .
the new south china mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world . opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country . the mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, more than twice the size of mall of America .
"i apologize. I sincerely apologize," a detective tells WNBC's Jonathan Dienst . a video of the altercation with an Uber driver went viral . the detective faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance .
a 2014 poll found 51% of americans favored legalizing marijuana . but 23 states still prohibit marijuana outright . "somebody is going to become a mogul," says Brian Rogers, 34 .
"i just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom," says Brynn Duncan . "when you're allergic to life, a near-death experience is no big deal," she says .
hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country . the demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached . on the other side of the country, Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support .
147 people were killed in a terrorist attack at a university in garissa, kenya, on tuesday . the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility . "we are trying to avoid remembering these people as just a number," a mourner says .
two australian drug smugglers, part of the so-called "Bali Nine," are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death . an Indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from president joko widodo on Monday .
kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, UNICEF says . "they have the right to get their childhoods back," says the agency .
u.s. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases . the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower, but they will all be inside the embassy by the end of next year .
UltraHaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes out of thin air, using ultrasound . through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user . paired with another rising technology it has the potential to become a game changer .
this year the company was a day early to the party, rolling out the Pac-Man game Tuesday . it's easy to play: simply pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser, click on the "pac-man" icon on the lower left .
"downward spiral: inside the case against Aaron Hernandez" airs tonight at 9 p.m. et . Hernandez's mother asked permission from a court officer to touch her son once the jury left .
"i have never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation," says Laura Bernardini . "i love to read, there is no excuse," she says of not reading the Good Book cover to cover .
the app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies . it features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access traditional texts that he quotes from . some analysts believe Xin is using the state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality .
"one of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away," says "weird al" Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter said .
al-Shabaab militants have killed 147 people at a college in garissa, kenya . the group is based in Somalia but hasn't confined its terrorism to there . "they were shooting everywhere," a student at the college says .
"it doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," sen. rick santorum says . the law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers .
"Joni was found unconscious in her home (tuesday) afternoon," a spokesman says . she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital .
an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain . the 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-may .
"the survival of Israel is non-negotiable," prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu says . he has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran's nuclear infrastructure . but such stipulations were not part of the framework agreement .
two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday . "the cabin was immediately secured, and the authorities were notified," the cruise line says .
"there is a third path. we can cooperate with the world," president hassan rouhani says . "we do not lie," he vows, vowing that Iran will stick to its word .
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains . "tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," a meteorologist says .
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains . "tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," a meteorologist says .
"we don't have a picture with Lane in it," Sierra Sharry says . "that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us," Sharry said . the photo has become a social media sensation .
147 people were killed when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa . many are saying security is still not tight enough . the idea of building a wall is somewhat grandiose, since the border runs some 700 kilometers .
"foster" is a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up orphaned children . by the government's own admission, 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor . the global slavery index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country .
Regina Agyare is the founder of software development company soronko solutions . the non-profit organization provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future . a predominantly Muslim area in a largely Christian nation, Nima has one of the densest populations in Ghana .
the religious freedom law in Indiana is being criticized as a cover for discrimination against gays and lesbians . the law extends the scope of religious protections to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved .
a florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince and lawyer . lawyer Alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein .
more than 60 people were rescued from the chilly waters in Russia's far east . of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians and 54 were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and vanuatu .
the deadline to agree on the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone . the good news? the sides are still talking . "an agreement and pressure do not go together. they are mutually exclusive," the Iranian minister says .
experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software . the technology could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude .
frida ghitis: if people of good will come together, liberty and equality can both be saved . she says it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives .
this Holy Week, we are calling on Christians to reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord . hundreds of thousands of lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as Iraq, Syria, Libya, Pakistan, India, Egypt, Kenya and Nigeria .
for the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party . this isn't Buhari's first time leading Nigeria, but it's his first in nearly 30 years . many Nigerians said they saw president goodluck Jonathan as ineffectual .
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend . it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 . the current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: the Winter Soldier"
"we're in a new era," governor says . the 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water . agriculture uses about 80% of the state's developed water supply .
the McDonald's announcement that the company is going to raise starting wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food workers . the raise isn't nearly enough to make paying for groceries, rent and transportation much easier . it does nothing to help workers have a voice in determining workplace conditions .
the excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states . the deal promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions .
life-size bronze statue in Celoron, new york, has been a tourist draw since 2009 . "we love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue," a facebook group seeks to get rid of the statue . a columnist vouched for the statue, saying "its deranged grimace and jagged teeth inspire more dread"
a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists . three previously arrested men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .
the third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch . the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the eclipse . "the lunar eclipse is looking good!" tweeted a meteorologist .
the polls close late Thursday evening, local time . the queen is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge . in a parliamentary election the vote is more indirectly aimed at appointing a new government .
millions of Turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade . the mysterious collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media .
the emails were discovered during a justice department investigation of racial prejudice . police capt. Rick Henke and Sgt. William Mudd resigned early last month . the city's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired in connection with the emails .
the oil tycoon's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," a coroner's official says . a female friend is at the home where he died and is cooperating with investigators .
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed germanwings flight 9525 into the french Alps on march 24 . peter bergen: we need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing .
the 30-year-old prince will spend four weeks with the country's military . he paid his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier .
"it's not a common name to have around your neck," sheriff says . "we have some ideas of where he went and how he ended up" in the windy city . it wasn't immediately known when Kamron Taylor will return to Kankakee County .
a military source says the strikes are not retribution for last week's massacre . two of the airstrikes hit al-Shabaab training camps, a Somali resident says .
two years ago, Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business in their Wisconsin town . but this week, people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana . "all of a sudden, our Facebook page started getting flooded," premeau said .
two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in australia . at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to reports . police minister: "people who have perpetrated this crime, to me, are oxygen thieves"
the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found in a ravine in the french Alps . initial tests show the co-pilot used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, the BEA says .
the 30-year-old prince will spend four weeks with the armed forces in australia . he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions .
Freddie gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . the 25-year-old's death sparks widespread outrage toward the Baltimore police department .
the skeleton of a camel was found beneath a cellar in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007 . it was thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century .
two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate . the three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder .
a roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up Thursday in Lausanne . a group of world powers reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program . the parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
documents obtained by CNN show the Missouri national guard used militarized words to describe protesters . "it's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing american citizens somehow as the enemy," an alderman says .
australia is an important ally of the united states . it has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran . one lawmaker described the move as "dancing with the devil"
environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago . the pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa . "we invited the crew -- 40 of them -- on board; they said the ship was sinking," spokesman says .
an improvised bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern city of Garowe . four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF are killed . the terrorist group al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .
one-third of Huntley High's 2,700 students are enrolled in the blended learning program . students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days .
the united states and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties . but cases like Hill's present an obstacle to an improved relationship . critics of the new opening say Havana's harboring of fugitives is enough .
missao Okawa, the world's oldest person, has died at the age of 117 . she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .
pope Francis reminded the world of the Vatican's status as a state . he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need .
a rope noose was found near a student center at 2 a.m. on campus . the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
muhanad al farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the united states . he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad . "this is news for celebration," says CNN counterterrorism analyst .
hundreds of students managed to escape the attack at garissa university college . four terrorists were killed and 15 hours later, the operation ended "successfully"
slain border guard identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki . 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening, SPA reports . on Thursday, rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden .
"just got served divorce papers" is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons . "he has also refused to make himself available to be served," court documents say .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
david cameron, nick clegg, nigel farage, nicholas sturgeon and leanne wood were in the debate . the debate was a cacophonous shouting match that offered little new insight to the undecided voter .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call. the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news .
camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region . there will be 14 races through the afternoon . camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy cars .
more than 200 schoolgirls have been abducted from their boarding school dormitories in northeastern Nigeria . a year ago, much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls .
the head anastomosis venture, or HEAVEN, is a surgically connecting two parts . italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he has part of the funding secured . he is also taking the 2015 layman's approach with crowd funding and book sales .
Gregory Margolin, 87, was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army . he survived one war, but a stray missile hit his house on february 10 . "we were attacked and we fought back," he says .
al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia opponents . AQAP referred to al-Houthi and Saleh as the "two heads of evil" about 1,000 people have already fled their homes during the two weeks of conflict .
two suicide bombers detonate their car at the entrance of a building housing the education ministry . five gunmen then enter the building, shooting people inside, a spokesman says . four soldiers and eight civilians are killed in the attack .
world heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his training base in Miami . he says the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset . "we don't know how far it's going to go," he adds .
anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on death row . he was convicted of killing two men, but always said he'd be innocent .
in two years, norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely . many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move . half the country already listens that way, says culture minister .
a new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera . a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study .
"my flight is not a secret," the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post . "the purpose of it was to call attention to the United States concerning our campaign finance laws," his friend says .
officials launch investigation into deaths in rodrigo de freitas lagoon . they believe the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water . the excess of organic matter would have led to a black of oxygen .
teen heart transplant recipient dies after carjacking, shooting at elderly woman, police say . in 2013, family told media that hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery .
the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles, a source says . they have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment .
daan Swangard joined a lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications . "this could be my own issue a year from now," he says . the lawsuit asks the court to protect physicians from liability .
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her daughter, 13, and her son, 9 . the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer on march 24 .
"the meatrix: relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement . a decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe .
"it's showtime!" Michael Keaton hosts "saturday night live" for the third time . "beetlejuice," "Batman" and "walking dead" star Norman Reedus also makes a cameo .
the 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings . the collection went under the hammer in new york on march 31, following a tour of Hong Kong, Paris, London and Los Angeles .
"it looks right now (like) somebody didn't do their job properly," sheriff says . "when the opportunity arose, he attacked the officer," the sheriff adds .
thieves broke into a safe deposit box in the heart of the city over the past weekend . they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash . one former police official estimates as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million .
ayatollah khomeini galvanized the nation, both his supporters and growing opponents, to fight against the enemy . like the war, Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era .
troops deploy to suburb of jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on friday . seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants . the unemployment rate in south africa is 25% .
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held in 1994 . "#WeAreAfrica" is showcasing the need for a common front against this affront .
after a century of development, half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support . eagles, panthers, snails, dolphins, manatees, flamingos, black bears and ghost orchids make up the wetlands .
det. Ian Cyrus is accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid . a surveillance video appears to show him stashing cash in a bag .
u.s. has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation . aaron miller: we are too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations .
Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island . the island climbed a rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site's Travelers' Choice award winners .
global capitalism is a juggernaut, with the world economy now doubling every generation . untrammeled greed leads to massive fraud, mega-tax evasion, modern slavery, rising inequalities .
malala yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the girls . the 17-year-old Nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban . she calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more .
two africa-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- were elected to the city council . this was the first city election since white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael brown last august . there's widespread feeling, especially in the african-american community, that if turnout is low, all the protests will have been in vain .
the preliminary agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June . it guarantees peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for lifting of sanctions . a full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the president's foreign policy .
eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan . three militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting, state-run news agency IRNA reports .
"Star Wars: Rogue One" is scheduled to hit theaters in 2016 . the movie will take place in between "episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Epilogue IV: A New Hope"
investigators have not found writings or conversations where co-pilot shared his motives . medical records show he was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy . this was before he ever got his pilot's license, a prosecutor's office spokesman says .
"we're winning" is a phrase i've heard a lot lately as it pertains to LGBT rights . the next state over signed an anti-LGBT "religious freedom" bill into the law . it allows businesses to challenge local laws that forbid discrimination based on sexual orientation .
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 . it has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since 2012 . an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside the camp .
since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says . violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid . the number of Syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid is the population of Moscow .
the "Great Cannon" blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks . it uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it . researchers fear it could be used for an array of powerful attacks beyond what they've already observed .
"anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says . "it's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks in all possible means," he adds . but there are signs of some fracturing among forces loyal to former president .
a 37-year-old arab driver struck two people at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city . one victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital . the driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the general security services .
a former member of parliament with ties to Yanukovych is shot dead in his apartment . a journalist known for his pro-russian views is killed in a dark blue car . at least three former members of parliament have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks .
a year ago, more than 200 girls were kidnapped from their school by boko haram militants . millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return . a marketing professional and father-of-three has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing .
the new law will take effect in six months . it will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex . around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change .
the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of the longtime president . the international red cross reports 182 dead and hundreds more wounded just between last week and Sunday .
prosecutors say ailina tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer . "stop looking for him. ... I know people that can put a bomb where you live," she said .
gunmen attacked the campus as morning prayers were underway . the attack comes just months after al-Shabaab militants murdered non-Muslim workers .
a door bearing a drawing by banksy was seized by police in southern Gaza . the owner of the door filed a complaint with a court stating he sold the door for $175 . "we sold it as we would sell an iron door," the owner says .
20 years ago, a truck bomb in Oklahoma City killed 168 people, injured hundreds more . david frum: the bombing exposed the true danger of the extreme right . he says the fbi shifted its priorities, hiring new agents and reassigning staff to work on domestic terrorism .
university of Cape Town students took to social media to demand removal of Cecil Rhodes' statue . students say his legacy is tainted with racism . the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus .
ambulance crews in london answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning . busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received . police made 77 arrests and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital .
driver went berserk with road rage after leaving home in burnley, lancashire . he found himself bumper-to-bumper on street with Rafal cegielka, 45 . the pair had both wound down their car windows, when he punched him . then ripped away fencing panel from nearby garden and chased victim . finally armed himself with hockey stick and shouted 'i'll f***ing kill him'
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation . fans invaded the pitch twice during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany . a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs and locked gates, will also be investigated .
andres Iniesta entered the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans . centre back Stefan de Vrij and midfielder Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory . 'it's unbelievable, this is about sport. what was he supposed to do? I can't understand this,' said boss Guus Hiddink .
as of April 1, anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period . the FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal . already established licensed agents were exempt from the new rules .
Spain were beaten 2-0 by Holland at the Amsterdam arena on tuesday . it was the first time the iberian nation had suffered two defeats under coach Vicente del bosque since he took over in 2008 . del Bosque will be confident of finding the right mix of players to secure a berth at Euro 2016 .
mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan rodgers in december . the 27-year-old quickly returned after brad Jones suffered a thigh injury . he has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home .
twitter user filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt .
CSKA goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months . he has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent . but despite the financial problems, he is impressed by the 'unique' fans .
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old daughter Kaia . but on march 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, the pair are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe .
the Liana's Ransom reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break . the crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner .
'i feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' the redwings forward said at practice on tuesday . while battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller under the visor . Stone's skate cut Miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow . 'when i got on the ice today, I felt pretty good,' he said .
the incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern china . according to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking . doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt .
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad . he began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!' luckily, he fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions .
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of salé, Morocco . footage was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football supporters .
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down as she walked to the library in london . friends said she was 'much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world' eight others, including five children, were injured in the horror crash last night . the 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's madejski stadium . the fan ran topless onto the pitch and performed a series of somersaults . he did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . but he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
blaze ripped through 70 hectares of heathland near the south coast of england . 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high . two schoolboys arrested on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires .
former pub landlord was convicted of illegally showing matches on foreign channels . he was fined and ordered to pay costs after being convicted eight years ago . but the conviction has now been overturned after a landmark european court ruling . the 55-year-old says he has paid a heavy price for the long-running battle .
wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger national park in south africa . elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave . but the elephant misses its target, which is unperturbed by its actions .
amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up australia's east coast . the images were taken in Jervis Bay which is in the south coast of new south wales . photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the royals' 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford last month . he did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards . the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches .
Filipe Luis signed a three-year contract at stamford bridge last summer . the defender has struggled to make the left back position his own at the club . atletico hope that may give them leverage, but he insists he wants to stay .
John Peacock's England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D of the UEFA Under 17 European Championships . the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of Burgas, Sozopol, Sliven and Stara Zagora between May 6 and 22 .
cracks in the structure of the West Stand were spotted on Tuesday morning . the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment . northern Ireland played at Windsor Park on Sunday evening, beating Finland 2-1 .
the pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday . the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . at one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape .
Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . the 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salaryman .
the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college helped lead his team to its first-ever NAIA championship title on march 24 . his biggest cheerleader, Brittany Huber, was not there to celebrate with him . 'good things can happen from bad things,' he said .
two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him . the incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand . he said he believes the officers totally overreacted .
a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in new zealand . a passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint . bus company boss said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions .
robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff . police have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft . he was wearing black clothing and greying black hair and wore glasses . detectives said no one was injured during the incident and they were 'confident' the public would know his identity .
west Ham host bottom-bottom side Leicester city at the boleyn ground on saturday . defender Winston Reid has been out since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on march 4 . but defender Enner Valencia will not be available due to a toe injury .
the brazilian midfielder enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches . a groin problem in February's derby saw him miss 10 games . his return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune moment .
asmir Begovic has been linked with other clubs during his time at the club . the 27-year-old's current deal has just over 12 months to run . but chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of him .
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season . the 19-year-old is ready to challenge for a place at manchester city . defender has been tipped to partner team-mate Vincent Kompany .
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations . the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments . it was fined $1 million by the confederation of african football .
dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of atletico . the purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday . legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
Simon Mignolet posed for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit . the 27-year-old had been with the Belgium squad for their euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel . he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps . mignolet is back in the uk ahead of a crucial premier league game against arsenal at the weekend .
dumbarton have faced both of his former teams in the league this term . but Ian Murray reckons that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace . he believes that a supposedly easier run-in can swing Hibs ahead of them .
former juve boss insists his return to Turin prompted 'fond memories' despite reports he received death threats . he replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after world cup exit . conte guided the azzurri to three Serie a titles before taking over .
andros Townsend scored in a 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin . the 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he did in 2011 . naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for the winger .
a clip has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb . the woman appears in her neighbour's front yard, brandishing a metal crowbar . she verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them . after a second tussle, she appears to be struck in the face with blood visibly pouring down her face .
deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at airport after being told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain . she offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one . teen offered to leave bag at airport as she begged to board 7am flight to Bilbao . but she said her pleas fell on deaf ears and she was 'sat on the floor crying'
father-of-six, 45, was a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral . he stepped in to break up a fight outside the NE38 sports bar in tyne and wear . fighting broke out after the bar closed and he was punched in the back . the punch made an 'audible crack' before he fell to the ground . police were called but he could not be saved .
set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, shropshire, the property boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and even its own cricket green . its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Chyknell Hall, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . owner will also be set up for entertaining with a wine cellar, four-oven Aga, loggia, library and billiard room .
the two giant antagonists of the german game meet this weekend . borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five titles . the two clubs are now only five points from the top six .
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis . the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over . locke joined the club as assistant manager to allan Johnston last summer .
the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . any less than six or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person . if power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in .
police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teenagers with a gun . a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape .
notts county beat arsenal 1-0 in the women's super league on tuesday . a free kick from Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood caused confusion . but nottinghamshire star Ellen white smashed the free kick into the corner .
the 19-year-old's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m . he flies forward very much in the style of . Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat . but there would be more defensive duties in . England and he would be tested in the air .
defender Ron Vlaar is out of contract at the end of the season . sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth as the club aim to stay up . the 30-year-old has only made 12 appearances for the club this term . villa travel to old Trafford in the premier league on saturday .
the girls aged between 16 and 18 are being trained at the 27th March Huizhou Integrated high school . the school has purchased 250 of the knives which have a plastic retractable blade to prevent injury . instructors say the girls will be able to use any sharp object to handle the attacker .
the five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china .
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for the hosts in the 27th minute . Clayton Donaldson equalised for third-bottom Rotherham . but the hosts were denied a penalty by referee Dean Whitestone .
sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a summer takeover . the villa boss plans to build a squad in his image for next season . villa are three points above the relegation zone after defeat by Swansea .
forster has undergone knee surgery but will be out for several months . manager Ronald Koeman will not be drawn on whether to sign a new keeper . the england keeper has been ruled out until the end of the season .
city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted that his club's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad . a number of young City professionals, including PSV's Karim Rekik and Marcos Lopes, are on loan and may be brought back to plug the holes .
the Norwegian blamed last summer's money-spinning pre-season schedule for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw . a return to the us for this summer has not yet been ruled out . deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments .
Virgil van Dijk was called up to the holland national team last year . the defender has never been capped by his country . he says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer's debut against Israel .
Celtic have hit out at the game's governing body over ticket prices . they will face inverness in their Scottish Cup semi-final later this month . tickets for the north and south stands were set at £23 . the east stand was £15 for adults and £5 for concessions .
Bayern Munich will be without left-back for around seven weeks . alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina . the 22-year-old has been in superb form for the german giants this season .
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's new permanent manager on friday . the 39-year-old will be given a three-year deal at rugby park . locke was asked to take charge of the club until the end of the season .
the club will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations . the development has reopened old hostilities, with Sandy Easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action .
the three lions drew 1-1 with the azzurri in a glamour friendly on tuesday . andros townsend equalised for the hosts after a technical fault . captain Wayne Rooney said he and the rest of the players were upset by their first half performance .
arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are 'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission . supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club .
hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for the club . the defender is out of contract at the end of the season . but owner Ann Budge insists the newly-promoted club have no need to sell . Virgil van Dijk has attracted the attention of sunderland and Southampton .
Darren Cole's cousin was found dead in a street in florida last weekend . the 22-year-old was on holiday with his family when he was found with a head injury . livingston face alloa in their first national final in 11 years on sunday .
the 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins on a two-and-a-half-year deal . he will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese . weyman announced his retirement due to injury last month .
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb . it is believed the lamb was shipped to a company at Darwin airport . officers decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana . the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold .
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and dislocated ankle in 2006 at anfield . he was travelling to hospital after attempting to block a free-kick . reports circulated that fans tried to disrupt his journey to hospital . but he has rubbished claims that fans attacked the ambulance .
davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State, was arrested last month on domestic violence charges . his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car . after his arrest, Durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion . on tuesday, the 19-year-old held a press conference on campus declaring that her assault story was 'completely
verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
de Bruyne has scored nine goals and has 16 assists this season . the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the second-placed club . but Bayern's Franck Ribery says he is not the right type of player . he says his counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of pep guardiola .
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel . the 24-year-old has played 48 games for club and country this season . he has missed just five matches and is an ever-present in the premier league .
former premier league defender says he has 'moved out of marital home' he tried to kill himself two days after being arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . 35-year-old stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york in december . he suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee .
Cesc Fabregas captained his country in 2-0 defeat by Holland on tuesday . spaniard struggled to make an impact in midfield in the defeat . the 27-year-old's form has significantly dipped from that of the player who, around Christmas, looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists .
andros Townsend scored the equaliser in the 1-1 draw with Italy . the 23-year-old was taken off after 30 minutes against manchester united . he later tweeted to his 285,000 followers: 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad'
ex-bristol city and wolverhampton winger was declared bankrupt last year . the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors . he told a hearing he is now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family' .
shoppers of Swansea are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid, followed by those in Aberdeen (42 per cent) and Belfast (39 per cent). the most cautious spenders live in Wolverhampton, where only 19 per cent choose to treat themselves on pay day.
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning . four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, west Midlands . a 26-year-old man and woman of no fixed abode were also held . they are currently being questioned at a police station in the area .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon . he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear .
Charlie Austin and club captain Joey Barton have become good friends . the 25-year-old has scored 15 goals for queens park rangers this season . barton has been relegated with the club before and wants to avoid the drop .
arsene wenger is a disciple of Adam Smith and these are the basic principles of a free market . a cursory glance at wenger’s transfer record shows in his bid to save the premier league from english mediocrity he has signed a number of premier league players . wenger has signed marcos rojo, paul scholes, sami khedira, emmanuel adebayor, luke shaw
the video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria . it shows a huntsman spider crawling out from under the door handle . the spider drops onto the road and retreats underneath the vehicle .
south Sydney hooker Issac Luke is under investigation by the NRL integrity unit . the 27-year-old made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on saturday . he had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in sydney . but he hit back saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters'
in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror . the depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes . artist Dave Poulin has declined comment .
NORWICH beat hampshire 2-0 at the amex stadium on saturday . a second-half goal from Bradley Johnson gave the visitors the lead . the result takes NORWEICH to 11 wins from 16 - a magnificent return .
police report that they found James Oliver, 48, in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night . they said that the pair had argued inside the home after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl . the 12-year-old girl did not require medical attention, officials said .
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining . massimiliano allegri has guided the club to a fourth straight Scudetto . allegri replaced Antonio Conte last summer after being sacked by ac milan .
Mauricio pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta . the argentine has scored just two goals for the club this season . he insists he will be there to help him when things don't go to plan .
Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the nou camp . the former midfielder insisted that the frenchman won't be moving anywhere . but he also expressed his relief that Juve didn't draw the catalans in the quarter-finals of the champions league .
the 25-year-old's contract at fiorentina expires in June . a move for the former atletico paranaense keeper never materialised . but he looks certain to leave the serie a champions in the summer .
a video shows a $50,000 sports car flying out of control as it speeds from a green light in canada . the car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt, a total wreck waiting for the tow truck .
former soldier stole £17,000 from the club where he volunteered as secretary . he claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord . the 31-year-old spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday .
sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up . wes brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem . massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery .
if he wins the Masters, it will complete a life-long journey for the world's best golfer . the video chronicles his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world . 'there's always going to be highs and lows,' says the northern irishman .
Sergio Garcia is focusing on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 . the 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at augusta . he is comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the open .
Johnny Sexton wants to fill the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro . the 29-year-old has helped his country reach the knock-out stages of Europe’s elite event for the first time . he has played in 11 knockout games in continental rugby and won the lot .
Mustafa Kamal has stepped down as ICC president . he accused india of influencing the outcome of a cricket world cup match . Kamal said he spoke as a fan, not the president, but the ICC asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .
spurs face burnley in the premier league on sunday at the etihad stadium . defender Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment up against Sam Vokes . the pair were part of the team which beat Israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier .
allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle united manager in 2007 . the pair will be reunited when westham face Leicester on saturday . Pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season . in February, he grabbed crystal palace's James McArthur by the throat .
head coach says he will 'whip' his players to motivate them . 'in the last four games sunderland have out-worked us,' he said . carver was assistant to Alan Pardew during that wretched run .
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals . 10 of those were decisive in changing games in the relegation zone . if it weren't for his heroics, the magpies would have been two points ADRIFT of their rivals sunderland .
sunderland host Newcastle at the stadium of light on sunday . the black cats have won their last four derbies against the foxes . but skipper John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win .
mark Hughes insists his side must end their run of fruitless trips to the club . the former premier league champions have lost on every occasion . a 1-1 draw between the two sides in 1984 has kept them in contention . click here for all the latest transfer news .
'controller' Lee Cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension . the 27-year-old was unavailable for his first game in charge of sunderland . he was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on sunday .
UEFA confirm their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of competition . the last time Celtic reached the champions league group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m . if they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier .
Lionel Messi is set to be fit to face Celta Vigo on sunday . the argentine has been training after recovering from a foot injury . nolito has urged the Argentine to stay away from the spanish side .
a letter from director of football Nicola Salerno has suspended his assistant . he is understood to have been told he will be suspended until the end of the season . an option to renew his contract will not be taken up by the club .
'if you do really well in the championship and the players excel then there is going to be interest,' admits boss . 'there is a realisation that bigger clubs can come in and take them,' says Neilson .
ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall have brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management . templeton praised the impact the former motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month . the ibrox winger said that 'every boy going into a game knows what they have to do'
the 20-year-old is currently on £35,000-a-week at the anfield club . but allardyce believes a bumper deal could unsettling the rest of the squad . the west ham boss feels paying more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was offered would lead to the youngster's team-mates demanding more . he says there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available .
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games . the 31-year-old Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion . he is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments against sunderland .
blackpool are in talks to sign defender Thomas Piermayr . the 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids . he had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 .
theo walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season . the winger's contract is set to run out next summer . but the gunners legend says it would be a 'shame' to see him leave . he also believes he should have been moved into a similar position .
the 20-year-old has struggled to replicate the impressive form he showed for the reds last season . he has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters . the wideman has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield .
Sehrou Guirassy and gnaly cornet scored for the young lions . but a late response from Patrick Roberts wasn't enough . a swirling wind in Normandy made playing conditions difficult .
the 21-year-old midfielder has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees . he has had a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty . but he is ready to kick on again after two substitute appearances for the three lions against Lithuania and Italy .
west brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke . baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season . manager Tony Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market .
Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield will leave rugby league at the end of the season . the 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract . castleford head coach daryl Powell has a word of warning for his former team-mate .
referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry fans . a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles . police are taking legal action against two people involved in the incident .
the clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans . it is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough . many of the people break down in tears as they read the hurtful comments .
the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players . protect, inform and prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law . four current and former Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013 .
George Boyd is the barclays premier league's hardest working player . the winger has run the distance between burnley's Turf Moor ground and crystal palace's Selhurst park . boyd is joined by his team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half .
former manchester united midfielder was sent off in 1-1 draw in porto alegre . he shoved ypiranga striker Otacilio neto off the ball to earn a red card . his team-mate Fabricio was also sent off for retaliating with an elbow .
sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain . the 20-year-old has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract . players' chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended him for postponing talks .
five-month-old baby was found dead at her home in Perry Barr, Birmingham . her father, 25, and mother, 25, were arrested by west Midlands police . baby was taken to hospital but died hours later .
dug the pug was hiking in Fontana, canada, when he heard a rattling sound . his face swelled to twice its size after he ran up to the rattlesnake . he was given an entire vile of venom antidote and is ready to go home .
the incident took place in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai . a case has been registered under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) of the Indian Penal Code .
pro-Ukip businessman is behind bid to defeat 'golden boy' tory candidate . he forced Liam Fox to resign as defence secretary in a vendetta . businessman has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox .
Jose Mourinho left Chelsea in 2013 to rejoin his current club in 2013 . rumours of bust-ups with senior players including captain Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and pepe . but defender alvaro arbeloa says real's door will never be closed to bringing the combustible Portuguese coach back .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board . the 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board in the rain . it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of Christ on hot cross bun .
the 44-page guide was commissioned by executives at the BBC . they then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used . emboji designers were also told to make graphics for popular stars . bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the guide this week .
mancini was furious with his players' attitude during 1-1 draw at home to Parma . he ordered his players into an early morning training session on sunday . the club confirmed on their website that the players had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon . the gunners went on to win 4-1 at the white hart lane . manager brendan rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four .
ex-manchester united and england defender's expired passport was listed on ebay . the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on thursday . but the seller was open to offers, asking potential buyers to 'make me an offer' .
ondrej duda scored after the interval to give the hosts a 1-0 win . it was the 20-year-old midfielder's second international goal . a header by Slovakia's defender Martin Skrtel flew just wide of Tomas Vaclik's goal in the 33rd minute .
Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season . the real madrid forward posted a video singing along to Tupac's track 'Check Out Time' . he is confident he can win the ballon d'or award during his career .
striker Sergiu Bus opened the scoring for the hosts in the 86th minute . Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute later for his side . the result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games .
the 23-year-old scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on good friday . it was three years ago when he was spotted playing part-time in a mud bath . a three-month loan at northampton has turned him into a revelation .
the crash happened on Easter Sunday night in northern Sydney . the 1973 E-Type Jaguar was completely written off when it came up against the Toyota Kluger . nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .
on Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . he surprised her during her P.E. class with a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift . the night before the promposal, Moses texted Ellie's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled .
residents from dongying city carry gas in bags as long as six metres . fears that any contact with naked flame or even cigarette could spell disaster . reckless behaviour reported in 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong .
a new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes . the graph, created by Facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country . with the exception of those aforementioned Yankees, Red Sox and recent World Series champs San Francisco Giants, most teams only get support near their home field .
'Hello everybody. this is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head . 'this is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said . the real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation .
university of mississippi student filmed biting the head off a live hamster . video was filmed during a drunken spring break party in florida . he has been expelled from his fraternity and submitted for mental health tests . his stepfather and mother have branded his actions 'disturbing' and disappointing . it comes after Phi Delta theta openly condemned his actions and expelled him .
artist John Bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11 . over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . at the age of 30, the artist from denton in texas was completely blind . despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him painting .
silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her family's home in north london last year . she is accused of plotting to join the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) protestors gathered outside the old bailey with banners and flags .
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted during his side's 5-1 win over Fenerbahce . the 30-year-old was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem . he is currently on loan at caykur Rizespor from german side Werder Bremen .
qpr face west brom at the hawthorns in the premier league on saturday . the foxes are 19th in the table, four points adrift of sunderland . 'i would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country,' says raheem sterling .
Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . former Holland assistant coach Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday . the Caribbean island team will face Cuba in the next round on June 8 and 16 .
former world no 1 spotted practising at augusta on tuesday . he has not played since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open . but there has been speculation he will return for this year's first major .
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford all rested for last week's win over Scarlets in Llanelli . but they have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the clash . the south african has named his strongest XV heading into the quarter-final .
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket . the 37-year-old scored four successive centuries against south africa . he will continue playing Test cricket for the rest of the season .
Moses Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes, some as young as 15 . the 28-year-old is a regular training partner of long-distance running legend mo farah . he said he was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the african cross-country championships last year . they complained he wanted to get them pregnant and then have an abortion . but he says he will have to leave Uganda with his
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on monday . pardew insists city can come from behind again to snatch the title . the eagles are currently six points clear at the top of the table .
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on saturday . on-loan spurs midfielder Tom Carroll is definitely out injured . Leon Britton and defender Kyle Bartley are both back in training . Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad .
Hull city have reapplied to change the club's name to Hull Tigers . initial request was blocked by the football association by 47 votes . but manager Steve Bruce ahs has revealed owner Assem Allam is keen . he has ruled he can make a second application to change his name .
esteban cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . the midfielder signed a one-year deal at the King power stadium . he won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010 .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico when his season-long loan ends . the 26-year-old has impressed this season on the south coast . defender has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the premier league .
Diego Costa may not be risked following hamstring injury . defender marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a calf knock . striker featured in last week's euro 2016 qualifier against hull .
Swansea host Hull at the liberty stadium on saturday . garry monk is out to claim a season-first point after an international break . monk's side are currently eighth in the premier league table .
Celtic defeated st mirren 1-0 in their premiership clash at stamford bridge . a second half tap-in from James Forrest gave the hosts the lead . but a late penalty from Stefan Johansen sealed the win for the hosts .
hearts host Rangers at Ibrox on sunday in the play-offs . the edinburgh club have won three league games this season . a 2-0 success at Easter Road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for Rangers .
the 2002 world cup winner is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers . the former brazilian says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi . he is also a target for former barcelona and real madrid striker's team .
a fourth straight Serie A title is Juventus' for the taking . they beat Empoli 2-0 to establish a 14-point lead at the top . Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli .
fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 on a rain-drenched pitch in serie a . former westham midfielder Alessandro Diamanti struck just after the hour mark . on-loan Chelsea winger Mohamed Salah added a second just two minutes later .
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the barclays premier league title . the spaniard believes the blues have shown their strength by staying top of the table since 'day one' the defender and his team-mates sit six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester city with a game in hand .
de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed . the midfielder is one of the hottest prospects in european football . he has been linked with a move away from the german champions .
new Zealand international Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal . the 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the all blacks . he has played for the blues in new zealand since 2012 .
wing knocked unconscious three times in recent months . he was assessed by a neurologist on tuesday and will not play this weekend . northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder is not unduly concerned .
Mohamed Diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury . the midfielder signed for £3.5million from westham in the summer . but he is set to return for the trip to the etihad stadium on saturday .
the 22-year-old midfielder is on loan at the etihad stadium from spurs . he scored the only goal as the u21s beat the Czech Republic 1-0 . Carroll has made 18 appearances for the swans during his season-long loan .
winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury . but he is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals . 'this situation is difficult, but I have to be at 100 per cent first,' he said .
Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle in training . defenders Franck Ribery, arjen Robben and Javi Martinez are all out . manager pep guardiola has warned that the whole team has to work together .
Alvaro Morata signed a five-year deal at the italian giants last summer . the 22-year-old started just three games in la Liga for real last season . his agent beppe bozzo says he is happy at the club and has no interest in joining real .
veteran defender has backed his manager to one day take charge of the team . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before taking on the likes of united and chelsea . burnley face a tough test against spurs in the premier league on sunday .
Brentford beat local rivals Fulham 4-1 at craven cottage on saturday . mark warburton's side move up to fifth in the championship on 69 points . a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota secured the win .
Jos Hooiveld's late goal earned millwall a 2-1 win over south London rivals . the result moved millwall up to 22nd in the sky bet championship table . it was the Lions' first win at the den since october .
despite more than 30 premiership and championship games, large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works . every single major artery on Britain's railways was shut down . no trains ran between England and Scotland or Wales on the east coast, west coast or Great Western mainlines .
Grupo OAS is trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador . the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras . an economic downturn, government austerity and a slumping currency have also taken its toll .
13 senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 world cup . the senators said they 'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition . 'allowing Russia to host the World Cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the (Russian) president Vladimir) Putin regime,' they wrote .
Mauricio pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play for the under 21s . the 21-year-old frontman will be in gareth southgate's squad for the tournament . he will also travel to australia and Malaysia this summer .
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season . both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed with the race for the champions league prominently featured . Chelsea vs Liverpool on may 10 and Manchester United v Arsenal on may 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch .
the Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by a father-and-son team as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat . it was pieced together by bill and Scooter Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown at air shows around the country . 'every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and those who gave the ultimate sacrifice,' they say .
the aircraft came down in the carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo . one of the victims was Thomaz Alckmin, son of the city governor . no one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was devastated .
hatchback was designed to help french farmers transport sheep to market . it now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk . seven of the top ten sellers last year are classed as hatchbacks .
andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute against burnley . the midfielder hit back at the former arsenal man on twitter . 'when i'm wrong, I hold my hands up. i don't have a problem with that,' he said .
'i did something I shouldn't have done with Zavala,' says the 34-year-old . 'we exchanged shirts after the game, we spoke and that's it over,' he says . the incident was reminiscent of a bite on italian Giorgio Cheillini .
almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as their new manager . the 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on sunday . barjuan spent nine years at Barcelona as a defender and played in two world cups for Spain .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season . he now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues, including nine in the english premier league . there are nine teams in the barclays premier league who have managed fewer goals than the world's best player .
both sides ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan . both sides finished with 12 men as tempers flared during the match . weller hauraki and John Bateman were sent off for trading punches .
a long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a shock win . the win condemned saints to a third straight defeat .
2,000 travelling fans sang anti-IRA songs during friendly draw with Italy . it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters as we look ahead to June’s friendly with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin . there is barely time to catch our breath before England’s 3,000 supporters head to the Aviva Stadium for the first fixture against the republic of Ireland since 1995.
sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting xi . if everyone is fit, let us know your XIs by posting them in the comments section below . it's important to keep Wayne Rooney in a more central position .
a man, known only as 'john', posted an advert in his local newsagents . it reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover' anonymous man then posted a picture of the ad on a facebook account . the post has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer-by .
helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener . goalkeepers par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured . emergency stopper kept a clean sheet .
Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault . the 34-year-old was led away by police after his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester . he is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff city centre .
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn bridge . tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in Rome . the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at Rome's main prison in a pre-Easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve .
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park (monday 8pm) marouane Chamakh and fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury . but skipper Mile Jedinak is ruled out through suspension . manuel pellegrini's side have no serious injury concerns for the game .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou Diaby a new contract . the french midfielder made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday . he has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the club . wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving defender Tomas Rosicky .
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 premier league goals last season . but this season, they have struggled to fill the void left by suarez . they are missing a Harry Kane (19 goals), Diego Costa (also 19), Sergio Aguero (17 goals) and even a Charlie Austin (16 goals)
Alan Pardew called manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a premier league match between Newcastle and man city back in 2014 . the former crystal palace boss has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive . after taking advice from the league manager's association, the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer Jeremy Snape .
jose mourinho's side are nine points behind leaders manchester city . both sides have eight games left to play in the premier league . defender insists his side are still capable of winning the title .
police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field . they initially dismissed the call and assumed it was an April Fools prank . but when the caller provided 'very believable' answers, they realised they were telling the truth . the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
twitter users were quick to identify the blunder . philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time .
qpr beat west brom 4-1 at the etihad stadium on saturday . the win ended a five-game losing run for the west london club . aston villa host the premier league champions on tuesday night . click here for all the latest premier league news .
aston villa are without a trio of key players for their key game against queens park rangers . winger Alan Hutton limped off in the 3-1 defeat at old trafford on saturday . marcos rojo is also out with a knee injury and will miss the game .
south Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the ANA Inspiration . the 22-year-old is three shots clear at the halfway stage of the competition . world no 1 Lydia Ko carded her second consecutive over-par score .
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration . the 17-year-old tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 . she has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events .
former world no 1 has confirmed he will play at the Masters . but it would be a 'disaster for everyone' if he limps out . woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in 19 years .
Spectators have flocked to the small suburb of Humble for the Shell Houston Open . local boy Jordan Spieth has also impressed in the run up to the Masters . fellow american Phil Mickelson is one stroke behind at halfway .
south Korea's Kim Sei-young shot a seven-under-par 65 on friday . the 22-year-old surged into a two-shot lead in the second round . overnight leader Morgan Pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 . Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds ended .
serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 to reach the semi-finals . world no 1 will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final .
aljaz bedene is currently ineligible to play in the Davis Cup . the world no 83 has expressed his desire to make the switch . but Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking .
world no 4 defeated 21 year-old Austrian Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 . the scot is into the semi-finals of the Miami open in florida . he is awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco .
Carla Suarez Navarro defeated three-times champion Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 . the spaniard set up a semi-final clash with ninth seed Andrea Petkovic . petkovic beat 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4, 6-2 .
Novak Djokovic beats Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (7/7) 7-5 6-0 . the unseeded serb will face david ferrer in the quarter-finals . british no 1 and fourth seed kei nishikori also through to the last eight .
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national . the eight-year-old had been expected to partner Sam Winner in the £1million race . but the champion trainer said it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding .
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at rodney parade . wing Hallam Amos, replacement Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones brought the dragons back from a big deficit . the draw could not have set-up a more mouth-watering Welsh clash .
bath face leinster in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday . the foxes lost 19-9 to the irish side at the Aviva last month . england's leading quartet have a point to prove in the iraq game .
alfonso Thomas will coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League . veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle . he is not yet fit for Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture .
the off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during the failed world cup campaign . he was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad . but he is planning to join up later in the month-long tour of the west indies .
the 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns . the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the Kings host the new Orleans pelicans .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on saturday . the win moved them up to second place in the table . manager arsene wenger believes things are finally starting to come together . he said: 'you can see that, you can't cheat on that, people smell that'
Mauricio pochettino has praised goalkeeper Michel Vorm's attitude . the 31-year-old played in all of the capital one cup games except the final . he will deputise in place of hugo Lloris at the etihad on sunday .
leigh Griffiths was on the bench during the first 10 minutes of the game . the striker was caught on camera enjoying a Tunnock's Tea Cake . despite not starting for the Bhoys, he looks content with the treat .
the club have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor . interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for the decision at the door of the club's previous board . there is also the possibility of legal action from former football board chairman Sandy Easdale .
sunderland host newcastle united at the etihad stadium on sunday afternoon . the match is billed as 'the desperation Derby', not the 'donkey Derby' . it is little wonder they have scored four times between them, conceding 22 . unless new manager Dick Advocaat can reverse the slide, they will be back in the championship come august .
porto have received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years . 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds . the majority of these deals have involved south americans .
Lionel Messi was left out of both of argentina's games during the international break with swollen foot . he faces tests on Thursday to determine if he can play against celta on sunday . the argentine has been labeled a 'doubt' by his team-mate and team-mates .
River Plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel Falcao . the argentine has struggled on loan at old trafford this season . river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dream of falcao' and that 'the doors are open'
the los Angeles Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken . meanwhile, Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the eastern conference . the east-leading Atlanta Hawks lost to Detroit 105-95 .
Brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england aged 16 . the 42-year-old was on the books at Reading where he was captain of the youth team . he believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle the likes of Raheem Sterling .
the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club . the interview was conducted without the club's consent and 'surprised us all', but rodgers said that sterling was still young and that they were a 'superpower' in world football . he added that the club didn't have to sell their star assets before saying that Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football'
Jamie Carragher jetted out to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s . the former defender watched the tournament in Girona, northern Spain . he cheered from the sidelines as the youngsters drew 1-1 with CE Mercantil .
half-back charged with making dangerous tackle on Brett Ferres . he could be banned for up to eight matches following the incident . the rugby football league's match-review panel viewed the tackle as dangerous .
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm in the 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion . the midfielder hadn't played for the german side since march 2014 . he has thanked the club, coaches and his team-mates for their support .
real madrid star James Rodriguez will start against Granada on sunday . the midfielder broke his foot on february 4 and needed surgery . he is expected to start alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and gareth bale .
the 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million . he has been on loan at the etihad stadium this season . the full-back wants to see if there are other options before signing .
daryl Clark left castleford at the end of last season . the hooker has kept a close eye on events at his boyhood club . he is expected to recover from a busted nose in the defeat at widnes .
former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals . the red Devils secured back-to-back wins with an 18-12 victory at the John Smith's Stadium . Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe .
the Warriors came out on top 12-4 in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd . it was a second successive defeat for saints, who began the season with six wins in a row . winger Dom Manfredi went over for a try after just 52 seconds .
the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans . but Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form . their losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of winger Matty Russell with a leg injury .
the squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night . but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for the side to take an extra night's stay . players from manchester united, man city, everton, liverpool, aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs .
andros Townsend scored his third goal for his country against Italy . the 23-year-old has been sent out on loan to nine different clubs . he has scored as many goals for the england winger as he does in the premier league for spurs .
Graziano Pelle scored in 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium . the 29-year-old has not scored in the premier league for the saints since December 20 . 'i wanted to score another but unfortunately it didn't happen,' he said .
Joe Hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' the italian won his 147th cap against his country on tuesday night . the 37-year-old is desperate to add to his 50 international caps .
la gazzetta dello sport have scored five out of 10 for the england forward . theo Walcott received the worst rating with five for his performance . 'conte wins, Italy almost wins' headline reads 'bring Pelle back to Italy' .
five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the super slide' at the Sydney royal Easter show . the 52-metre slide was closed earlier that night due to fears the heavy rain would make it particularly slippery . a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding . three of the eight contractors escaped without injury .
the national union of teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend . the ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September .
Zara Tindall, 33, is a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby during last September's invictus games . she pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along while striking a series of poses for the cameras . the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire .
the tortoise casanova is seen teetering on the back of a female's shell . but instead of getting lucky, the aroused reptile loses its balance . he then crawls across the grass of its enclosure before getting up .
the champions of england were smashed into submission at the Stade Marcel Michelin . the result exposed the vast gulf in clout between the Aviva Premiership clubs and their rich French rivals . noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time and Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try .
arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but he didn't go because his family wanted to stay in germany . the 26-year-old spent five months on loan at real madrid and at liverpool .
Antonio Nuez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday . it escalated, and at 4.15am nuez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind .
residents of a Dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage . surveillance video shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe . the suspect is described as a Hispanic man who was wearing shorts, a white shirt and a baseball cap .
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds at the end of the season to join Yorkshire Carnegie . the 34-year-old is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points . former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith says he was 'shocked' by the decision .
manuel pellegrini admits the academy's youngsters are not ready for first-team action . the defending champions have failed to produce regular homegrown first team players since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata . 'it's important to be patient. this club build all these things because young players are important,' he says .
lamb pecks away at lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . duckling appears as though it is about to walk away when it drops to ground . 'what could be mistaken as pecking is actually a heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
macNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials . the video shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion .
police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an ATM from a gas station last Friday morning . one distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine . once the cord is attached, the vehicle speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount and dragging it across the tarmac .
alliss, 84, said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women's membership . some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . but the Equality Act 2010 ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
the property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 . the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls . it fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the Cold War but now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home .
the last four managers to have won the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year – three sacked and one retired . manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may . chelsea remain nine points adrift of leaders liverpool, who retain a game in hand .
Carlisle united lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley on saturday . manager Keith Curle has laid into his players following the defeat . he said some players 'don't deserve to be professionals' .
mailonline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world . the story was of course a hoax but it managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering .
Oscar has a capital one cup medal to his name this season . the 23-year-old also scored in brazil's recent 3-1 win against France . scouts from Serie a giants Juventus were present to watch Oscar in action .
leighton baines and Luke garbutt visited alder Hey children's hospital . the pair handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs . baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children .
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's madejski stadium . the fan ran topless onto the pitch and performed a series of somersaults . he did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . but he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
arsenal playmaker posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog . the german impressed as the gunners beat gerogia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier . he missed his last game against Newcastle through illness . but he is expected to start against liverpool at the weekend .
sportsmail's Jamie Carragher accused Yaya Toure of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick . the £200,000-a-week midfielder was part of a five-man wall at the time . 'that's not acceptable when you go into a wall,' said carragher .
Lionel Messi suffered a foot injury in barca's 2-1 win over real last month . the top scorer in la liga should be fit to face Celta Vigo on sunday . barca are four points clear at the top of the table with 10 games left .
Greg Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo . when the watches were recalled, Dyke initially refused to hand his back . he promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, breast cancer care . but with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch, FIFA's ethics committee has now closed proceedings on the matter .
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham forest against Brentford . the 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender des . he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far .
veteran broadcaster says attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'caused mayhem' claims the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open . 84-year-old admits the corporation could not compete with Sky's deep pockets .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth, over the weekend . far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage .
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north . but on Tuesday evening his brother received a call from John saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks .
four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air . his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne .
Lucy Garrod, 27, woke up one morning with an itchy and irritable right eye . she feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree . but she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours .
the former-Chelsea defender limped off after 35 minutes against Marseille . he was caught by a stray leg, and signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . reports suggest it was a muscle pull, and he will have scans on monday .
the critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .
slow-motion footage shows the pooch licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . however, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
snowstorm engulfed a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds . the event took place in siberia's third largest city, Krasnoyarsk . snow and sleet plunged the Yenisei River into darkness .
the balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground . the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket plummets . three people were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are in a stable condition .
australian goanna filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under a minute . the two-metre long reptile balances at the top of a towering power pole . gonannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of over-sized prey .
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple . the pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers . one of them underwent gender reassignment surgery to become a woman . they reunited at a party years later and are planning their dream wedding .
loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to the island for a three-day break . but the 37-year-old was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . her biometric ID card was stolen and she was left stranded for two weeks . the mother-of-four has placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of airline .
the world no 1 is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam . he was on the cover of men's health magazine and is 'obsessed' with the gym . three-time Masters winner sir Nick Faldo said he is concerned about the weights .
residents in alderholt, Dorset, woke to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps . the bunny delivered the eggs to every house in the village of 3,000 people . residents described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'
notts county have appointed former Tottenham and Hamburg coach Ricardo Moniz as their new manager . the 50-year-old has six games to save his side from relegation to league two . moniz steered red bull Salzburg to Austrian league and cup glory in 2011/12 .
Dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . last win was way back on January 24 against Motherwell . but manager Paul Hartley is refusing to believe that will make his side's job any easier .
aston villa host queens park rangers at wembley on tuesday night . sherwood has vowed to give his friend the red-button treatment . if he tries calling him ahead of the game, they will leapfrog villa . the villa boss has guided his side to an FA Cup semi-final .
Graeme McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National . the 35-year-old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 . but the northern irishman vows to play 'aggressive' golf to improve his record .
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday . the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form . woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last four Masters wins were a decade ago .
Arnold Palmer is unable to play as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder . the 85-year-old will act as honorary starter on Thursday . he will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance at the Masters .
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals . it is the Czech's first meeting with Andy Murray since the australian open semi-final .
the 33-year-old posted a snap of himself posing with a snowball and racket . he was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports . the world no 2 opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on tuesday morning . he showed off a cut on his nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . his double somersault horror fall from the favourite Merrion Square has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with Gloucester . the Chiefs will face either Newport Gwent Dragons or the winner of Sunday's London Irish-Edinburgh encounter . a David Ewers score and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead .
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by the mail on Sunday . documents show his club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone . a fortnight after the shock departure of chief executive Edward Griffiths and three months since the revelation that the north London club are being investigated by premier rugby .
the 29-year-old seamer is back in Test contention after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury . he managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to that, playing a big part for an England side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun . plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint during Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi .
alastair cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready for international cricket return . the 33-year-old has been a rock at no 3 for four years . he was picked for this three-test tour of the Caribbean after fighting his way back into contention .
alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket . the 33-year-old left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba . he was diagnosed with situational anxiety and struggled with stress .
Martin Guptill has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England . the 23-year-old smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup . Matt Henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time .
barney Gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut . the 19-year-old was the youngest first-class wicketkeeper in county history . he said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age .
Jonathan Trott touched down in the west indies for the first time since leaving last winter's ashes tour with a stress-related illness . the 33-year-old has slowly rehabilitated his career with both Warwickshire and the England Lions and is now on the brink of returning to test cricket . renowned sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters said there is no magic cure and that Trott had worked hard to counter his problems .
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new contract with Surrey . the 34-year-old is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship . pietersen is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013, against Glamorgan on April 19 .
all-rounder Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the NatWest T20 Blast . he will join Surrey after the Indian Premier League season ends next month . the 28-year-old will be with the club throughout the season and also as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara .
gymnast won silver and bronze at the 2012 Olympic games in London . he will represent Great Britain for the first time since winning two medals . the gymnast is currently dating former 'only way is Essex' star Lucy Mecklenburgh .
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races . the move is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . 'i think that's a really nice touch, a modern touch as well, from the WEC to take that aspect of racing away,' said chief executive .
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals . the veteran Scot will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui . world no 1 mark selby beat two-time world champion mark Williams 5-2 .
Leicester city host west ham at the King power stadium (saturday 3pm) matt upson is out of the game with an achilles problem . defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by Tottenham before the international break .
Jonas Gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months . the Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer . but he was the visitors' best player - not that he had much competition .
west bromwich albion host queens park rangers at the hawthorns (saturday 3pm) Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for a challenge on Wilfried Bony . Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club westham to regain fitness . darnell furlong is likely to miss out with a calf problem . alejandro faurlin is a long-term absentee with cruciate ligament injury .
west Ham manager Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify through Fair Play . the hammers are currently ninth in the premier league table . but alladyce insists he has not instructed his players to tone down their commitments .
captain Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win over hearts . he was shown a straight red card for fouling striker Osman sow . the incident left the 10-man govan side to fight a rearguard battle in the second half .
if selected on Sunday, ace will form part of a Rangers guard of honour . despite much injury-induced frustration in his three seasons in govan, the winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed .
spanish papers report on the attacking selection that Carlo Ancelotti now has at the club . for the first time since November midfield quartet Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo . the latter is the favourite due to his impressive stats in his debut season at real .
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu . goals from Cristiano Ronaldo (5), Karim Benzema (2), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win . a granada consolation from a gareth bale free-kick from 25 yards secures the victory .
Lyon beat Guingamp 3-1 to move back to the top of Ligue 1 . it was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain . two quick-fire penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat Bastia 3-1 .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli . goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis saved shot after shot by the visitors . 'to win in front of our fans fills us with pride,' said de santis . residents of the entire campania region that includes Naples were barred from buying tickets for the match .
the fierce rivalry between Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade . it reached its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley . a Bayern win would confirm what we already know, that they will be champions for a third successive season . but a Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead .
fighting between rival fans forced a match between arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on sunday . the match was stopped after 31 minutes after fans broke down barriers and threw chairs at law enforcement officers and stewards .
striker Robin van persie ruled out of aston villa game with an ankle injury . defender Jonny Evans sits out fourth match of six-game ban for spitting at papiss cisse . captain Ron Vlaar could return to the villa squad after shaking off calf issue . click here for all the latest premier league news .
Hull are 15th in the premier league, three points off the relegation zone . they have lost five of their last eight matches against top sides . but midfielder David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight .
arsenal host liverpool at anfield on saturday at 12.45pm . everton host southampton at the etihad stadium on sunday . manchester united host aston villa at loftus road on tuesday night . west bromwich albion host queens park rangers at the weekend .
the premier league returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures . six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win directly following an international break this season . the toffees have won all three of their matches following the international break .
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling about the dangers of leaving anfield . toure used to play for city with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair . he says he is 'quite flattered' by interest from arsenal and chelsea .
the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year . it is eight long, barren years since an english club claimed the top prize in european rugby . despite the presence of four english sides in the last eight of the new champions cup, there is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year.
sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at the etihad stadium . he has been linked with a move to arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend . the england midfielder hasn't been great recently and was awful against manchester united .
the top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 . Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in Sweden . but their 3-0 win over Israel has seen expectations rise that they can claim one of the two automatic qualifying spots and make it to the 2016 finals .
mark Hughes insists he will have money to spend this summer if needed . asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season . the bosnian is set to open talks with a host of clubs over extending his stay .
the 20-year-old rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at the emirates . he said he is focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being . but how much of what he told BBC Sport can we believe?
the 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield . he revealed in a BBC interview that he would have signed for less a year ago . but he admitted it was 'quite flattering' to be linked with arsenal . the reds face arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday .
arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his team . the arsenal boss only makes the final decision on the morning of the game . wenger's methods have delivered three premier league titles and five FA Cups during his tenure at the emirates stadium .
the 20-year-old scored in the 4-0 win over Lithuania at wembley on friday . he is still in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week . the forward is confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club .
the 20-year-old has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . but he admits he is 'flattered' by interest from arsenal . rodgers insists that he will not be going anywhere this summer . he also says that the focus for the moment is on his football .
argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night . striker Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the hosts after eight minutes . javier Pastore doubled the lead before aguero headed home a second goal . it was the second straight win in a warm-up match without Lionel Messi .
Bojan Krkic has picked his premier league team of the season . the striker has been recovering from a serious knee injury . he is scheduled to return to action in the summer . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford united in bristol . he slipped on wet ground following tackle and slammed head on wall . knocked unconscious for five minutes but managed to move himself away . three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . close friend and club vice-chairman: 'it was just a tragic accident'
henyekane was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns . he made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 . the 31-year-old was the only person to die in the crash .
paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since march 7 . the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge until the summer of 2016 . a permanent appointment for the role of national Under 21 coach will be made in due course.
cosmin moti kung-fu tackled CSKA Sofia's Stefan Nikolic . the defender connected cleanly with the rib-cage but the referee waved play on . he saved two penalties during the UEFA champions league play-off against Steaua Bucharest .
Raheem sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at anfield . the 20-year-old started his side's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday . but manager Brendan rodgers insists he will still be a player next season . he also admitted that links to arsenal were 'quite flattering'
the rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media . 'you know when your husband is away in Hong Kong on a very important business trip...' she wrote . she later posted a picture of her husband holding a chocolate bar .
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at promotion-chasing Derby . the 31-year-old said villa were '100 per cent' correct to sack Paul Lambert . he also praised manager Steve McClaren as one of the best he has played under .
fa chairman wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12 . the proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for selection .
the two biggest names at the Masters this week have gone to the same Augusta club member to help them realise their dreams . Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . on friday Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open . the 21-year-old stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start . overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on course .
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the shell Houston open . the 27-year-old is in with a chance of making the masters at augusta . a victory would earn him a PGA Tour card and the last spot in the field . click here for more golf news .
Phil Mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the Houston Open . the american is one shot behind leader putnam going into the third round . Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with a 68 . woods confirmed his participation at the augusta national next week .
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979 . the 27-year-old won the augusta national on his debut in 2007 . he finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster .
first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award . fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the facebook page . they will then be entered into a prize draw to present the trophy to the player .
Michael Carrick made his debut for England against Mexico in 2001 . he has played for the three lions for 13 years, 310 days . the 33-year-old is on course to become the longest-serving outfield player . carrick will be the first non-goalkeeper since the legendary Sir Stanley to have an international career spanning more than 15 years .
'i'm going to turn into the horriblest, most awkward b******d you have ever come across,' he said . the 55-year-old was unflattering after being snapped on holiday in barbados . he has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after seeing the snaps .
investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B . in a march 20 indictment, Brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation .
Mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the FA before approving Harry Kane's involvement in the forthcoming european under 21 championship . the england striker has been heavily linked with a move to the eu21s . he has played for the seniors in recent matches against Lithuania and italy .
barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses . when play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, north Dakota . he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade .
arsene wenger is concerned theo walcott's confidence is plummeting . the arsenal boss will have a heart-to-heart chat with the winger ahead of the crunch top-four clash against liverpool on saturday . he was hauled off after 55 minutes of the 1-1 draw against Italy .
Sir Alex Ferguson won 38 trophies in 26-and-a-half years at the old trafford club . the 73-year-old admitted he had to change his sleeping patterns as he got older . 'people expect to see the same enegy all the time,' he said .
liverpool have made discreet overtures about 20-year-old striker . sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract . the england international admits he's 'quite flattered' by interest from arsenal .
Raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . the 20-year-old scored over 50 goals when he was just 20 years old . he had been named the PFA Young Player of the Year (1998) . there were 18 England caps and he scored a hat-trick in the premier league .
capped rugby star was not at his home in county Antrim when it was targeted . bullets tore through windows and ended up embedded in kitchen and bathroom walls . police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
the 450kg beast was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . it took five days to build and was then warmed up for 48 hours before the big day in north xinjiang .
Sam Tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors . the 26-year-old is interested his former club, where his brother Joel plays . but he insists it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to wigan .
the former Chelsea man pulled up with a hamstring injury against rivals Marseille . scans revealed he will be out of action for at least four weeks . the 27-year-old could miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona .
mark Clattenburg will officiate the derby between united and city . the referee has sent off three players from both clubs this season . city captain Vincent Kompany was sent off during the international break .
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . the 40-year-old said she barely recognised herself in the drawing and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way . she posted pictures of the 5.5L of fat she had removed online .
dr Neil Phillips has died at the age of 83 . he was the team doctor for the 1966 world cup campaign . the service of thanksgiving will take place in his home town of malvern .
four in 10 households now own one tablet, a fifth have two and 11 per cent have three or more . average household now owns 7.4 internet-enabled devices . laptops are second, followed by tablets - with a quarter owning two .
a three metre scrub python bit off more than it could chew when it tried to swallow a family pet cat . the cat had been missing for three days and was getting old and not 100 per cent clear in his little brain sometimes . it wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth .
manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 at old trafford on saturday . the win means united have won five premier league games on the bounce . but manager Juan Mata says his side must take every game as a final .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on tuesday . the father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway . no charges will be filed and the girl was going to turn two this weekend .
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, west Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline . the video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving her today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far .
dayna dobias, 19, from downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
south american duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma . both players feature in the 'Head to Head' production . the video features a mass of fans cheering as they gear up for their cage style encounter .
a Florida woman has been arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through while wearing nothing but a bra and panties, police say . Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald’s in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday . police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away, Kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting
dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic . the young boy goes along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind .
the video was obtained from a store owner in the Richmond Hill section of queens . it shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging a woman from the backseat of a car at around 12.30am on saturday . the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness . police have released a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her .
strike by french air traffic controllers could cause severe delays . easyJet, Ryanair and flybe among airlines forced to cancel flights . new passport regulations could cause queues on roads leading to dover . passengers travelling abroad by ferry or eurotunnel face queues .
the incoming ECB chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever . Graves has become the loose cannon of english cricket and he has yet to take up office . the chairman has created a soap opera that will run and run now Pietersen has rejoined Surrey .
a 20-year-old man has been charged with murder of rugby league player Greg gibbins . he was stabbed in the chest outside a local pizza shop on the central coast . police believe he helped a woman when she was being harassed earlier in the night . it is believed the incident could have been related to an earlier incident .
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo disputed the claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent Sepp Blatter . the former portuguese international was in Egypt at the CAF congress to canvass for votes . he said he did not believe all africa was solidly behind Blatter, who seeks re-election on may 29 .
real madrid host Rayo Vallecano in the la liga derby on tuesday night . the spanish paper focuses on superstar forward Cristiano Ronaldo . he scored five goals against Granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 .
aston villa rescued a point against queens park rangers at villa park . a hat-trick from Christian Benteke secured the win for the home side . the result lifts the relegation-threatened side above burnley .
manchester united host city at old trafford on sunday . united are currently third in the premier league table . the red devils are one point ahead of their bitter rivals . click here for all the latest premier league news .
manchester city were beaten 3-1 by crystal palace on monday night . manuel pellegrini's side are currently bottom of the premier league . city captain Vincent Kompany believes a win against united will help 'rectify' their season .
the 19-year-old won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year . he secured invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015 . but he admits he may turn professional before his grand slam bid . world no 1 has backed the youngster as he ponders when to turn professional .
the world no 1 is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters . he insists he has arrived at augusta ready to do some quality work . the northern irishman won the open at hoylake in july .
the 6-foot-10, hard-serving Isner is the first American to reach the semi finals in Miami since 2011 . he'll next face either world no. 1 Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer on friday night . Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final in key biscayne .
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open . the pair met at the same stage of the australian open in January . fiancee Kim Sears was caught uttering expletives towards the Czech . fitness trainer jez green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray to join the team .
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on Thursday . the 12th seed will play either serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final . it's the eighth time that the spaniard has reached a final in her career .
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual . he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
jockey AP McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship and retire . he has not decided yet whether he is riding Shutthefrontdoor in the £1million Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on April 11 .
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 to reach the champions cup semi-finals . Marcelo Bosch kicked a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the match . the 31-year-old said he was surprised to see Bosch take the penalty . 'i just stayed relaxed and fortunately it went through the posts,' he said .
Argentinian kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth . it was the 31-year-old's finest moment since arriving on continental shores . he was escorted off the pitch by security but his call –penalising replacement lock Fabrice Metz with 10 seconds left – was the correct decision .
Matt Prior has not played for England since he lost his place last summer . the 33-year-old is still recovering from an achilles injury . 'he's out pretty much indefinitely at the moment,' says head coach mark Robinson .
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start . the Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds . he headed off the close attentions of James Ellison by just 0.029secs .
mark Selby beats Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open . world no 1 dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title . the 31-year-old won the german masters title in february .
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA tournament . the Badgers will play top seed Duke at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis . justise winslow scored 19 points and jahlil Okafor added 18 to lead top-seeded Duke to an 81-61 victory over Michigan State on Saturday .
daley spent most of last year battling to master his 'demon' dive . he spent the winter modifying the plunge with new coach Jane Figueiredo . the former world champion won silver at the recent world series in Dubai .
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday . the Grizzlies defence shut down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly . San Antonio stayed within two games of that fight by routing Denver . Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory .
Harry Kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . he drew the attention away from the cold reality of a disappointing display against burnley at Turf Moor . the striker had a bad day at the office by his recent high standards .
bafetimbi gomis doubles home side's lead with a thunderous overhead kick before half-time . the french striker volleyed past allan McGregor and into the roof of the net to double their lead . win brings their winless run to five and leaves them in a right mess .
esteban cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy . the midfielder has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career . 'i understand when i signed for Leicester it's not an easy job to stay in the Premier League,' he said .
daryl Janmaat played full 90 minutes against sunderland on sunday . the 25-year-old admits the derby wasn't good enough for the black cats . he said: 'if you are not good enough, then most of the time, you lose' .
the 29-year-old scored in the 1-1 friendly draw with England on Tuesday . he has not scored in his last 13 premier league games . the striker has thanked his fans for continuing to support him .
former light blues midfielder says he was warned not to take the job . but he insists he has made the right decision to take over at the club . he steered his new side to their third win on the bounce with 2-1 win over hearts on sunday .
sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the goalkeeper . the prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam .
Danny Higginbotham was about to take on aston villa in 2007-08 . assistant manager Roy Keane sat them down in the changing room . but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk . he described the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks' .
winger Vincent Duport ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons' defeat at Hull on march 20 . head coach Laurent Frayssinous says the news is a 'hugely disappointing blow'
Bayern Munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . pep guardiola believes jerome Boateng is one of the world's best defenders . bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the bayern munich clash .
man city have not won a premier league game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years . the last time they won having been in a losing position was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2 . city's goalscorers that day were defender Keith Curle, now manager of League 2 strugglers Carlisle, from the penalty spot and former Brentford boss Uwe Rosler .
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice . the former world no1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form . woods was joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn .
Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs . 'beware the injured golfer' has entered the sport’s lexicon . but who among the lame, sick and wounded is going to confound his own expectations this week? .
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since february . the northern irishman is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career grand slam . defending champion bubba Watson is in a field that also includes young american stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
per Mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after heavy defeats . the german says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality . he was pictured remonstrating with mezut Ozil after the 6-3 defeat by city and 5-1 defeat by liverpool last season .
Amir Khan has announced his next fight will be against former world champion Chris Algieri at welterweight on may 30 . the bolton fighter had earlier come under increasing pressure to take on British rival Kell Brook in June . however, he said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else .
amir Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . british rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year . broner says, 'let's get this money', in the short video of their conversation posted on Instagram .
Freddie Roach has blasted the elder mayweather ahead of the mega-fight . he said he would be far better off preparing for the fight with his uncle . but mayweather Snr has refused to respond to the criticism .
a bruising Florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world’s top 10 . for the past two weeks, the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground . in the first round of the Shell Houston Open on Thursday there were encouraging signs his decline will prove temporary .
the 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 at the ANA Inspiration in california . she equalled former world no 1 Annika Sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row . the top-ranked new Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year .
the world number one is hoping to complete his career grand slam with a victory at Augusta later this month . the 25-year-old has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round . but he believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the masters at some point .
dufner and wife Amanda married back in 2012 - but separated in 2015 . the divorce settlement was finalised on march 31 . as part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses .
Lionel Messi has recovered from his foot injury and should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday . the 27-year-old sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break . a statement on the club's website read: 'the inflammation of Messi's foot has improved' .
crystal palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha's mistakes . the winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over in January . 'if he is going to go, he’s going to have to for a lot of money,' says pardew .
benik afobe has scored 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment Harry Kane of Tottenham and England . the 22-year-old striker doubled his side's advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest's Henri Lansbury . he has nine goals in 15 appearances for kenny jackett's Wanderers .
conor McAleny scored a late equaliser to give Cardiff a 1-0 lead . Pavel Pogrebnyak had given the visitors the lead with four minutes to go . but the result leaves them with lingering relegation worries in the championship . reading face arsenal in their last four clash at wembley on may 18 .
'there's two sides to me. i'm a competitor and a sports person, and I'm also the recipient of two transplants, and i know what that involves,' he said . the 35-year-old veteran is set to tee off this week at the famous tournament on his third . he's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits .
Neymar feels his team's tie with PSG will prove a real footballing 'spectacle' . the brazilian is expecting more fireworks following barca's win over barclays premier league champions Manchester city in the last 16 of the competition .
captain Steven Gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy . the 34-year-old is hoping to bow out in style at wembley in the final . but reds legend Robbie Fowler has warned his players not to focus on the captain . he has also urged Raheem Sterling to end his contract wrangle .
blackburn face liverpool in the quarter-finals of the fa cup on tuesday . blackburn drew 5-0 at home to champions city last season . but winger Tom Cairney has sympathy for the youngster . the 24-year-old says he 'needed something to clean his car with' .
blackburn face liverpool in the sixth-round replay at wembley on tuesday . the underdogs rejected a £12million bid from Hull for striker Jordan Rhodes . 'someone has got to be the hero for Blackburn Rovers,' says Gary Bowyer .
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty early in the second half to put the visitors in front . a win would have moved them level on points with third-placed Marseille . the result sees Monaco remain in fourth place, behind Marseille, Lyon and paris saint-germain .
first-half goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic secured a 2-1 win over championship winners hearts on sunday . 'i'm beginning to trust the players the more and more i work with them,' said Stuart McCall .
keeper suffered gashed knee against Leicester city two weeks ago . he was carried off on a stretcher and missed friendlies against brazil and danish . manager Mauricio pochettino said he is still recovering from injury .
andros Townsend scored in 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin . former arsenal and england midfielder hit back at criticism from Paul Merson . 'that tweet has been going over in my head,' admits winger .
Elliot Minchella has failed to break into the Rhinos squad so far this season . the 19-year-old has made six substitute appearances for the club . he has joined on loan until the end of the season from the london side .
the full-back pulled out of Harlequins' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens . he suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion after being knocked out against wasps on friday night . the northampton wing has been advised not to play again this season . brown is determined not to suffer an extended break .
manuel pellegrini knows his side can ill afford to drop points at home . the argentine has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle . he will try to close the gap between his side and their rivals at the top .
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's team of the day . everton goalkeeper Tim Howard put in a man-of-the-match performance against Southampton . chelsea's MID - Willian (CHELSEA vs Stoke) - 7.5 .
Lauren Hill, 19, is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million . she uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG, a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . but she still made it through a full season with the Mount St. Joseph's women's
research was carried out by scientists at brown university in Rhode Island . it pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever . subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of visual or horizontal lines . they had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared . results showed gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected .
midfielder Joe Allen believes his side have performed well against the big teams . the 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity with captain Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter and the Brazilian Lucas Leiva recently injured .
models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal on a catwalk in Xi'an in north-western china . it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000 .
after beating Tommy Burns in 1908, Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion . a black man had never held sport's greatest prize . white americans cried to find a white challenger . but it would take over six years before he would be defeated .
agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer . the 21-year-old’s future on Merseyside up in the air, even though he is only one season into a five-year contract .
golden eagle filmed gate-crashing a football team's training session . bird gives football a peck before rolling it to the left with its foot . it then successfully rolls the ball back with two feet before deciding to fly away .
the university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21 . the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman 'b****', the same evening . a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave .
Adam Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair cook's opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13 . the left-hander finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards . 'i was over the moon when i was told about my selection,' he said .
the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' 'must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he posted .
manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at home to crystal palace on monday night . city players crowded referee Michael Oliver after Glenn Murray's opener . aya toure scored a stunning free-kick to give the visitors a 2-0 lead . palace had failed to score in their last three league games .
Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles . the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling Manchester city fans when he was hit by a sweet . he reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the city supporters after referee Michael Oliver and his assistant Gary Beswick checked to see if the playmaker was OK .
leinster face bath in the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup . bath are currently fifth in the competition after winning just one of their last five matches . STRENGTHS fronted by captain Jamie Heaslip are armed with international experience .
arsenal boss arsene wenger is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation . he explained that he went out for 30 minutes for a friend's birthday . but wenger said: 'i’m not going soft on discipline. I’ve fined people when they work for us and don’t respect the discipline' .
Keith Curle is one of only four managers in the country's top 92 clubs who has played for england . the former manchester united boss insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career . 'it's the life I want for myself,' he said .
Harry Kane will play for the under 21s at this summer's european championships . the 21-year-old scored on his debut against Lithuania at wembley . he has held talks with gareth southgate about joining up with the squad .
andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with . the pair played for England on Tuesday night in a 1-1 draw with Italy . 'people used to laugh at me but now I think I should get a job as a scout,' insists the former midfielder .
the argentine spent five years with Serie A side Udinese before earning a £30million move to spanish giants Barcelona . Sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season despite being rested for two games with a sore hamstring . 'putting him on the bench is like taking a toy from a child,' says manager Pasquale Marino .
Romelu lukaku has been linked with a move away from everton . the 21-year-old has joined agent mino Raiola on a season-long loan . he has scored 18 goals in the premier league so far this season .
veteran defender is preparing to take on spurs in the premier league on sunday . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before joining burnley for £30,000 in 2004 . he is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of english football .
gareth southgate's squad finished fourth in the toulon tournament last year . the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this summer . aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the Under 20s this time .
liverpool host arsenal at anfield in the premier league on saturday . the reds have won just one of their last five games in all competitions . manager brendan rodgers insists he is 'lucky' to be at the club .
the man, who has not been named, shot himself at the amusement park . he was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me minion mayhem ride . the man was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police say .
carver was assistant to former Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit in 1999 . the Dutchman left out players such as Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson . carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season .
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league . he also admitted that marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable . united currently sit fourth in the premier league, eight points behind leaders chelsea .
Lexi Thompson will appear topless on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest . the 20-year-old is the first pro-golfer to appear on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover . she was the youngest player to have appeared in the women's open at 12 .
real madrid are desperate to nab manchester united goalkeeper David De Gea . but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal doesn't negotiate . the european champions are looking at the possibility of signing petr cech . in italy there is more news on palermo's Paulo Dybala .
the 25-year-old took to Instagram to post a snap of himself and his daughter . he got her a red Ferrari just like his own, before posing with the pair . the left back has made 26 appearances for the south coast club this season .
sunderland host newcastle in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . the black cats were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998 . it is the first time the 67-year-old has played down the significance of the game .
'one in ten are gay aren't they? Fifty-thousand professional footballers, one of them must be,' said lampard . the on-loan man said he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out . he said the game is changing and losing its macho persona .
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend to jet off . the 26-year-old helped Sale to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last weekend . sale are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table .
the 30-year-old scored the winner against sunderland at the stadium of light . he has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats . but he admits this could be his last taste of the fixture which has guaranteed him lifelong worship .
the 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969, six months into his presidency . he entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific ocean . it is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and also boasts several satellite residences for staff .
Remo drew 1-1 with atletico PR in the Brazilian cup on tuesday . the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football .
theo walcott and Raheem sterling are both in contract negotiations with their respective clubs . the pair are at starkly different places in their careers . both wingers have played for the likes of liverpool, arsenal and chelsea .
louis van gaal has revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson . the former manchester united boss is preparing his side for a clash with aston villa on saturday . a win for united over villa could see them leapfrog city into second place .
Neymar and team-mate Dani Alves attended the game with his sister . the pair were joined by the Brazilian's sister Rafaella . barca beat real madrid 85-80 in the euro league on tuesday night .
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern in the ring for the first time in 2015 . the british heavyweight is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts . he has been forced to pull out of a fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates in the premier league on saturday . arsene wenger is delighted that Alexis Sanchez chose to join the gunners . the frenchman has scored 19 goals so far this season . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
arsenal take on liverpool at the emirates on sunday afternoon . the gunners are third in the premier league and six points clear of chelsea . arsene wenger's side won all six matches they played in march . wenger was concerned over forward Theo Walcott's confidence .
northampton lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on fly-half Jules Plisson at Twickenham in the six nations final last month . he has been derided as a thug across the channel and there were cries of protest in these parts, too . the 26-year-old is a laid-back character and was unfazed by the storm he had created .
former manchester united boss tipped brazilian for world's best player . the 23-year-old has been in superb form for both club and country this season . but he insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo .
Juan Mata reveals that Wayne Rooney tells him he can win Euro 2016 in France . the striker has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup in the group stages in brazil . mata has spoken of his desire to earn a recall to the squad .
an 18-year-old inmate at lower buckeye jail in phoenix, arizona, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in . two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them . the inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers, who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground . he suffered a brain bleed and broken bones in his face
villager Xu bought wife for his son, who has learning difficulties . six months later he discovered the couple had not slept together . desperate for a 'grandson', he decided to have sex with her himself . after six months he realised she was likely to be infertile . he tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after failing to get pregnant .
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near bonn, germany . a neighbour heard scratching in newly refitted bathroom four weeks ago . it is thought the animal crawled under floor boards as bathroom was being renovated .
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas county, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
spring-breaker filmed screaming out in terror as harmless sea cow floated past . footage taken with the help of a selfie stick shows her frightened face . manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow to 13ft long and weigh 550kg .
spanish side lost 5-1 to holland at the Amsterdam ArenA on tuesday night . goals from Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen gave them the lead . but it was a lack of composure in front of goal that frustrated del bosque .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to former manager Jose Anigo . anigo managed at the Stade Velodrome on a permanent basis between 2001 and 2005 . the 33-year-old has been compared with Eric Cantona for the second time in the space of a few days .
Cape Verde is a group of islands 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes . around a quarter of the squad are european, although 14 of the 19 players used in Portugal were born on the island .
falcao has scored three goals in two games for his country this season . the striker has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford . he has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time . but he seems to be coping better after a night out in alderley edge .
Cardiff City will have no away fans present at the 3pm kick-off . the club have backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets . both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed if the decision was down to the club or police .
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . at around 3.30pm on march 17 he was agitated when he returned to find the work wasn’t carried out to his specifications . the victim was not on the work site but a contractor told him he would be back shortly .
a 38-year-old man chewed and swallowed an entire glass bottle of beer . paramedics were called to a home in northern Darwin at about 9pm on tuesday . the man's family called royal Darwin hospital at which point he was hospitalised .
reformed party animal Dustin Johnson to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells . henrik Stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low, we're almost empty-handed . paul casey is the most likely to join Rory wright and get into contention come Sunday afternoon .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning . video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch .
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in Seat Pleasant, Maryland . on friday, police arrested and charged 21-year-old lafonzo Leonard Iracks and accused him of killing his friend . he was accompanied by as many as 20 people in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used
wood bison are North America’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago . with the help of corporate and non-profit sponsors, the department moved 50 cows and 50 juveniles aged two or less to the village .
action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off . the contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future . makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive .
warning issued over threat posed by rogue workers in nuclear, transport and public services . co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster . a BA pilot claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks .
trackside TV presenter has gone viral in a hilarious video of him celebrating the outcome of the $2 million Australian Derby . Mongolian Khan with new Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million race .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in southern Mediterranean . rescues made as figures show an increase of 43 per cent of arrivals . three boats were in difficulty off the coast of Libya . coast guard intercepted distress calls from satellite phones .
aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao . the former valencia striker denied his former club a 1-1 draw . a draw moves them above sevilla into fourth place in the serie a table .
sunderland defender Santiago Vergini is keen to stay at the club . the 26-year-old has made 35 appearances for the black cats this season . he made his debut in an FA Cup fourth round clash with Kidderminster .
united travel to old trafford to face city in the premier league on saturday . the blues have never lost five consecutive derbies to their local rivals . united are favourites after registering five straight league wins .
'it's a superstition that I've done all my life and I'm going to keep it that way,' says teen . Grealish made his first premier league start for villa against QPR on tuesday . the republic of ireland under 21 international says he hasn't had a kick on his shin yet .
Tiger Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 . he said: 'have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. no matter what' his children caddyed for him and girlfriend Lindsey Vonn .
Novak Djokovic beats david ferrer 7-5 7-5 to reach the semi-finals . the world no 1 is set to face tomas berdych in the last four . british no 1 will face argentina's sam burgess in the final .
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on cantlow . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin . he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday’s Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor .
rubi light is a definite runner for next week's £1million Crabbie's Grand National . the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch . richie McLernon has been confirmed for the mount on Emma Lavelle’s Court By Surprise .
tryster raced to a three-quarter length victory in the feature Coral Easter Classic . the four-year-old, ridden by William Buick, won 22-1 for his trainer Charlie Appleby . he had previously been successful with Pretend in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes .
Saracens defeated Racing Metro 12-11 in their champions cup quarter-final . the result sets up a trip to the last-four of the competition on april 18 . but argentine centre Marcelo Bosch scored a long-range penalty in the final act .
Munster have signed utility back Francis Saili on a two-year deal . the 24-year-old will link up with the club later this year . he made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013 .
wasps lost 32-18 to toulon in the champions cup quarter-final on sunday . dai Young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap . the £5.5million salary cap is currently on the agenda . young says english clubs can't compete on the european stage .
tries from Ian Madigan and adam lallana gave leinster a tense 18-15 victory . the result leaves bath in the hunt for their first top-flight european semi-final since 2006 . but the english side's indiscipline has floundered in the competition .
'the only thing I can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire,' he says . the right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the 5-0 ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14 . 'if we play the consistent cricket we did last year - which we are capable of - we'll be there and thereabouts again,' says Bresnan .
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and fell short of a century against his own team-mates as England's warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill . the paceman required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . england captain alastair cook watched on as ground staff made running repairs to the crease .
the 19-year-old saw his boyhood club lose twice at wembley in 2010 . he was handed his first start by manager Tim Sherwood in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers on tuesday night . the winger is hopeful of retaining his place for the next game .
crystal palace beat champions manchester city 2-1 on monday night . chairman Steve Parish says he wants to bring in extra investment . but he insists a takeover would be his preferred option . parish says the only reason is to improve the club's infrastructure .
the goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month contract extension . the 35-year-old will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season . crystal palace are on the lookout for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm Neteller ended their partnership .
nearly 4,000 fans turned out to watch an open training session at goodison park on Tuesday . the event coincided with the school half-term holiday as the toffees prepare to face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . first-team players including the fit again Steven Pienaar and Kevin Mirallas took part in the session .
Hull fell to a 3-1 defeat against Swansea at the Liberty Stadium . defender Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up and realise they are in a relegation battle . the Tigers have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .
Leicester City beat west Ham united 1-0 in their premier league clash . a late goal from Andy King sealed a vital three points at the King Power . veteran striker David nugent missed a penalty to secure the win for the hosts .
'if there is one player more than others to watch out for, I'd say it is Sergio Aguero,' says falcao . the striker was speaking at a Puma event ahead of this weekend's derby . he says he is happy at united despite playing bit-part role for much of the season .
the 22-year-old has six goals in 10 games for the toon this season . he is one of five players loaned to the etihad stadium by the foxes . but he admits he does not know where he will be playing next term . the slovenian says he would be happy to talk to the club if they let him go .
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in the 3-2 win over germany . the young midfielder is starting to get noticed after starring for both the england under 21s and the saints . he was speaking in an interview with sportsmail's dominicking king .
Tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane . final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works, is being demolished . the north London club's neighbours fought a long court battle with the club over the development but failed with an appeal earlier this year .
west brom lost 3-2 to queens park rangers at the hawthorns on saturday . a Charlie Austin hat-trick secured a 3-2 comeback win for the visitors . Tony Pulis admits that Joey Barton 'probably had a point' .
the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season . he scored in the 3-2 defeat to manchester united on tuesday night . the goal will push his claims for a first-team debut before the end of the campaign . click here for all the latest westham news .
west Ham took a shock lead with just ten minutes to play . reece Oxford headed home an impressive delivery from Josh Cullen . it was the east Londoner’s first away goal since September .
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership . but the hoops boss believes that is an indictment rather than a boast . teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch .
Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles . but Gary Teale feels the Norwegian's criticism was unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty .
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season . he is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs .
Benzema hails his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' after scoring five goals . it was the first time in his career that Ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match . he becomes only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for the club .
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for villa . the 24-year-old's contract is worth £50,000 a week . but he is set to attract interest if he continues his scoring streak .
alastair cook faces the media at gatwick airport on tuesday morning . coach Peter Moores answered questions about the possible return of Kevin Pietersen . 'from my point of view Kevin isn’t on the radar,' said Moores . pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place .
ander Herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 . louis van gaal kissed the midfielder at half-time after he scored the opener . the dutchman said he was so pleased with Herrera's first goal . united are currently third in the premier league table .
argentine forward has been linked with a number of european clubs . the 21-year-old scored his 13th league goal of the season on saturday . palermo president Maurizio Zamparini says that arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids .
marca have splashed about how Carlo Ancelotti has his 'six nations' available again . the former Monaco playmaker has been out of action since the beginning of february with a foot injury . but he has been named in the starting XI for the visit of Granada on sunday .
boxer Amir Khan enjoyed a day a safari park with his family in northern California . the 28-year-old was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan and his daughter lamysa . he posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger and fed giraffes .
if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip . the news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on Chelsea players for their mid-June friendlies and qualifiers . it is highly likely that those involved in the Copa America would be given permission to miss the tour .
blackburn face liverpool in the fifth round of the FA cup on tuesday . blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play against the reds . the 21-year-old was on loan at Barnsley when the first tie was played .
the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp . last month's defeat of champions Manchester city gave hope that a side rated as pre-season relegation favourites can escape the bottom three . the 43-year-old believes his side are more than capable of avoiding the drop .
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final . president Aurelio de Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . he was furious with the result and blasted the commitment from the team . the result heaps more pressure on coach Rafael Benitez, who has not matched the success of his first season in charge .
leBron James helped his team to a 114-88 win over the heat on tuesday . the 30-year-old also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list . golden state's Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot with less than a second remaining .
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team at Saracens . the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he will play the game . 'when I step off the pitch I will be somebody else again,' he said .
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at the etihad stadium on tuesday night . Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the visitors the lead . but defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time . stewards and police were present at the game but the scenes did not descend into violence .
alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the west indies . cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out .
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott combine impressively for england . the pair came together for the first time since a brief experiment in Bangladesh five years ago in what was a low-key return to work after the embarrassment of their world cup exit .
'i dont care if it is in the hotel or away or at home, I just want to win it,' said the blues boss . 'if we win the title we get the trophy at our house', he said . but 'even if somebody loses the trophy and we don't get it, I am happy with that.' .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates on saturday in champions league . a 2-2 draw in december prompted renaissance into premier league's form team . but a defeat could leave them eight points adrift of the top four .
Olivier Giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march . the french striker became the 16th winner of the award . he joins a long list of his compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player in the english top flight .
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at portman road . a Freddie Jones header from close range gave the hosts the lead . but kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for the hosts .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates in the premier league on saturday . the gunners are five points adrift of the leaders chelsea . manager rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the clash .
five hat-tricks have been netted in this fixture since the inception of the premier league . Thierry Henry scored a treble for arsenal at highbury in 2004 . andrey arshavin has scored three goals in the last five matches .
bas van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits . he wowed the players at the etihad stadium as he showcased his dead-ball skills . the 23-year-old also unveiled his infamous slogan at a press conference .
the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge . 'must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he posted .
mark wood has been called up by alastair cook's side for the test series . the 25-year-old is 5ft 11in and weighs just over 12st . wood is one of the uncapped members of the squad who fly to the Caribbean on tuesday .
Darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour . a photograph of Brad Haddin and James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australian's fifth world cup triumph . the ICC’s failure to censure his team as evidence that they hadn’t gone over the top .
Yorkshire have signed india international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of may . younus was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015 . but the batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential tour party to Bangladesh .
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire . the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England . bell has won five trophies with the club, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012 .
ex-Rangers striker reveals he quit the club after fearing he had AIDS . he joined the club from italian side perugia for £3.5million in 1997 . but a series of injuries destabilised his career including a reserve match against Aberdeen in 2000 .
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner before kick-off . 'it's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led to sterling's protest . sterling struggled to impose himself as arsenal beat liverpool 2-1 .
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on friday night . the former all blacks full-back was hauled away by police after the game . a man in his 30s was arrested at Kingsholm and led to a police van where he was detained .
australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent GST . the move could reel in billions of dollars in additional revenue for the federal government . federal treasurer said the states had agreed to apply the tax to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple . but consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location .
Darren Gough will always be the first man into bat for Kevin Pietersen . the england batsman has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in the ashes squad this summer . but he says there is only a slim chance of his friend returning for England . 'if he isn't selected for the first test against australia then he will probably disappear to the Caribbean Premier League,' he said .
former Celtic striker was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 . the cancer had spread to his brain and lungs at the age of 33 . on the eve of his 40th birthday, he has reflected on his battle with cancer . he admits he had a gambling problem that he faced up to .
a Brazilian website claims to have the new kit for sale on its website . it has the incoming 'yokohama' sponsor on the front of the kits . but it does not have the adidas emblem, the club's kit manufacturer . the alleged new kit can be bought with 'Bale 9' on the back . skeptical Chelsea supporters may also want to avoid a mention of Didier Drogba .
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals with a 4-1 win at the Emirates . goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead in the first half . but a late goal from Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
Massimo Cellino said that majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering a bid . but Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer . the soft drink giants own three football clubs - RB Leipzig and red bull Salzburg .
the former barcelona forward posted a snap of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in new york . the newest franchise in the MLS are currently two points behind city rivals the new york red bulls . new york's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11 .
a newspaper article in 1992 described a young Steven Gerrard as 'outstanding' . the former liverpool captain will leave the club at the end of the season . he is still suspended after stamping on manchester united midfielder ander Herrera .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on sunday . the gunners are seven points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league . arsene wenger insists his team will be ready if they slip . but he says they will have to be perfect until the end of the season .
Harry Kane won his first senior caps for England last week . but he is still eligible to play for the Young Lions at the tournament . 'playing Under-21 football this summer won’t help him. it will just tire him out,' says Kenny Dalglish .
manuel pellegrini admits his side are now in a battle for the champions league places . city have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the premier league title race . the fading champions could find themselves in fourth place if results go against them over the weekend .
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty for first 10 minutes of their lunchtime premier league clash at the Emirates Stadium . supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices . tickets at the sold-out Emirates starting from £64 for the 12.45pm kick-off . a banner inside the stadium read: '£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' .
wesley sneijder launched knife range in Galatasaray colours on 15th anniversary . two Leeds fans, Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus, were killed in Istanbul on April 5, 2000 . a minute's silence will be held before Leeds and blackburn Rovers meet at Elland road on saturday . striker later deleted tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily .
a huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people . deion Sanders, who won the super bowl with both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers while also managing to play in the 1992 world series with the Atlanta Braves, is said to be worth around $40million . his son Deion Jr. enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items on his social media accounts .
analysts at the CIA, NSA, and national counterterrorism center watch pornography all day to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned . agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the 'extraordinary toll' the work can have .
a project by men's face product company west coast shakes up the face of 30 rock bands . each member of history's most esteemed rock bands is blended into one . the merged photo is a 'mashup of sunglasses and facial hair'
the arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force . all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers' .
the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature . the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect's grasp .
brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January for unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country . he then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again .
Jia Binhui, 25, built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest china . he has run out of money for hospital treatment and cannot afford it . claims experts say temperatures above 42C can kill cancer cells .
pizza boxes were filled with mouse droppings and mouldy tomato puree . council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas . owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences .
the 52-year-old football manager said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about football . the father-of-two said his family 'know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger . despite his arrogant persona on the sideline, he claims that he is a good person .
cricket commentator richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . the veteran of 63 Test matches, he played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .
polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip . but only 10 per cent are women, according to the election campaign chief . he said the party is 'lagging' behind with female voters .
body of escort Vanessa Santillan found in a flat in south west london . the 33-year-old was strangled and beaten to death at the end of march . man, 23, arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed . he has been told to return to police station for further questioning .
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second in a 2-1 win over china . the 21-year-old was player of the match when she played for the u.s. in february . reading striker Kirby has 10 goals in her last three club matches .
the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport . the driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital . a statement on the club's website said a suspension of the championship was inevitable .
aston villa host manchester united in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal's side are five points clear at the top of the table . united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield before the international break . but captain Wayne Rooney feels they are on course to qualify .
a letter from richie Benaud to an english fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death . he was just 16 years old when he asked for his advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' 'he detailed reply says everything about the great man,' he wrote .
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford . it was his sixth goal in eight matches for united since being restored up front by manager louis van gaal . united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool who lost 4-1 at arsenal .
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition in Mahwah, new jersey . he saw the errant projectile heading towards him and tried to dodge it . but he tripped over in the process, leaving his left heel exposed . firefighters saw off the shaft of the weapon and took him to hospital .
a letter from richie Benaud to an english fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death . he was just 16 years old when he asked for his advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' 'he detailed reply says everything about the great man,' he wrote .
rodgers made veiled criticisms of the player's agent after the televised interview . sterling has rejected a £100,000 a week contract extension and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season . the england international said he would be inclined to stay at the club if left alone .
chelsea beat stoke 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday night . eden hazard opened the scoring from the penalty spot . but Charlie Adam equalised shortly before half time . loic Remy scored the winner for the blues .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and can balance on its front trotters . heartwarming video shows the young animal wobbling about with its snout to the ground .
talented toddler is believed to be from china and female . she balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves . the youngster is thought to be aged between two and three years old .
middlesbrough are top of the championship with just four weeks to go . they have seven points from eight teams with six matches to play . if they keep winning, they cannot be caught . their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford .
malky mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby on Easter Monday . the 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010 . he will take charge for the first time against Fulham on friday .
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for the hosts in the 24th minute . a Ross McCormack penalty halved the deficit just before the hour mark . it was a first league double for Brentford in 23 years and still the potential for a play-off campaign .
'it's not a personal thing. people have views,' says Peter Moores . former captain Michael Vaughan is the leading candidate to replace downton . 'i love the game and i will carry on doing my job here,' he says . the new man is expected to be a supremo .
all three achieved a great deal while playing for England . all three are well-respected figures within the game . sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . the former borussia dortmund man spent four years at the german giants . he scored the only goal of the game to give his side the win .
the £16million striker was not included in the squad to face arsenal . he took a 'slight knock' in training on friday and did not travel with the team . rodgers revealed the striker did not feel comfortable enough to travel . the italian has scored four goals in 25 appearances this season .
northampton were thrashed 37-5 at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . the result was decided by half-time as the saints amassed a 27-0 lead . a winger named noa Nakaitaci scored his second try for the hosts .
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during 2-1 win over Stoke . the spaniard is likely to miss matches against queens park rangers and man united . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent . the argentine tripped Michael Owen to give away the penalty that David Beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals . four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England this week .
world no 1 aiming for more than trophies, says coach Paul McGinley . 'i'm the no 1 player in the world, i represent the game of golf, am i going to become somebody like Tiger Woods did, an iconic figure in world sport?' he asks . but he says he doesn't want to be a ruthless manager like jose mourinho .
video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .
hibs boss feared there would be unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for their city rivals . 'it's been turned into a lack of respect,' said the manager .
Sam Allardyce's contract at westham expires at the end of the season . co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan are still unsure of his future . the hammers have already beaten their total in the premier league by two points with seven games to spare .
the 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012 . she said: 'it just felt like the right time to retire'
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round . american Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters . Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt .
Danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta on tuesday . the 27-year-old holed a monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th . his brother P J also tweeted about his 'dream come true' .
Arnold Palmer hit the opening drive of the 79th Masters at augusta national . the 85-year-old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder . he took his place alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player as honorary starters .
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open . the world no 1 is aiming to win his fifth title in the tournament . his opponent will be two-time champion Andy Murray .
the duo visited Mercedes' Brackley base in the hope of finding a winning formula . totowolff admitted that he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel's Malaysian grand prix victory . the four-time world champion beat team-mate Nico Rosberg by 8.5 seconds .
reigning formula one world champion stepped on former president's foot . the incident happened at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008 . he said he was 'only two spots away from him' and wanted to meet will Smith .
the german GP was scrapped from the 2015 schedule due to financial problems . the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host it . a short FIA statement said no agreement could be reached with Bernie Ecclestone .
two-time formula one world champion opens up about meaning behind his tattoos . the 30-year-old features on the front cover of the latest issue of men's health . he discusses the physical demands of racing and the amount of training required .
a section of the $40million (£27m) three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix was damaged by the winds on late Sunday and Monday . work has started on repairing the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit .
Jason Robinson: sports life stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on tuesday . the 40-year-old admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan . he was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage which left him considering an attempt on his own life . Robinson scored for England in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia .
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday . Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier . here is former Surrey and England batsman mark butcher's guide to the county championship .
Pakistan haven't played a test nation since the attacks on a team bus in 2009 . six local policemen and two civilians were killed in the attack in lahore . the rest of the two ODIs would be played in the united arab emirates .
new york Yankees designated hitter Alex Rodriguez returned from 162-game suspension . he batting seventh and served as a slugger after admitting to using performance-enhancing drugs from a florida clinic . fans held up signs that read 'forgive' in the crowd on his comeback .
sherwood was sacked as spurs head coach at the end of last season . the 46-year-old has now taken over at the etihad stadium . he revealed he is still in touch with chairman levy .
Jordan Henderson gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes against arsenal . the wing back hasn't given possession more in his last 29 premier league appearances this season . sunderland's John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres at sprint speed .
'it has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I won't forget for the rest of my career,' says Harry Kane . the 21-year-old has also made his first start for the national team . he scored on his debut against Lithuania on march 27 at wembley .
burnley drew 0-0 with spurs at turf moor on sunday afternoon . defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane . clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won the game .
the 28-year-old centre-back has 15 months left on his contract . onuoha was in the starting eleven for qpr's 4-1 win over west brom . he is also interested in everton and westham united .
Andy King scored his 50th goal for his club as they beat west Ham . the 26-year-old believes his goal could prove to be his most important yet . 'it's always nice to score for the only club you've ever played for,' he says .
'even if he hadn't scored the goal, I would still have said he was man of the match,' says manager . esteban cambiasso scored in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up . the 34-year-old has won the spanish and italian league titles .
the incident happened during the derby against Copenhagen on monday . the disciplinary committee of the Danish FA found Agger guilty . he elbowed mattias Jorgensen in the head during the game .
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at the end of the season . the italian is on loan at northampton but he is not on a new deal . Benfica and Juventus are also interested in the forward .
west bromwich albion are set to make a £3million move for Neil Taylor . the 26-year-old has impressed several premier league managers . defender has been an ever-present in Swansea's side this season .
Harry Kane took his time with each of his three attempts from 40 yards . the striker was narrowly over the crossbar each time . it was the same story as round one for the rest before a third go was approved .
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion if a deal is not in place by July . peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200million . he does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season .
queens park rangers beat west bromwich albion 3-0 at the hawthorns . Bobby Zamora scored the third goal of the game with a lob from a narrow angle . Charlie Austin headed in the second goal for his side on the 35th minute .
defender dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . he hopes to return to action with westham before the end of the season . but the defender knows his campaign may be over .
deila admitted that the first six months in charge were tough mentally . the Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys . 'people are insecure and that’s a hard time for the coach and the players,' he said .
the 22-year-old has scored six goals in 10 games since signing for the club . he has scored three goals in his last two appearances for the foxes . the Slovenian admits he would be a great option if he could stay .
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box . the decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in la Liga on Saturday . real madrid have appealed the yellow card shown to their star forward .
'the biggest of the lot is playing Wayne Rooney up front,' says Rio Ferdiand . he praised van gaal for moving his captain further up the pitch . but he also praised the return of midfielders ander Herrera, marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick .
'if he was chocolate, he'd eat himself' is the idiom used in boxing . but the 31-year-old's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight . he has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated record .
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank were involved in a war of words . the pair clashed at a press conference in london on tuesday . they are both set to fight at wembley on may 9 but not against each other .
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season . he has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight . Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer .
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in 2-0 win over cordoba . the victory lifts the champions onto 62 points from 29 matches . atletico can reclaim third place with a win at home to sixth-placed villarreal .
queens park rangers beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday . midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of survival . barton captained his side to a 4-1 win at the 10-man baggies . he is just three points behind 17th-placed sunderland .
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on saturday . pardew believes he can manage one of the top sides in the league . but he has no immediate plans to leave the eagles in the near future .
ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time with a superb second . Wayne Rooney doubled the lead before Christian Benteke pulled one back . but Herrera added his second and united's third late on to secure the three points .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the premier league . united face manchester city in a derby at the etihad on saturday night . click here for all the latest united news .
ander Herrera scored a brace as manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 . the spaniard has established himself in the first team plans of louis van gaal . he was barely sighted during his debut season at old trafford .
Anthony Joshua stopped veteran american Jason Gavern in the third round . the 37-year-old was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in third . but he admitted he was not at his best after returning from a five-month lay-off .
dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against David Price . 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November . his promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that he has been back in the gym for the past month .
winger spoke out about his former managers, ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall . 'he was out of the frame a wee bit under . ally and ally,' he said . but he hinted that they may have been motivated by the player's lack of game time .
king won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the club's boardroom . the south african-based businessman has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers . he was previously a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 .
Celta Vigo defeated celta 1-0 in their premier league clash on sunday . striker Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for the incident . he threw a lump of grass at midfielder Sergio Busquets during the match . the lump of turf struck the spaniard on the back of the neck .
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for the catalans this season . the 35-year-old assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo . manager Luis Enrique insists he has a vital role to play in the treble .
Franck Ribery fell out with then-Bayern head coach Louis van gaal . the 32-year-old says he was told he could be as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to barcelona . 'Real tried, they wanted me. I don't know what price they wanted' .
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games . they face hoffenheim in the champions league on tuesday night . defender Sven Bender says his side need to score more goals .
arsenal forward Antonio di Natale has hailed his former team-mate as the best strike partner he's ever had . the 37-year-old spent five years playing alongside Sanchez at Serie a side udinese . he said: 'if I had to choose one, I'd choose Alexis: because he is a little more concrete' .
alessandro Matri opened the scoring for the hosts in the 21st minute . Roberto Pereyra doubled the lead before defender Leonardo Bonucci added a third . the result sees the old lady progress to the final of the champions league .
a banner taunting the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes between supporters last year caused outcry . a Serie a tribunal stated the banners were 'provocative insulting to the mother' of the opposing team . the club will have part of their stadium closed for the league match against atalanta on April 19 .
defender Kevin Toner is out of contract at the end of the summer . Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke are tracking the 18-year-old . toner has been capped by the republic of ireland under-19s .
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job . malky mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on monday . former Celtic defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .
Celtic beat bottom side St Mirren 2-0 in the scottish premiership on friday . midfielder Stefan Johansen believes his side's title prospects 'look great' . the norwegian scored from the penalty spot on 79 minutes .
a James Forrest strike and a Stefan Johansen penalty secured Celtic's win . but manager Ronny deila was unhappy with the state of the pitch in scotland . the england manager believes there will be no improvement in the pitch .
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts . this year he has simply said to hell with it, let's have some fun . 'the electricity, the tension, the buzz' of the annual trip down Magnolia Lane defines him .
the great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen . 'i honestly believe he is going to do it,' says the south african legend . the 79-year-old is still doing 1,300 sit-ups and squatting 300lb every morning even now .
golfer is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta . he is ranked 111th in the world at present and has won 11 of his 14 majors . the 79th major will be held at the home of golf on tuesday .
Neymar has not scored for the leaders in la liga since february 15 . the 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in the 1-0 win over Celta Vigo . he spent much of the game locked in an unseemly battle with celta fullbacks . barca can stretch their lead over second-placed real madrid to seven points .
manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at home to crystal palace on saturday . the result leaves city nine points behind leaders barclays premier league . a stirker's first goal was scored by Glenn Murray and a Jason Puncheon free-kick . city surrounded referee Michael Oliver to protest after the first goal .
'Ripple' is a two-minute film charting the rise of golfer Rory McIlroy . the northern irishman grew up watching his hero from a young age . he is now favourite to win the masters and complete a career grand slam .
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar's body language 'does not look right' during 1-0 win . former manchester united midfielder says he expects the brazilian to hit the target . despite the win, Fortune says 'neymar has not been himself for the last couple of weeks'
Charlie Adam scored one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to Chelsea . the 29-year-old saw keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line but couldn't stop the strike . 'once in a lifetime this can happen to you,' says the former england international .
captain hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players . the Belgian tucked home a penalty to give the blues the lead from the spot . but a late equaliser from Charlie Adam sealed the win for the visitors .
sterling was just 17 when he was told off by manager rodgers for answering him back at training in 2012 . the winger has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester city and arsenal . he says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber and wants to play his favourite midfield position .
former world no 3 wants to play in the Ryder Cup again . he left the european tour in order to concentrate on his game . but he will struggle to play the 13 events required to earn points . casey says he is 'desperate' to return to the competition . the 44-year-old is currently 44th in the world .
Darren Bent opened the scoring from the penalty spot with a curling effort from the edge of the box . adlene Guedioura equalised for the hosts with 15 minutes to go after a weighted pass from Craig Forsyth . Odion Ighalo doubled the visitors' lead just after the hour mark with 57 minutes remaining .
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games . the club have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years and qualified for European competition in three of the last four years . manager Jackie McNamara is under pressure following revelations about his entitlement to a cut from player sales .
rumours had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship . but the former napoli forward insists he has a respectful relationship with team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic . cavani has been linked with a summer move to the emirates .
Clermont auvergne thrashed northampton 37-5 at the stade Marcel Michelin . the full back was man of the match for the third time this season . he won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 .
video shows a tour guide peddling his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus . the curious birds come close and scatter as the guide leaps to his feet . it's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu .
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer . he will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season . inter milan are thought to be leading the chase for the 25-year-old .
sherwood and Ramsey forged a close friendship at Tottenham in 2008 . the three men will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park on tuesday . 'you can't share team notes. I keep red- buttoning him!' he said on Monday . but if Ramsey's tenure at loftus road proves short-lived he would ask to bring him to villa .
'it's going to be tricky, we're quite a few points behind now,' says Harry Kane . the 21-year-old has 29 club goals under Mauricio pochettino this season . he led out his side for the first time in 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday .
Harry Redknapp insists that Raheem Sterling should focus on his football . the 68-year-old says he is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid . redkapp also concedes that if he wants to force a move, there is little Liverpool can do to stop him .
Brendan rodgers insists that his relationship with Raheem Sterling is as strong as ever . the england forward has not yet signed a new contract at the club . 'never once has he said he wants to leave. I speak to him every day,' he says .
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be . the 20-year-old has rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield . Owen started his senior career at liverpool before moving to real madrid . but he feels that the youngster is not good enough to make the same move to the spanish capital .
sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal at the etihad stadium . the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league . but manager jose mourinho insists he would sell any player who wanted to leave his club .
arsene wenger and Olivier Giroud named premier league players and managers of the month . the french striker scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march . wenger's side sit third in the table, seven points behind second-placed city .
Raheem sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week offer to stay at the club . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the british media on tuesday . he said he was 'disappointed' with his decision to put off contract talks .
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his home when he was sold to Lazio . the then-manchester united manager didn't mention that his son, Jason, stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . but it prompted Roy Keane to explain why a footballer should ‘always look after no 1’ .
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . the women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to the brand . unbeknownst to the women, those criticisms, negative remarks and tirades of self-body-shaming were turned into a script . played out by two actresses, the script was read aloud as dialogue, while the women themselves had been invited for coffee .
twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a canal in Yuma, ariz., on friday morning . they were pronounced dead at a hospital after a police search lasting an hour . detectives believe the boys ended up in the water by accident .
former president accompanied australian tennis player Roy Emerson . he fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . bush is a fan of Associated Tennis Professionals (ATP) world tour 250 events .
Abdul Hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in wembley on wednesday . he had gun wounds to the chest and was replaced by hassan Anyabwile, 53 . his name appears in parliament documents surrounding coup attempt in 1990 . it is thought he was involved in an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago .
gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road . police say it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in almost 30 years . it includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries .
leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in bins . but a footnote said: 'this is not recyclable' .
Cody wandered into a bog in south-east London on friday afternoon . animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing him . despite being shaken by ordeal, he was otherwise unharmed .
the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but carded a 68 . five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine, ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend . the 58-year-old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
the 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay . he then joined league one basement side Yeovil on tuesday . the relegation-threatened club were tipped for promotion this season . but they were relegated for the second consecutive time .
premier league champions apologise and promise refunds to 300 fans . six coaches laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off . club acted after game was scheduled for 8pm, making it impossible for supporters to travel by train .
only five players have scored more than his 162 premier league goals . the former england striker named his all-star xi from players who featured during his era . there is little surprise to see Paolo Maldini in anyone's dream team .
police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares . a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the clash . the 16-year old boy, from Bicton, has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares. he will appear before the Perth Children’s Court on may 6 .
advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales . the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean . Designed by esteemed architect Karen Burke and Master-built by Matt Blair, the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential beachside holiday home .
the winning image was taken by photographer Matthew Lewis at bexley cricket club in Kent . it captures an outrageous pouch by west indies player Dwayne Bravo during last year's ICC world twenty20 . portraits of ordinary players also make the short-list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch .
the body of autistic 20-year-old has been found floating in a creek near a golf course . he told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, new york, home . his family started a frantic search in the local community . police said his body had been discovered at marine park golf club .
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down . instead of classical music, she appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .
darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage . everton manager Roberto Martinez expects the midfielder to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from goodison park .
darron Gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season after damaging his metatarsal . the midfielder was injured in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month . manager Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape and maintains he has a crucial role to play .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway as a stretch of the road between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent was closed . but during the hour-long delay today, police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch . at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side when the clockwise carriageway reopened . police said that the pair had walked to the opposite side after the road was closed and had to be esc
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters . the 19-year-old has been tipped for big things by the likes of Rory McIlroy . fellow Scot Sandy Lyle played alongside him on the first tee .
the 19-year-old admitted he needed to give himself a 'kick up the arse' after missing the cut on his Masters debut . the 2014 amateur champion was playing with fellow countryman and 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle .
englishman Danny willett was angry after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface . the 27-year-old was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey, though he had calmed down by time he spoke to reporters about 30 minutes later .
world no 1 carded a one-under-par 71 to finish seven shots behind first-round leader . he's scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (bt) on friday . michael schumacher, rory mcilroy and phil mickelson also in the group .
Andy Murray will face long-time rival Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open on Sunday . the 27-year-old has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb . Murray marries fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on friday .
toto wolff insists the champions will just keep calm and carry on . 'we have everything we need,' insists f1 boss . the team will look into why they were beaten to second and third in Malaysia .
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month . the victory was the marque's first success for almost two years . but technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in china .
the flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle . he was left facing six months of rehabilitation after surgery . the 29-year-old has signed a new deal with the club which keeps him at the club .
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals . bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup . most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints - whose director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the english and french leagues  . former captain Lawrence Dallaglio regards the 
richie gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down . the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in February after suffering an upper-arm injury in the six nations defeat by Wales . fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave .
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has signed a new one-year contract extension . the 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April .
reports emerged on social media suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks . the sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous board in January . but now new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims .
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving during real madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday . the portuguese was brought down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box . but his yellow card has now been rescinded by the la liga appeals committee . toni Kroos and James Rodriguez will miss the game against Eibar .
united sit above 'noisy neighbours' Manchester city in the premier league . this is the first time in 16 months they have played the same amount of games . following their 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday they now trail united by a point ahead of the derby at old trafford on sunday . the last time this had happened was when united were sixth on 20 points .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick for Paris Saint-Germain in their semi-final . the 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the club . Ibrahimovic now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time goalscoring record books .
'if you score against United at Old Trafford it almost gives you shivers, because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet, but the away end going crazy,' he said . the Argentine forward has hailed fellow south american Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby .
lazio clinched a spot in the final of the coppa italia on tuesday . they will now face Juventus in the Coppa final on June 7 . defender Mauricio captured the celebrations of the Lazio fans using a selfie stick .
real madrid midfielder James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to marca . los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when he's in the side . the 23-year-old is described as 'the jewel in real's crown' .
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke . the blues are seven points clear at the top of the premier league . 'we are confident. we are first in the league and we take game after game. we have the title in our hands. we want to bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge,' says Hazard .
Bayern Munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 on penalties on tuesday . pep guardiola is concerned about his team without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery . the german champions have only scored once in their last three matches .
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to former club barca . the 20-year-old left the catalan giants four years ago . a poll by 'sport' suggests he is the preferred choice to replace Dani Alves .
scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring at Marseille . he immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . but it seems that boredom has already kicked in as he sported a new hairdo .
eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks . the final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on may 24 . can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title? will Virat Kohli lead the royal challengers Bangalore to their first title? and who are the players to watch out for?
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston villa in their battle against relegation rivals QPR . the striker's late free-kick brought his tally up to 11 goals for the season .
aston villa face queens park rangers at the etihad stadium on tuesday night . villa's mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats . sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to solve their relegation crisis .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all started for the gunners . teenager Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up for the game . the trio have been out of action since november with a foot injury .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to play for arsenal u21s . teenager Serge Gnabry also set to feature against Stoke city on tuesday . young gunners take on stoke city at the Emirates stadium .
Liam Treadwell won the race on 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 . the ride on monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides .
alastair cook is 'refreshed' by winter's enforced sabbatical on the farm . he has had a taste of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a awkward assignment at home to new Zealand . the england captain is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference .
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback . the 34-year-old has resigned for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return . gooch appeared on radio five live on sunday and took a broadly supportive stance of pietersen . he said he had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle .
Kevin Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013 . the 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday . he announced that to his 2.3 million twitter followers on Easter Sunday, raising the prospect of using the social network's new broadcast app, periscope .
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from premier league clubs . but his father does not want him to sit on the bench at man city . he claims he would progress with arsenal under arsene wenger .
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give the visitors a 1-0 lead . a lump of grass strikes Sergio Busquets in the neck during the closing stages . referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido brandishes a straight red card following the incident .
manuel pellegrini has been hampered by UEFA's financial restrictions . city have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two windows . the club's overall wage bill is currently £205million-a-year . uefa have also ordered them to play with a reduced squad of 21 players .
chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury . the £32million forward had been on standby for the match . but he was forced off shortly after coming on at the interval . he will miss a week, a month, two months, maybe more .
Brittany Lincicome beat fellow american Stacy Lewis in a play-off round . the 29-year-old claimed her second ANA Inspiration crown . it was her sixth triumph on the lpga's opening major of the year .
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren . former england boss has been linked with a move to sunderland . burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday .
the 24-year-old scored a penalty at the Emirates on saturday . but it was not enough as the reds fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of arsenal . he urged his team not to give up on the top-four race with seven games to play .
the careers of Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park . the pair live 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire and will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham . a match of this magnitude is what these two coaches craved during years working together at Tottenham Hotspur, probably believing they would be united in battle .
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for the red devils . the 31-year-old was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert . but he is now on loan at the championship side until the end of the season .
aston villa host relegation rivals QPR at white hart lane on tuesday night . manager tim sherwood has labelled it the club's 'biggest game' for years . villa are five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone . but they will return to the bottom three if they win on goal difference .
burnley manager Sean Dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with Derby . the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with Tottenham on saturday . but they remain in the relegation zone and are bottom of the premier league .
england captain was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . he was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but was fined £220,000 by the football association for 'using abusive language related to colour' on sunday, he may come up against his brother Rio, who branded him an 'idiot' over the affair .
defender scored his first goal in 3-3 draw at aston villa on tuesday . he believes the pressure is on relegation rivals qpr . hill believes other teams will be worried about his side's survival .
aston villa host queens park rangers in the premier league on tuesday . former spurs boss and assistant says he would bet on sherwood keeping them up if he 'was a betting man, which we’re not allowed to do,' he says . 'without a shadow of a doubt, i think he will keep them up,' says Ramsey .
queens park rangers drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on saturday . Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iphone away from the game . the chairman said he was 'despair, disappointment, joy' but most important pride' .
chelsea host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday . nemanja matic and cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban . jose mourinho is unwilling to look beyond the derby with arsenal and man united .
the 20-year-old was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to excelsior . the Brazilian defender was arrested on suspicion of a sexual offence . a police spokesman is quoted by local media as saying it was 'sexual'
eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places . the top of the championship with just five games left to play . there are also the play-offs, which are notoriously hard to call .
the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will be televised for the first time . women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men . 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators .
the team were training on the Thames for the Boat Race on Saturday, April 11 . strong wind against the tide created waves that poured over the boat's riggers . the sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base .
wasps set to appeal against three-match ban handed to Nathan Hughes . the winger knocked out northampton's George North at Franklin's Gardens . but the back row will not be able to play in the champions cup quarter-final .
the 22-year-old suffered his third confirmed concussion in just four months . he was knocked out by wasps back-row Nathan Hughes . the wing has been ordered by a neurologist to take a month off .
the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious against wasps on friday night . northampton have ruled him out of their game against Clermont Auvergne . the winger has suffered his third head injury in the space of two months .
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 . lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford last month . the hat-trick puts him out in front as super league's most prolific finisher .
Leeds Rhinos beat castleford 26-12 at the mend-a-house Jungle on Good Friday . the first utility super league leaders were without their captain for the third successive game . they had beaten Wigan and Catalans Dragons in Sinfield's absence .
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at Halifax . the 25-year-old faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle . he was injured in the win over Hunslet on Easter Monday .
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during warm-up in Basseterre . he looks set to open with alastair cook in the first test against west indies . the england batsman was dismissed by team-mate Jimmy Anderson . his only rival for the opener slot, Yorkshire's Adam Lyth, was dropped twice .
England dominated the first day of their tour match against a St Kitts & Nevis XI . captain alastair cook was unbeaten 95 before taking three wickets for 10 . team-mate Jonathan Trott was on his first appearance since april 2013 .
the 84-year-old died on friday after a long battle with skin cancer . he told the nine network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' the cricket legend said he wished he had 'lived and learn as you go along' .
chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . loic Remy scored his second consecutive winner for the blues . the striker also scored in their 3-2 win against Hull before the international break .
Cameron Thomas Philp was passing a crime scene at Highgate Hill in 2013 . he graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van . when the forensic officer found the van, he swabbed the spit .
former Olympic gymnast, 25, is constantly sharing selfies of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies . 'i’m just sharing my physique,' the hunk of the gymnastics world said in an interview .
‘i’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in a new interview . the 26-year-old was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry . but now, as her acting career looks set to take off, she is more than happy being single .
will Stack, a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color' he recounts his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in the state's Lexington County . moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median' . he says: 'just because you're a cop doesn't
Kevin Pietersen believes former team-mate Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England cricket . the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB, preferring to focus on his media profile and business interests . he has declared himself open to discussions about the new post .
ewcb managing director Paul Downton's departure opens door for Pietersen . south africa-born batsman is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 . the 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after being sacked in february 2014 .
alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of England cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton . he played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey . the early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves .
there were fears the defender may have fractured his foot after a collision with burnley defender Kieran Trippier . results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture . more tests are planned this week to determine the full extent of the injury .
arsene wenger won the premier league's manager of the month award in march . the frenchman has won 14 of the honours at arsenal . wenger's last of the 27 awards came in October 2012, not long before he announced his retirement .
the 23-year-old has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances . coquelin hopes he can follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira . the frenchman is happy to focus on the defensive side of the game .
qpr boss has lost six out of seven games in charge of the club . TIm Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa . sherwood also reveals he wishes he had striker Darren Bent at his disposal .
mother-of-three Jeanetta Riley, 35, was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint, Idaho . she was taken to hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself, according to the Guardian . while parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner general hospital, she pulled a three-and-a-half-inch knife from under the car seat and was confronted by police before she was shot
dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo . delegates from the country including Khaled abdel Aziz stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed .
the couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44 . the 4-year-old girl was alerted to the bodies just after midnight on Saturday .
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone . the car spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg . he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
the house was abandoned after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains . new owners are renovating the house to withstand the heavy winds .
research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices . shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users .
right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado rockies before the game on Sunday . his son, Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month in the yard of the house his family rented in Scottsdale for spring training . the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection .
four-seater sports plane came down near Hatten, oldenburg, on sunday . the male pilot was killed, and three passengers taken to a nearby hospital . one man is in a 'serious condition', according to emergency services .
UEFA's financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs . 'just because a club is part of the established order doesn't mean they should be guaranteed success forever,' says city captain . city were fined £50million last year for breaching regulations .
more than 70 hours of hidden camera footage was filmed at a pub in east london . men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues . a man in the pub told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman .
three former rugby internationals were on charity expedition to the north pole . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip caused an aborted landing . the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway . but they played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated safe return .
daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it . the private service for richie, who died on friday aged 84, will take place this week . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday .
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal at old trafford on sunday . it was the striker's first goal since he scored for city against barcelona in february . but it was his first since the defeat at the etihad back in april .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford . the win sparked a string of viral images on twitter . marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored .
a 2-0 derby win puts hearts' promotion party on hold . goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui secured victory . the result sets up a clash with falkirk in the scottish cup semi-finals .
Diane Blankenship, 45, is charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery . she is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year .
two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's east . police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area . one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . a woman, 26, was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .
four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecoma . they packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover . but they struggled to fit the large loot in the boot and lost about a third . the men are wanted for a series of break-ins on at least five establishments .
clare verrall was out with her french bulldog Dutchy on Wednesday evening . a man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her . she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe from the altercation . during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . the 31-year-old said she didn't believe she would have been able to fight off her attacker had she not learned self-defence .
the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' he said it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award .
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor . Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs .
video was captured at the orana wildlife park, the country's only open-range zoo . it shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars . a keeper holds a piece of meat up against the bars of the cage .
the crash occurred at Moorabin airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday . it is believed one of the planes issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane . the three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
chelsea host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday . jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four . the blues are four points clear of arsenal with two games in hand .
four-time world champion returned to factory at maranello last week . the win allowed the team to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 at the Spanish grand prix . 'it was quite nice for them to get that feeling again,' he said .
police arrested 73-year-old after body was discovered at her home on tuesday . although body has not yet been formally identified, she is understood to be his mother .
up to 10 men - in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s . they are arranging fights with rivals prior to matches, says chairman . violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching team . he fears there is a danger they will try to encourage younger fans to join 'gangs'
thousands of female race-goers wore floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers . many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding . others took heed of the sunshine and sported full-skirted looks .
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness world record holder . he has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes .
a Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' intercepted an american plane over Poland . the state department is filing an official complaint to the russian military . officials have slammed the move as unprofessional and 'unsafe' .
la galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in mls . lamar Neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes . but the sounders had plenty of chances to equalise at the StubHub centre .
Graeme souness believes Eden Hazard will be named the PFA player of the year . the belgian has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in 100 premier league games for the blues this season . 'he's got great feet and looks to be a strong boy too. if you look at him he’s all there,' he says .
Jordan Spieth tees off his third round at augusta at 2:55pm local time . the american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds . he will be joined in the final pairing by Charley Hoffman, who is on nine under par .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a citizen . the 25-year-old won 6-3 6-2 over frenchman Maxime Chazal . he will now face either Michael Linzer or Maxime Texeira in the next round .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese grand prix . it was the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia . the briton was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg .
the 50-year-old grilled red bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey . he also checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with sky sports . the actor has been a part of ten world championship wins in the past .
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end . the 33-year-old left the f1 team in 2007 after a bitter year . but he is happy to be back for the 2015 season despite leaving in 2007 .
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud . the silverstone-based marque started the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace . a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model is now due to be unveiled until the Austrian grand prix in June .
red bull driver Daniel Ricciardo is training with a martial artist in Shanghai . the 25-year-old is hoping to improve on a sixth place finish in australia and a disappointing 10th in Malaysia . red bull have struggled to get back on the front of the grid this season .
AP McCoy claimed victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdles . he rode jezki to victory after Ruby Walsh fell at the final hurdle . the favourite, ridden by Ruby Walsh, had finished runner-up on his last .
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Maxime Machenaud during the quarter-finals of the european champions cup . the 31-year-old will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday . world rugby's low end punishment is a two-week ban .
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract . the 21-year-old spent four months on loan with the sharks earlier this season . he made 10 appearances during his loan spell, featuring in the european champions cup, Aviva Premiership and LV= Cup .
Charlie Hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since 1978 . the 25-year-old emigrated to australia 18 months ago to pursue a career at the top level . he scored 140 out of 297 all out in the first innings of a game against new south wales .
west indies cut six names from their first training camp under new coach . sheldon cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down . but 21-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman Hope and paceman Carlos Brathwaite have both been retained . leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall .
middlesex seamer admits he finds it 'baffling' he is not hitting 90mph . the 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run . he has vowed to chase an England recall after missing the west indies tour .
federal jury found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of the 2013 bombing of the marathon . the 21-year-old former student kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read . jury will now decide whether the former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison .
sir Bradley Wiggins and geraint Thomas avoided a major crash in the final kilometre of the one-day race in Scheldeprijs . team-mate Elia Viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground . the italian went to hospital for x-rays after the crash .
Tottenham hotspur face aston villa at white hart lane on tuesday night . england striker has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season . sherwood insists his former club must improve at a similar rate .
crystal palace host sunderland at the stadium of light (saturday 3pm) seb Larsson is suspended after reaching 10 bookings for the season . defenders wes brown (knee) and emanuele gaccherini are still missing .
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle . the Argentine will start the remaining seven matches of the campaign . he was the only player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland .
west Ham currently sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points . the club are eight points ahead of second-placed burnley . allardyce wants his side to qualify via fair play next season .
new manager suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the club . the ibrox side crashed to a second defeat of the season at Palmerston . but new manager Stuart McCall expects his players to bounce back on sunday .
the brazilian ace shows off his footballing brain out of hours . dressed in just his shorts he uses his quick feet to juggle the ball . he will be hoping to show off some trickery when Barcelona travel to face sevilla .
manchester united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months following the latest round of results . the last time united won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney's late spectacular goal earned them a 2-1 victory . manuel pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the table - four points clear of city .
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the premier league . city could register a fifth successive derby win for the first time in their history with victory this weekend .
Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for french league president Frederic Thiriez to step down . Thiriez did not come down to the pitch to shake the players' hands ahead of Saturday's League Cup final . 'If you want to be president of a League with 41 clubs instead of 42, you must go,' he said .
new york city drew 2-2 with the red bulls at high-flying DC United . new york's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw . San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver in a tempestuous match .
lazio won 1-0 at Napoli to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final . the Biancoceleste are one point adrift of city rivals Roma . manager Stefano Pioli has told his players to keep their feet on the ground .
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since 2-0 win at AC Milan . the islanders are in 11th place and feel a sense of urgency to turn things around . defender Roberto Vitiello feels his side need to start winning at home .
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick as crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 . the striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues . his success comes from his cunning, a nous to win duels and a physical power .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on monday night . a controversial Glenn Murray goal put the visitors ahead in the first half . the striker scored despite both he and Scott Dann appearing to be offside . but a second-half goal from Jason Puncheon sealed the victory .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on sunday . the spanish champions are four points behind leaders barca in the race for the la liga title . coach Carlo Ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match .
Real Madrid face atletico madrid in the quarter-finals of the competition . dortmund assistant coach Fernando Hierro believes the club can win a second successive season . hierro won the champions league three times as a player at the club .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on sunday . the portuguese star's haul included an eight-minute hat-trick . Jeremy Mathieu scored a diving header as Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 .
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on sunday . gareth bale scored twice and assisted another during the international break . the 25-year-old tweeted: 'unbelievable result this afternoon, great team performance. Now for a BBQ'
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results . west Ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year . the club have already beaten last year's total by two points with seven games to spare .
louis van gaal's side host manchester city at old trafford (saturday 4pm) the red devils have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness . but defender Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury . van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble, while Andreas Pereira is on brazil Under 20 duty .
the 25-year-old joined the international judo federation on friday . smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was named national champion for his age group . the defender signed for the cottagers in 2008 after only a handful of appearances .
marouane Fellaini was substituted in a 3-0 defeat to manchester city last season . he was jeered by both city and united fans in the corresponding fixture . but van gaal has praised the rebirth of the big Belgian midfielder .
arsenal host manchester united in the premier league on sunday . the two sides are locked in a battle for the second automatic place . a defeat to arsenal could see them slip out of contention .
queens park rangers host west london rivals in the premier league on sunday . qpr will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne (knee) and fellow centre-back Rio Ferdinand (unspecified knock) Yun Suk-young (concussion) is still out alongside Eduardo Vargas, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin .
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season . jose mourinho has lauded the blues' consistency in the final eight games . he said: 'to be top of the league since day one shows consistency, stability, confidence and a brave approach'
the west london derby takes place at loftus road on sunday . jose mourinho's side are firm favourites to win the premier league . but boss Chris Ramsey believes the game is more crucial to his side than to title-chasing Chelsea .
the former AC Milan midfielder posted a picture on his official Instagram account . he wrote: 'the greater your effort, the greater your earnings' . the brazilian has not scored since scoring in the first game of the season .
Bristol City drew 1-1 with second-placed Preston north end on saturday . the result means they will become the first club to win promotion this season . manager Steve Cotterill was happy to avoid a late scare at deepdale .
city defeated swindon 3-0 in the local derby in front of a sold-out crowd . goals from Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham clinched victory . the result puts city back in the championship with just two games to go .
Wigan chairman David Sharpe believes he has made the right appointment . the club axed malky mackay after five months at the helm . but new manager Gary Caldwell has been appointed in a permanent capacity .
Hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in their first derby of the season on sunday . goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed the win . the champions went into the game with only the derby bragging rights at stake .
the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the club . he has been linked with a number of clubs including manchester united and city . but his agent and ex-wife confirmed he rejected a three-year deal .
the 31-year-old's contract at the nou camp expires in the summer . the full-back has been linked with a move away from the club all season . but his agent, Dinorah Santana, has revealed there is a deal on the table .
team sky's geraint Thomas finished 14th in incident-packed Tour of Flanders . norwegian Alexander Kristoff won in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds . he finished ahead of holland's Niki Terpstra and local hope Greg van Avermaet .
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury . the striker has earned the best goals-per-minute ratio of any premier league player . crystal palace boss pardew believes the 31-year-old is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading .
dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years for stabbing a young father to death in 2006 . he was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at coldingley prison in Surrey . the sickening 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on WhatsApp .
men aged 65 and over are ten times more likely to be diagnosed with melanoma . older women are five times likely to develop the disease than in 1970s . around 5,700 pensioners are diagnosed with the disease each year in the uk .
retired engineer, Dave Tyler, 72, built his own observatory in his garden near high Wycombe . the amateur snapper is able to capture sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares . he first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's sky at night in 1957 .
the video was taken from the point of view of a train driver . it shows the train racing along the 9km long electrified track . the track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch .
the monkey snatches a banana from a female tourist in the town of Kanchanaburi . the lady gets too close to the monkey and it reacts by slapping her camera .
Steve Harmison has led his club to seven wins on the spin . the 36-year-old took 226 wickets for England between 2002 and 2009 . he is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning them into the champions league . united are eighth in the table, eight points ahead of fifth-placed liverpool .
the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week . the englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50 . at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas open, he was projected to fall to 54th .
three-time major winner has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters . the 43-year-old had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic in florida . he ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger .
Darren Bent and Chris Martin scored for the hosts in the second half . the result means they are back in the play-offs after a six-week absence .
Rotherham beat Brighton 8-1 at the aes seal new york stadium . goals from matt Derbyshire and Jordan Bowery gave the hosts the lead . the result means both sides are just two points behind the leaders blackpool .
the 25-year-old opened the scoring in the 4-1 win over west brom . he picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly . the injury is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks .
ander Herrera scored twice in united's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday . the 25-year-old has expressed his desire to stay at old trafford . he described the red devils as the 'right team in the right league' .
benik Afobe opened the scoring for WOLVES in the 11th minute . david Edwards doubled the hosts' lead in the 88th minute with a header . the result moves them into sixth place in the championship table .
rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite successive morale-sapping defeats . liverpool lost 4-1 at the Emirates on saturday . the reds face blackburn in the quarter-finals of the fa cup on tuesday night .
the defending champions were only three points behind the red Devils . both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points . deAndre Yedlin impressed at right-back with a lively display .
MLS side Orlando have expressed interest in javier Hernandez . the 26-year-old has been on loan at real madrid this season . eight european clubs are also interested in signing the midfielder .
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to argentine side Velez Sarsfield . the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on cameraman's monitor . replays showed striker Mariano Pavone was the handball offender and the frontman was subsequently booked .
'that's the madness of it,' says howe after the game at the goldsands . 'it's great for the neutral, but not so great for us,' he says . the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at Dean Court this season . but a remarkable comeback made it 3-2 .
Norwich city beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . midfielder Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season . the win maintains their automatic promotion hopes with a win .
young fan was hit by a wayward shot during real madrid's 9-1 win over Granada . goalkeeper Iker Casillas comforted the young fan at the half-time break . the veteran custodian alerted stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident .
Ben Cousins left court with a smug smirk on his face after failing to face a magistrate over reckless driving charges . the former west coast Eagles captain handed himself in to police on tuesday morning . he was supposed to appear in court on wednesday but failed to show up . his lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments . magistrate warned him he now faces a jail term for 'serious' offences .
around 300 city fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches . the move was made after it was impossible for fans to return home by train or plane on the same night . hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down .
Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley took on Oldham Athletic in league one . the winger watched his younger brother Lewis in action for the home side . young played 70 minutes in united's 3-1 victory over his former club .
the vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract . the midfielder has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week . sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Henderson to stay .
malky mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge . the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman . mackay is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages .
Ipswich blew a chance to climb into the play-off places after defeat . huddersfield strikers Nahki Wells and James Vaughan gave the hosts the lead . but Luke Varney doubled the lead for the home side in the second half .
arsene wenger admits he didn't expect hector bellerin and Francis coquelin to be playing such key roles in arsenal's late push for the premier league title . the gunners beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday . wenger also admitted he might have been lucky not to be sent off . click here for more arsenal news .
Troy Deeney scored his 20th goal of the season and contributed significantly to Odion Ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half . the championship lead which Boro held at the start of play has now changed hands 16 times .
real madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on sunday . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals and an eight-minute hat-trick . gareth bale broke the deadlock and granada were 4-0 up before half-time .
manuel pellegrini insists his side must splash out again this summer . manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table . a return to the heavy spending of the era after sheikh mansour's 2008 takeover is clearly not an option .
crew allowed captain to use the tannoy to congratulate team-mates . he was celebrating team's 2-1 victory against Luxembourg last week . but officials in the country's civilian aviation directorate said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City .
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring for the hosts in the 73rd minute . he headed home from close range to give the visitors a 1-0 lead . but a minute later, defender gerard Pique saved Xavi's free kick . it was the french centre-back who flung himself through the air .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on sunday . it was his 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in La Liga . he has now scored 11 goals in just eight matches against granada .
rodgers admits he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign . 'if you're not in the champions league it makes it difficult for you,' he says . the england boss will instead prioritise the fa cup .
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets for the first time since resigning for Surrey . the 34-year-old was pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm . he is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Juan Arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela . he was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban . the 34-year-old had earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level .
Jeremy Mathieu scored the winning goal in the 73rd minute . he blamed the internationals for his side's poor performance . the three brazilians all started for the catalan giants .
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of himself with Steven Gerrard . the defender is known for his charity work away from the football field . he played 90 minutes as arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
ander Herrera scored a brace against aston villa with his eyes shut . six of his seven goals have been scored without him having to look at the ball or the opposition's net . the spanish midfielder joined the red devils for £29million in the summer .
andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after 30 minutes . a mistake from Marco Veratti gave him a clear run on goal . Blaise matuidi then doubled the lead with a curling effort from the edge of the box . marquinhos made it 2-2 after slamming the ball into the roof of the net .
seven-minute video allegedly shows militants destroying ancient city of Nimrud . it shows them using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs to destroy artifacts . ruins are believed to be some 3,000 years old and are on UNESCO's list of world heritage sites . attack on historic site has been declared a 'war crime' by the u.n.
the 36-year-old daredevil says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando, Florida, this month . wallenda said Monday at a new york city news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat on April 29 .
man was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, florida . bouncer returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on him . he lit the bouncer on fire and fled in a truck, police said .
the unnamed 13-year-old gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showedered adults with cash . the group of friends went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway, which began last week at the town's Claggett Middle School .
five males and two females were healthy but dehydrated when they arrived . cubs were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center . they are being bottle-fed special 'fox milk' and formula .
the club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way . pictures from Monday showed the steel foundations for the new part of the main stand now taller than the existing structure . work on the Main Stand expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added .
'pre-engagement' is a growing trend, with thousands of couples now choosing 'promise' rings ahead of a formal proposal .
a deflection from an audacious Nigel de Jong overheated kick saw AC Milan salvage a draw against Sampdoria . the former england international opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box . a late and dangerous sliding tackle went unpunished in the first half before he finally made it into the referee's book .
chancey luna, 17, is accused of shooting dead australian baseball player Chris Lane . if found guilty, he faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release . Lane, 22, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan when he was shot in the back .
celebrity chef matt Kemp's anger issues cost him his first marriage and his business . he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his pregnant wife while filming at Sydney's restaurant balzac in 2004 . the 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage .
the 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course . he believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball . the man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the reptile 'nipped' him .
real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute . deportivo la coruna midfielder Lucas Perez equalised for the visitors in the 40th minute with a penalty of their own .
the clip was created by HLN's The Daily Share . it shows the shocking price differences between near-identical products and services offered to men and women . a men's razor was picked up for $8.56, but the women's version - the Schick Hydro Silk - was priced at $9.97 .
three girls from Clatskanie, oregon, were bullied into sending nude pictures . they first reported ordeal to school officials but were told to 'suck it up' a judge has ordered that each girl receive $75,000 in damages . all three girls have moved to new schools .
21-year-old set new 54-hole scoring record at the 79th masters . he broke the record shared by Tiger Woods and Ray Floyd by a single shot . but he carded a double bogey on the 17th to break the record . it is the fourth time in a row he has been in the final group .
deputies filmed chasing after 44-year-old after he fled during sting operation . tackled him to ground and ordered him to lie on stomach - but he fired his gun instead . he then drops his gun from recoil and says: 'i shot him! I'm sorry' . one deputy responds: 'f*** your breath' and calls him a 'motherf***er' another says he's 'shocked' and
didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season . the 37-year-old is yet to be offered an extension on his current deal . veteran striker insists he has no intention of retiring at the end of the season - whether he is at the club or not .
'i've been very lucky to cover so many great games but I do usually plump for this same one,' says Martin Tyler . he reminisces about the seven goal thriller at anfield in 1996 . the game saw the two premier league hopefuls close the gap on leaders manchester united .
Serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . but city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis . the italians rejected several bids from former club last summer .
javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid . he has spoken about how at times his confidence has been 'left in tatters' . the german club are looking to bring in another striker . they have also considered the likes of Romelu Lukaku .
Santi Cazorla has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season . the 30-year-old has been linked with a return to his homeland with Atletico . but the midfielder says he is happy to stay at the club despite interest from the spanish capital .
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp this summer . but the 29-year-old insists he is happy at Fiorentina despite the rumours . the striker has scored four league goals so far this season .
Pedro has started just 12 league games for barca this season . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the nou camp . he admits it is logical that there is talk of him leaving the club .
Ronny Deila will try to persuade city to extend Jason Denayer's loan deal . the defender made his full debut in Belgium's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in Israel on tuesday night . but the 19-year-old also faces competition from city defender roberto mancini .
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was disabled due to back and knee problems . but fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for his team . grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison suspended for two years .
the council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber . the rest of the cabinet resigned in February after a government report said the council was 'not fit for purpose' and 'in denial' about exploitation .
a magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at Education Queensland . the 52-year-old has been free on bail since march . he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago .
a bearded dragon responds when asked if she wants something to eat . owner Shannen Hussein, 21, can be heard asking the reptile 'are you hungry?' the dragon nods her head and is then rewarded with a superworm treat .
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that the club are not going to win the title . the gunners won their eighth game in a row in the premier league on saturday . but the chief executive admits winning the title is unlikely .
atletico madrid defender Miranda has one year left on his contract . the 31-year-old has also been offered to manchester united and city . but both clubs are more interested in the Brazilian's team-mates .
a handful of Manchester city fans were ejected from the derby on sunday . they were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy . a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying Matt Busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich . police praised 'the overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash .
Thibaut Courtois was exceptional for the blues against queens park rangers . the Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in recent weeks . he has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke .
Zarina diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston . the 11th seed from Kazakhstan won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 . Irina-Camelia Begu and mona barthel progressed in straight sets .
Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final . the serb has lost his last seven matches to the world no 1 . he will now face a battle to win his fifth winner's trophy . click here for more tennis news .
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's Chinese grand prix . the british driver is bidding to win his fourth grand prix of the season . it is the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia .
both skipper al Kellock and hooker Dougie Hall are to retire come the end of may . the pair have a maximum of six outings left of their professional careers . a match ball will be presented by Kellock's dad and Hall's mum along with Alistair Johnson and Bernie Mitchell .
golden state beat the Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on tuesday night . he broke his own record for most 3-pointers in a season with 45 points . lamarcus aldridge had 27 points and six rebounds, and Damian Lillard added 20 points and eight assists .
the defending champion Spurs beat the Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday . the win leaves the top three teams in the NBA's Southwest Division separated by half a game . in the eastern conference, no 1 seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance .
the 29-year-old would be the first woman ever to reach the finals . she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion Ken Doherty .
players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time . but leBron James seems to think his influence with the Cavaliers deserves recognition . he says he would pick himself for MVP if he could .
the 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the world championships in Holland next week . but he sustained a shoulder injury during the Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett . he is replaced in the squad by Craig peacock of the Belfast Giants .
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage . the full back had to be helped off the pitch by the team physios . meyler was sent off for the challenge on saturday but neither garry monk nor steve Bruce condemned him .
the 23-year-old completed a move from Dundee United to Celtic during the January transfer window . he is hoping to win the Scottish premiership title at parkhead next month . the midfielder admits a title party in the east end of the city would be a good idea .
the bronze statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way . as a player, he won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and, of course, was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967 . work will be carried out by sculptor who recently completed the statue of Jock Stein .
'there's something not right within their DNA when it comes to a derby game,' says carver . 'you've got to try and do as much homework as you can to find out about their personality,' he says . the trip to anfield is Newcastle's first outing since losing a fifth straight derby and they have won just twice in 2015 .
Newcastle are in danger of being sucked into relegation battle . the magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once . it is unlikely to arrive at anfield, a venue at which they last won in 1994 .
Monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy french club from Sevilla in 2013 . the 22-year-old has impressed scouts in Europe and the french league this season . he was key to Monaco's champions league win over arsenal .
Real Sociedad are hopeful of signing burnley striker Danny Ings . the 23-year-old's contract at the etihad stadium expires in the summer . ings knows he can play regularly at the club and will be watched with interest by England coach Roy Hodgson and will get the money he wants .
gareth bale returns from international duty with real madrid on tuesday . the winger hits a powerful left-footed bullet into the net at the far post . bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country against Israel . he also scored his 20th for the season in all competitions .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the spanish giants were thrashed 2-2 by malaga in the last-16 of last season . striker Fernando Torres has praised coach Diego Simeone's style .
argentine striker scored 100th goal for city in 158 appearances . he scored in injury time against QPR to win title in 2012 . but if city slip out of the top four, he will have to think of himself .
lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers . the Biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through Stefano Mauri . Miroslav Klose added a second just after the half-hour mark . Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the finalists .
conor o'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions . full back Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on march 21 . the 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai and no closer to being declared symptom-free .
the 37-year-old prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months . peacock broke his try drought with a double in the first half . full-back Niall Evalds followed up his two-try show against Wigan .
wakefield were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves in the first utility super league . the game saw a hat-trick of tries by Wolves' Richie Myler and a 28-point haul for Stefan Ratchford .
united opened up a four-point gap on their rivals at old trafford . goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Mata and Chris Smalling gave the red Devils their biggest derby win for six years . 'the atmosphere was crazy, it is something we will never forget,' says mata .
the northern irishman is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the Augusta national this week . the 25-year-old is heavily favoured to win the green jacket for the first time in his career . only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era .
the striker limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury against Stoke . he will not do any ball work at the club's Cobham HQ this week . the spaniard will also miss the games against queens park rangers and man united . but the premier league leaders face second placed gunners at the emirates .
Kevin Streelman won the par-3 contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas . the 75-year-old recorded his first hole-in-one at the masters on tuesday . he is the latest player to be saddled with the 'curse' of the par-three champion .
a video has emerged of the former world no 1 dancing while he practised at augusta national on monday . the 14-time masters champion had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his wedge game . he will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday .
australian marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters . his wife Audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection . 'we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months,' says chairman Billy Payne .
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job at the end of the season . but if he is, he will have left little behind at the premier league . there is no particular desire at the club to sack him . city's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers .
city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad stadium on monday night . the defeat leaves them nine points adrift of the premier league leaders . £40m signing Eliaquim Mangala never made it off the bench .
defender John Stones was on barcelona's defensive transfer shopping list . the 20-year-old moved up the list of possible targets at the end of last season . he signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at everton until 2019 .
everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . captain Phil Jagielka scored his fifth goal of the season . midfielder James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling pressure .
everton beat stoke city 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . manager Roberto Martinez insists he is flexible in his tactical approach . the spaniard has been criticised for trying to play from the back .
alberto moreno insists he is not worried about Romelu Lukaku's new agent . agent mino Raiola said he would never have sanctioned his £28million move . 'when you have a player on a long-term contract there is nothing to discuss,' says manager .
striker Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season . the 21-year-old has also been named player of the month twice . Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players' Player of the Year .
Tottenham have confirmed they will play a friendly in Malaysia next month . the match will take place at the Shah Alam stadium on may 27 . he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games . pochettino has expressed fears about burnout for the 21-year-old .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . the blues are seven points clear at the top of the premier league . manager jose mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform . but the midfielder says they must continue in the same vein .
Cesc Fabregas was caught by a flailing arm during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke . the spaniard was left with a bloody nose after the clash at stamford bridge . he also took a whack on his leg during the clash on saturday .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday . the frenchman has scored four goals in his last six premier league games . queens park rangers forward Charlie Austin is runner up with a score of 52.2 .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander Herrera scored twice and Wayne Rooney scored a brace . louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and liverpool .
both defenders appeared in united's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday . the argentine posed alongside his wife and daughter on a private plane . defender Rojo played the full 90 minutes while di Maria came on for the last 20 .
ander Herrera opened the scoring in the 43rd minute with a close-range effort after 90 minutes . rooney doubled the red Devils' lead in the 79th minute with his right-footed effort . marouane fellaini added a second on 79 minutes with his third goal in eight games for the club .
liverpool travel to blackburn in the premier league on tuesday night . the reds lost 4-1 to top four rivals arsenal at the emirates on saturday . manager brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four .
'Team Pardew' could be a candidate for manager of the year . combining his records at both clubs would see him in eighth place . pardew left his role at Newcastle at the end of last season . toon fans still fear relegation after 1-0 defeat to sunderland on sunday .
defender Dejan Lovren has been out of favour at the club recently . but he could return against blackburn in the quarter-finals on tuesday . defender Kolo Toure was given a torrid time by arsenal at the weekend .
BT Sport pundit michael Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether Raheem Sterling is more talented than Mesut Ozil . the former liverpool forward made the claim before arsenal's 4-1 defeat against his former club at the Emirates on Saturday . he said: 'i think he's probably better than [Danny] Welbeck' .
bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern's 1-0 win over borussia dortmund on saturday . the german cup quarter-final clash against bayer leverkusen on tuesday is doubtful as he did not train on Monday .
Bayern Munich travel to bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . manager pep guardiola is having to adapt his team to a number of injuries . a 1-0 win against borussia Dortmund was crucial to their treble-winning campaign .
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . the Poland international spent four years at the club, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period . Bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by borussia monchengladbach before the international break . they responded to get their title charge back on track against their former rivals .
former Celtic striker scored a stoppage-time winner for the canaries . hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season . he lobbed keeper Adam Bogdan to score as the defenders switched off .
Darren Bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for the bees at the ipro stadium . the on-loan winger was caught by toumani diagouraga in the fifth minute and curled a 25-yard free-kick over the wall . but Brentford hit back in the 14th minute when Moses Odubajo's header set up a shot that Lee Grant pushed away .
the 32-year-old only replaced the axed malky mackay on Wednesday . a stylish free-kick hauled Wigan level, only for a stunning long-range effort from Matt Smith put Fulham back in front . but Jason Pearce's 69th-minute effort earned the latics a point .
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season . the striker believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings by becoming a premier league hit . deeney won the championship's player of the month award for march .
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with Saido Berahino . the 21-year-old is likely to remain at the hawthorns beyond the summer . west bromwich albion were open to bids of £20million for the striker .
Jeremy peace has put west bromwich albion up for sale for £150million . but only to someone who would be a suitable owner by the end of the season . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in the us, china and australia .
Leicester are bottom of the premier league and six points adrift of safety . a 2-1 win over westham last weekend ended a run of just two points . but boss Nigel Pearson insists they have no margin for error in their relegation fight .
Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much', according to reports . the brazilian has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season . he scored his side's second goal with a curling free kick on saturday .
villarreal defender Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at getafe on sunday . the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid . cazorla tweeted: 'a lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo, I hope it's not too serious'
manuel pellegrini says his academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad . he says city may look to invest heavily in other teams' homegrown talent . the premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club .
at the peak of her career as an England netball player, she earned just £742 a month . but she has never lived in the shadow of her footballing brothers . 'i don't think there was ever any way Philip was coming out before me,' she says .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling gave the hosts the lead . city were at sixes and sevens in the first 15 minutes of the game . manager louis van gaal's side are now four points clear of city .
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form . the light blues suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign as they slumped 3-0 at queen of the south . it was an especially flat display after recent victories over hearts and hibernian .
England beat championship leaders South Africa 21-14 in the final of the sevens world series event in Tokyo . it is their first title since the Wellington Sevens in february 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far . south africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot to move onto 129 .
Jake Drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter . the 23-year-old surfer was taken into custody in June last year . he said he cannot wait to get back in the water .
the five-star restaurant has been 'recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years' . the class of '92 – minus David Beckham – previously dined at Wing's . current first-team players and their manager also frequent the restaurant .
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for the hosts after 10 minutes . atletico madrid doubled their lead just 10 minutes later through a volley from a Mikel Gonzalez corner . aguero scored a consolation for his former club, who have conceded just 29 times in their 21 La Liga games .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano . the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in the club's history to achieve the feat . he has scored 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90 .
Novak Djokovic started shouting at his backroom team during the Miami open . the tennis champion grabbed a towel from the ball boy who got caught in the crossfire . umpire Damien dumusois issued a warning for the way he treated the boy . but there was no reprimand for the manner in which he handled the ball .
arsenal have won seven on the spin in the premier league and made Liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to champions league rivals . this is the most impressive team the Gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the Invincibles side of more than a decade ago . by mid-October they had already dropped 13 points .
the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber . sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga .
incident occurred at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on march 14 . man grimaced as he tried to lift exit barrier, damaging it in the process . police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised .
every one of Africa's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in the next month's FIFA presidential election . Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo . Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998 . prince Ali bin al-Hussein of Jordan, Dutch FA head Michael van Praag, and former Portugal international .
mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013 . his diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated . he was treated at King's College hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation .
barlow surprised bridesmaids by singing 'a million love songs' at reception . the singer had promised to go along to the couple's reception in old Windsor . she and other bridesmen had started a twitter campaign to get him at wedding . barlow then sent the bride a message saying he could not make her special day . but he secretly replied saying 'let's do this' on condition they kept it secret .
the 27-year-old is marrying long-term girlfriend, also 27, in his hometown of Dunblane . guests wishing them well will be largely a gathering of close family and friends .
deanna Robinson, 38, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home . she said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect . a video has emerged which appears to show a deputy hitting her . in the video, which was posted to facebook and YouTube, Robinson can be heard screaming 'let go, you know I'm pregnant'
former world no 1 was pictured hugging his children on the course at augusta . he was joined by his longterm girlfriend Lindsey Vonn on the slopes . woods, 39, recently dropped out of the top 100 rankings for the first time since 1996 .
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother . she was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was pronounced dead at the scene . her husband, benji, is, no doubt, the most shocked of all .
cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to hospital but died from a head injury the next day . doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head . mother Kirsty Lee and ex-boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen appeared in court . pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child .
richie Benaud was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne . 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator wished for a quiet, dignified funeral . daphne had kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location .
independent network dozhd fears video may fall foul of putin's 'gay propaganda' laws . video features democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson holding hands . if aired without warning, company could have faced £13,200 fine .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in the first leg of their quarter-final clash . the two giants will meet in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu next week . here, sportsmail rates the players in the champions league first leg .
atletico madrid finished goalless in their champions league quarter-final first leg clash at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday . goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny gareth Bale in the fourth minute . another fantastic stop kept James Rodriguez from opening the scoring in the first half .
huddersfield drew 2-2 with blackburn at the amex stadium on tuesday night . demarai gray scored a second-half equaliser to salvage a point for the hosts . the result ends a run of three successive defeats for the seagulls .
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the championship play-offs . a whipped cross from caolan lavery found the back of the net . but the striker could not wrap his foot around it and the ball sailed wide of the post . the second half started in a livelier fashion to the first .
the only way is Essex star scored with his first touch for non-league side . it put a smile on the face of his on-screen girlfriend in the stands . hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating actress Lindsay Lohan after they were spotted out in soho .
barcelona drew 2-2 with sevilla at the Parc des Princes stadium on saturday . the brazilian was substituted by Xavi with 20 minutes remaining . he was clearly furious at being replaced by lionel messi . but coach Luis Enrique has played down his petulant reaction .
the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under 21s against Derby . however, it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again . the loss would be yet another blow to head coach John carver .
the 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon . she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police and paramedics to rescue the woman . the woman is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries
the 38-year-old comedian uploaded a seven-second clip of the spider . he grins manically as the three-inch house spider crawls out of his mouth . the spider runs down across Limmy's chin before making its way up his cheek .
Dane Bouris appeared at waverley court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty . he was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his model girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa . the 22-year-old started her career as child model for Grace Brothers, Samsung and HASBRO .
in a survey, 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed . not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining .
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row . she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back .
EmbryoScope technology allows medics and parents to record the microscopic miracle of life . a tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process . it also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process - narrowing a mother’s chance of miscarrying .
Isaiah Jay brown scored twice as the blues defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 . the 18-year-old was the star of the show in the UEFA youth team league final . he played an integral part in their 4-0 demolition of Roma on friday night . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
clarence habersham, 37, should be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of 33-year-old shooter Michael Slager . he was the second officer to arrive at the body of slain father, 50, and did not report his actions leading up to the shooting . the call comes after Slager, who has been fired from the northchareston police and charged with murder last week, is thought to have falsified reports .
jared milrad and his fiancé, Nate Johnson, are campaigning for democrats . they were featured in a video announcing her 2016 bid for the white house . the video quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year .
leBron James praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership', 'courage' and 'strength' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) he wrote: 'you are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten'
city officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland, crushing a minivan that was parked below . bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured . the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported .
sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . arsene wenger believes they have the financial capability to pull off a deal . liverpool, chelsea and manchester city are all interested in the striker .
the 22-year-old is wanted by spurs in a £4.4million deal from Cologne . defender says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Mauricio pochettino's side .
Serie a side inter are keen to sign manchester city midfielder Yaya Toure . the italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of £43million for the 31-year-old . toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances this term for city .
N'golo Kante is attracting interest from arsenal, Newcastle and Southampton . the 24-year-old is a defensive minded player who has impressed this season . caen are willing to sell him for around £5million .
sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at the club . former manchester united midfielder says his links with arsenal are 'quite flattering' . he said he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week .
the 19-year-old is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches this season . he was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury . both Chelsea and city are willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause .
pop star, 41, has ditched plans for a two-storey basement extension . he wants to lower some floors and knock down walls to create rooms . one of the walls earmarked for demolition is between lounge and home cinema . took that singer angered rocker with ambitious plans for 46-room mansion .
a woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer in west australia . the 26-year-old allegedly squirted breast milk at a female officer . she faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge .
child was outside shops in Brighton, east Sussex, when dog attacked her . girl suffered a single puncture wound to upper lip following attack . she was taken to the royal Alexandra children's hospital to undergo treatment . police said dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two were black .
13-year-old jumped into deep waters at east quarry near wigan on friday . friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police . his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held . rugby league clubs across the region marked his death with a minute's silence .
Mogi Mirim have hired the troubled son of former brazilian star Pele . the 44-year-old will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league . he recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach . the 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10 . labbadia's contract is also valid for the second division should the club be relegated .
hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs . the club would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off profits . hearts and motherwell have backed a resolution to slash the profits levied from finalists from 50 to 25 per cent .
Newcastle lost 2-0 at home to liverpool in the premier league on monday . the result means they are nine points above the relegation zone . manager carver insists his side have 'six cup finals' left to play .
Siem de Jong suffered a collapsed lung in february . the midfielder could return to action before the end of the current season . he has started just one premier league game since joining from ajax .
Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Jordan Spieth at Augusta on Sunday . world no 1 Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in final day's most high-profile grouping . 2013 champion Adam Scott will go out at 17.20, while last year's winner Bubba Watson is in the next pair .
aljaz bedene secured a British passport last month but can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup . the 26-year-old has played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011 . he is currently ranked 99 in the world, making him British no 2 behind Andy Murray and ahead of James Ward, Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady .
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami open final to Andy Murray . the world no 1 snatched a towel from the startled ball boy . umpire Damien Dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst .
Lewis Hamilton will start ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg on the spin . the briton is four-hundredths of a second ahead of the german . Vettel is third fastest in the world and will start second on the grid .
the reigning f1 champion again claimed pole position for the Shanghai race . the 30-year-old now has a record five poles to his name at the track, and three in succession, to take his tally to 41 overall in his career . Hamilton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his team-mate Nico Rosberg .
red bull have struggled at the start of 2015 after a run of four successive championship triumphs . red bull even trailed 'sister' team Toro Rosso at the last race in Malaysia . the main gripe has centred on power-unit supplier Renault, with billionaire benefactor dietrich Mateschitz suggesting this week he could pull his team out of the sport .
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on friday . he will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday . the last time he won the race was on Alberta’s Run in 2010 .
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies . the 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009 . he said he deserved to be dropped and did a lot of hard yards to get back in .
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test . both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud, who passed away last week . the two ends of the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium were renamed to honour Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Andy Roberts .
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first game back in the Test team . the wicket left the hosts 1-1 after just five balls after being put into bat by the west indies in the first test in antigua . he last played a Test for his country in 2013 when he withdrew from the disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness .
the thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo' the video promotes the superleague semi-finals on saturday . the team are coached by Gary and Phil's sister, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season .
Jonathan Brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the ITU world series . the 24-year-old backed up his win in Auckland a fortnight ago . he remained at the front during the swim and then broke clear in the run .
Kevin Mirallas was one of everton's top performers in the first half of the season . but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries . it was mooted at one point that he and lennon could be part of a swap deal .
costel Pantilimon conceded four goals in 45 minutes against sunderland . the goalkeeper feared the worst for himself and the club's top-flight status . it was four weeks ago when aston villa ran riot at the Stadium of Light .
Celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed inverness caley thistle on saturday . leigh Griffiths gave the visitors the lead in the third minute . but the result was not enough to shatter the dream of a fourth treble .
Celtic drew 0-0 with inverness caledonian thistle on saturday . leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the hosts in the third minute . the result means the Highlanders will face the champions in the semi-final .
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice . the Celtic midfielder has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results . since selling prize assets Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer .
two goals from Nicky Law and one from both Haris Vuckic and Nicky Clark gave Rangers a 4-0 win over Raith . 'it was okay, although we went through the motions and we can't afford to do that,' said manager Stuart McCall . the ibrox side travel to livingston on tuesday night .
Rangers kept pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers . the light blues bounced back from their defeat by queen of the south on tuesday . a goal from Nicky Clark and a header from Haris Vuckic put the hosts 1-0 up at Ibrox .
moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence against liverpool . the 25-year-old lunged in and caught the midfielder on the ankle . carver labelled his captain's tackle as 'indefensible' .
vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City . he played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle on monday night . the reds are four points behind the leaders in the premier league .
arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games since displacing Wojciech Szczesny . he has the highest win ratio of any player to have made more than 10 appearances . former manchester city defender Stefan Savic is second behind Ospina .
redknapp branded the situation at QPR a 'soap opera' and accused 'people with their agendas' of working against him . some players, including Joey Barton, blame Redkapp's recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground . but the Brazilian midfielder says he is not at fault for the club's predicament .
Chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth Team League final . they are the holders of the FA Youth Cup and defending champions . under 19s are officially the best team in Europe after finding the net 36 times in 10 matches . but how many of these talented tyros will graduate to the first-team in the next year or two?
Adi Viveash's side face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League on monday afternoon . the under 19 side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on friday . chelsea will start as favourites after their free-scoring form . click here for all the latest uefa youth league news .
downton was sacked as managing director of the ewcb on tuesday . he was persuaded to sack alastair cook as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign . the move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting .
a new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the ewcb's managing director of cricket on tuesday . ECB chief executive Tom Harrison is keen to have downton's replacement focus solely on performances . ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the early frontrunners .
downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach . the ECB wanted to 'create a culture' in which captain alastair cook had 'the full support of all players'
the two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends . Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics has already paid dividends in the early part of the season . geraint Thomas and Ian Stannard are two in-house contenders for the team .
Jordan Spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014 . the 21-year-old held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round . he finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt and comes into this year's event having won his second PGA Tour title .
the first major of the year will be played at the world-famous Augusta national golf club . the tournament will feature the likes of Graeme McDowell, graeme mcdowell and jordan spieth . click on the graphic below to get the lowdown on each hole .
the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson and another mercurial american in Ryan Moore . Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker .
players endured rainy spells during their practice on Tuesday . the typically warm and humid weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta for the weekend . despite using an umbrella to shield himself from the elements, McIlroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play .
the Brooklyn Nets beat a weakened Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . the game was postponed due to bad weather on January 26 . deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets .
Dikembe Mutombo, an eight-times NBA All-Star, was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday . he was a shot-blocking Congolese centre whose legendary finger-wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game . the class of 2015 will be enshrined at the hall of fame in Springfield, Massachusetts on September 11 .
the Spurs defeated the Golden State Warriors 107-92 on sunday . Kawhi Leonard matched his career best with 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals . the win ends the Warriors' 12-game winning streak and extends their own to seven straight .
Al Horford scored 20 points as the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night . however, the team lost forward Paul Millsap to a shoulder injury in the first half . the game ended the nets' season-best six-game winning streak .
former manchester united and england defender tore into city following their 2-1 defeat by crystal palace . 'they've got a mentality problem. there's no doubt,' he said on Monday night football . city are nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea .
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 88th minute at loftus road . it was the blues' first shot on target in the game at the etihad stadium . didier drogba praised his side's mentality after the game .
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus . the 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in formula one next year . he is the son of former f1 driver and GP2 champion Jonathan .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the reigning champions have not lost in six meetings since the 2014 final . manager Diego Simeone insists his side are 'playing at their limit' .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the reigning champions have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season . real lost 2-1 at the Bernabeu before a humiliating 4-0 away defeat .
former real madrid defender claims to find coaching 'easy' as a player . the 42-year-old won the 2002 world cup with brazil . he has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor .
football manager simulated the match between the premier league's best players from the north and south of the country . the Southern All-Stars came out on top with a brace from Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane . despite falling behind less than a minute into the game to a stunning finish from Sergio Aguero, the northerners were able to mount a fightback . they were more clinical in front of goal than the Northerners who twice hit the woodwork .
the first-leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on tuesday . defender Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad . the full-back won 17 caps for brazil between 2003 and 2013 .
Thiago Silva is gearing up to face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final . the brazilian says he will face an attack possessing the best three players in the world . he says the home leg at home will be pivotal for his side .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the spanish giants are unbeaten in six derbies so far this season . but coach Carlo Ancelotti insists he is not obsessed with his team . he said: 'don't forget we won the Champions League with a set-piece last season' .
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz . talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side Lille cut ties . a deal is expected to advance over the next fortnight .
Lucas Moura has lauded fellow south american Lionel Messi ahead of his side's champions league clash with Barcelona . the psg star says he is 'obsessed' with his fellow player's way of playing .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off . substitute Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header . paulinho's side also made it to the french cup final and currently lead Ligue 1 .
the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their win over bayer leverkusen . a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks' . benatia joins a long injury list at bayern munich that includes bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke .
fikile Mbalula says he has received assurances from FIFA's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in June . FIFA had strong suspicions that some of the south africa national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the 2010 world cup were fixed . referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches .
the player was offered money if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play' he immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's (BCCI) anti-corruption and security unit .
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case . he and his brother were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match . other former or current Montpellier players including Mladen Bojinovic, Samuel Honrubia, Dragan Gagic, Primoz Prost, Issam Tej and Mickael Robin will also be tried .
former motherwell boss admits life at Ibrox has taken its toll on him . despite losing heavily to queen of the south, he is loving life at the club . the 50-year-old insists he will not let the job wear him down .
defender Bilel mohsni was booked for reacting to opposition fans . the Tunisian defender is adamant Rangers cannot risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a Premiership place via the play-offs . Rangers host Raith on sunday .
queen of the south beat queens park rangers 2-0 in dumfries . a first-half own goal from Lewis Kidd doubled the lead . gavin Reilly forced an own goal to dent Rangers' second place hopes .
the final of the european challenge cup is now within reach for the Scots . winger Tim Visser signed a two-year deal with the club this month . visser hopes to end his career at the ground he will call home from next season .
al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU . the 33-year-old has amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh . he admitted that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad Bishopbriggs .
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years . she was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . at just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms visit their GP .
the app was created by developers through Facebook's Creative Labs . it is available for free on iOS and android . each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached . individual clips can be reported for inappropriate content .
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at deepdale on tuesday night . aaron wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . it was the first time the two sides have met in the championship this season .
new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking . many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new playlists . features rockers such as the xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier .
the 28-year-old's agent has admitted a move to the premier league is a possibility . he said the market would seem to suggest Spain or England . united are monitoring the uruguay striker's situation at psg .
the full back had a recent spat with his manager after he was dropped . but van der Wiel insists he's happy at the Ligue 1 club . he says there is 'no reason' for him to leave and wants to sign a new contract .
college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga, canada, last autumn . he followed it in his own vehicle, parked his car and jumped out to take the snap . the image of his 'selfie' has now been shared almost 2.9million times .
the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury . he is expected to return in the next few weeks . the midfielder is seen as a key member of the first team .
rodgers says his side's recent defeats are down to their own failings . the reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten run . but a month ago they were held to a goalless draw by blackburn .
England bowled out for 379 on the second day of their opening two-day tour match . they then declared with both Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retiring out . the match was drawn, just about, and it should also have been quartered .
Xabi Alonso fell over during 'Rondo' training drill . he was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on . the ball flies off in the opposite direction and he falls over .
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in the capital on Tuesday . the pair dine at an award-winning restaurant offering modern cantonese cuisine . manchester city are willing to use the frenchman as bait in a deal to sign italian midfielder Paul pogba from italian side Juventus .
the 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday . he brushed off rough treatment from the bulls by saying it's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season . but he paid a second visit to the dentist's chair in a fortnight, as shared with his 9.3 million followers on Instagram .
former premier league striker Kevin Davies injured his left hand on tuesday . the 38-year-old injured his hand while operating a chainsaw . it's the second time in less than two months that he has injured that part of his body .
ander Herrera says he bares his forename and surname for superstitious reasons . the 25-year-old joined the red devils for £29million last summer . he reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12 .
the gunners defeated the reds 4-1 at the emirates on saturday . the defeat leaves the club seven points off the top four in the premier league . defenders welbeck and enrique both attended the concert on monday night .
defender Marcos Rojo went away during a week off for his club side . the defender posed for a picture with family and friends in portugal . fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims he and advisors tried to frame her for blackmail .
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes in arsenal's 4-1 win over Stoke city . the midfielder has been out of action since he injured his ankle in the loss to manchester united back in November . he has set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the premier league clash with man united . click here for more arsenal news .
among the state of California's approximately 162,000 inmates, the most dangerous serve their time in Level IV maximum-security facilities . it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated . but for those who choose to leave the criminal families behind, the California Department of Corrections offers a chance at a different way of living on the inside .
former manchester united captain has denied committing a public order offence . he is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44 . Keane did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday . but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer .
rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four of the premier league . the reds host blackburn in a replay at the ewood park on wednesday night . if they don't win the trophy, they would be disappointed, says Rodgers .
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body . the remains of Jonathan camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning . his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street . now police reports and witness accounts show he had intimidated fellow gym users and even
south Korean defender allegedly stamped on the face of his fallen opponent . videos of the incident have gone viral in japan's japanese football league . claims have been made that the 23-year-old deliberately committed the foul . but the defender only received a yellow card and was allowed to play on .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 . the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world . he took to twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers .
aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers at villa park on saturday . Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick to secure a point for the hosts . manager Tim Sherwood said that the striker can fire villa to safety .
two-time grand national winner appears to jump over moving car . the horse clears the car's roof and lands in the 22-second clip . paddy power say he jumped straight over the car, which was travelling at 40mph .
mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013 . his diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated . he was treated at King's College hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation .
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam . the spaniard was caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with the striker . he was left with a bloody nose and requiring treatment .
arsenal were in fine form at the start of the 2013/14 season . but they still finished fourth in the premier league after a poor run of form . they beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday but still have exactly the same record . the north London side have 63 points from 31 games - a favourable goal difference .
arsenal are considering a £30million move for midfielder Jack Wilshere . the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league . he would follow the likes of Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri .
the 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of the season . he has been suspended, benched or dropped from the queens park rangers squad . the defender started the first seven matches of the premier league campaign . but he was dropped after picking up a slight knock .
QPR drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on tuesday night . winger matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues . only barcelona's Lionel Messi has made more assists (eight) this year .
queens park rangers beat aston villa 1-0 at villa park on monday night . winger Matt Phillips headed the home side into a seventh-minute lead . but a second-half equaliser from Christian Benteke gave the hosts a three-goal advantage . the result leaves villa bottom of the premier league table .
the midfielder came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed . he was joined by Mikel Arteta and abou Diaby recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively . Alex Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for arsenal at the Emirates .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the emirates on sunday . co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture after the game . he described a 'great moment' as he basked in the glory of the win .
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in the capital on Tuesday . the 37-year-old has scored six goals in 34 appearances this season . he replaced Diego Costa in the second half of Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke .
Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van gaal was 'poisoned' at Bayern Munich . the winger claims the Dutchman lost the players' trust while he considered a move away from the club . he also claims real madrid tried to sign him in 2009, only to be persuaded to stay .
aston villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation strugglers QPR at villa park on tuesday night . the hosts went behind twice before Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick . former tottenham boss was pictured bawling at the linesman and launching his jacket to the ground .
103 tour professionals anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics, including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park . the reigning champion got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent), with Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth . Watson admitted he had been involved in 'some mess ups' on tour but said he did not dislike any of his peers .
sherwood and Ramsey went head-to-head at villa park on tuesday night . it felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths . they shuffled and shouted, cajoled and pointed at each other . the pair have been for pints this season and will do so again .
Leeds have sent full back Zak hardaker on an anger management course . the 22-year-old student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident at student flats in february . he will also forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work .
McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia . both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit . but the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for villa against QPR . the former striker was pictured leaping out of his seat in the press box . goals from QPR's Clint Hill and Charlie Austin made it 3-2 .
the image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near vero beach, Florida . bobcat collected the shark after entering the water, according to Bailey .
city travel to old trafford to face united in the premier league on sunday . city fans will not pine for the days when Martin Edwards, son of a salford butcher, ruled the roost at the club . there will not be many city supporters who look back fondly on the chaotic era of hometown former TV salesman and combover king Peter Swales .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup third round on tuesday night . the reds lost 6-2 in the quarter-final at home to the premier league side . it is the club's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season . but manager Brendan rodgers insists the cup is a defining moment .
english cricket has 'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all', says editor Lawrence Booth in the 152nd edition of the fabled Almanack . 'a few wins might have deflected attention from a charge sheet that would include the mishandling of the Kevin Pietersen affair'
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA player of the year awards . the west brom midfielder has chosen Harry Kane for the top prize . he has also picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for young player of year . click here for all the latest transfer news .
geoffrey kondogbia is a target for liverpool and arsenal . the 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Monaco, Sevilla and Lens . he scored the first goal against arsenal in the champions league last-16 .
the 22-year-old posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his Instagram account . his mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life' his apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 'likes' and lots of praise from his followers .
louis van gaal and his players have turned down offers from Asia and Australia . the trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer . united have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup that they won last summer by beating Liverpool in a final .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR . it moved Belgium above France (46 goals) and within 19 of second-placed Spain (67) . a total of 255 goals have been scored by 81 different english players .
england bowler was bowling just three balls of his first over of the day . he complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain . from the very next delivery he slipped and went crashing to the ground .
rumoured images of the club's home, away and third strips have leaked online . images suggest that united's away kit for next season will be white . the red devils have signed a £750million deal with adidas for 10 years .
pep guardiola has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 . the former barcelona boss has been linked with a move to manchester city . but board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes money will not play a major part in his contract discussions with the german champions .
everton captain Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the sacred festival of Songkran . the toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years . defender scored the winner against Southampton on saturday .
Manchester city beat Leicester City 1-0 at wembley in 1969 . the goalkeeper played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road . he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 .
van Persie has missed united's last six games with an ankle injury . the striker has scored just 10 goals for the red Devils this term . but he is unlikely to start the game against city at old trafford .
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship . the club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages . relegation and UEFA disqualification is a distinct possibility if they fail to settle their outstanding money owed .
ander Herrera scored a brace as united beat aston villa 3-1 on Saturday . the win lifted united above bitter rivals manchester city to third in the premier league table . both have scored braces in their last two games .
restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist in eastern province of Shandong . she let him in when he knocked on door and asked to use the toilet . woman used her martial arts skills to overpower him and pin him to ground . he then tried to attack her again - only for him to escape unharmed .
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea . the spaniard broke his nose during the win over Stoke on saturday . he has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist who made masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba .
players including Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design . the 64metre mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence the game has brought to their lives . artists groups outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete .
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham . a social media campaign has been launched for the match on sunday . fans who don't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in demonstrations .
lazio defeated aston villa 1-0 in the first leg of the coppa italia semi-final . holders Napoli went into the match as favourites but were knocked out . sub substitute Senad Lulic scored a late winner to set up a final against Juventus . the result sees the holders reach the final of the competition .
downton has been sacked as managing director of ECB . he took the huge call to sack Kevin Pietersen and then re-appointed Peter Moores . downon also oversaw the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain .
pensioner will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture at a football match . three black players are expected to give evidence at the trial . goult, 72, was granted unconditional bail and the case will return to the magistrates' court in June .
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for real madrid in the 68th minute against Rayo Vallecano . the portuguese forward netted in the second half to move them within four points of their great rivals . he became the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul . but he joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with a header against goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez .
blackburn were trailing 1-0 following Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike . blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a last-gasp equaliser . 'it was more shock that he managed to do that and turn,' says blackburn boss .
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay against blackburn . he was sent off for a stamp on ander Herrera at anfield on march 22 . but he could feature in the final at wembley on his birthday .
blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time . Philippe Coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games . he kept Raheem Sterling quieter than most full backs in the premier league would .
the 75-year-old is one of five men to complete the career grand slam . he was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw at augusta national . the ace was Nicklaus' first on the hallowed turf of augusta but was eclipsed by that of Camilo Villegas .
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game as liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 . the result sets up a wembley clash with aston villa on sunday . it has been a dramatic 24 hours for captain Jordan Henderson . his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba .
suarez scored 31 goals in the premier league for the reds last season . the striker has also impressed with his boundless energy . but there hasn't been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over blackburn . the french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area . he was replaced by Kolo toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence .
hector bellerin scored in arsenal's 4-1 win over liverpool last weekend . the young right back has emerged as a star after filling in for mathieu debuchy . but his status as the club's premier sprinter is most in question . he shaved one hundredth of a second off the club sprint record .
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya . the decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday . real madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded .
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 2-0 at parkhead in the scottish premiership . a Kris Commons penalty gave the hosts a 1-0 lead before the break . thistle midfielder James Craigen was shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for his 'last man' challenge .
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout against bayer leverkusen . the spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a kick into the chest of leverkussien's Stefan Kiessling . he then converted the decisive penalty after bayer goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort .
layton Ndukwu gave the home side the lead with 20 minutes to go . but a late goal from Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker sealed victory . city will now face a final at the city football academy stadium . the first leg takes place on january 20 before travelling to stamford bridge .
two college students have been charged in connection to an alleged rape on a florida beach during spring break . Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case .
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song la Vida loco . italian media claimed she tried to take her own life and was found by her mother . but the model told her fans she was 'well' and had no intention of ending her life . she said: 'luckily I'm fine now nothing serious I need only a bit of rest'
burnell 'bernie' Mitchell has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . 61-year-old has also been arrested on suspicion preparing and instigating acts of terrorism . his sister is the singer who fronted the 1970s band Boney M .
the storm prediction center upgraded its advisory level to a moderate risk . it stressed that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri . fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's 'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado .
the banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots . locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure .
capello insists defender should never have been stripped of his captaincy . italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, the brother of then-teammate Rio, during a match against QPR in 2011 . capello resigned as England manager in February 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the FA's decision .
alain Robert scaled the 75-storey tower in the united arab emirates without a safety harness . the 52-year-old free-climber has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent .
new book reveals a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . official inquiry into the blaze, led by Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell, concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish at the Valley Parade ground . today, the retired judge rubbished the claims saying they are 'nonsense' .
shooter opened fire on elite police unit that stormed house at 8am this morning . he shot at officers who raided the home in the north-eastern city of Zaragoza . his daughter's boyfriend was shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun . the 50-year-old is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in the city .
the 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and even cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the river . the canal and river trust in bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well as six vehicles . divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions, including mopeds .
a grinning Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband . the couple were watching a men's football match at a stadium on monday . it was part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung .
rodent was found inside the packaging of sliced white bread . it is believed he had been to the store in mk for the first time . but he said it was the last time he would shop at the supermarket . when aldi replied he wrote that his pregnant wife was 'upset'
the tiger was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing . as the bird flew directly upwards it began to flip right onto its back and go skidding along the slippery ground . the hilarious moment took place at the zoo in northeast china and was captured by photographer Libby Zhang .
the 20-year-old is thought to be the first university student to be picked by the US side in at least two decades . he pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper Cirilo Saucedo from close range . it was the third international goal for Juan Agudelo and first since march 2011 .
former boxer's former trainer has been charged with a sexual assault . the 59-year-old helped prepare him for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012 . Shannon's stable includes Hatton's brother, the european welterweight champion .
a bird pooed in the left back's mouth during a match against Swansea . united players hung a fake bird above his peg as a joke, says Luke Shaw . he says he picks up tips from goalkeeper David de Gea and is approachable off the pitch .
framed photographs of title-chasing team found in a skip outside the stadium . pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images . a spokesperson for the club said the images were ‘old and not being used anymore’ .
jurgen Klopp will leave the Westfalenstadion at the end of the season . defender mats Hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united . midfielder Ilkay Gundogan is also a target for premier league clubs .
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and is keen on a move to liverpool . the 25-year-old admits he supported the club as a boy and would like to play in the premier league . his favourite player growing up was Steven Gerrard, who will leave at the end of the season .
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry . the 24-year-old was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA . labadie was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 by the fa .
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute at the Stade de Gerland . Ligue 1 top scorer Alexandre Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later . the win moves Lyon up to 64 points from 32 games in the french league .
the team normally plays only three or four times a season . it is managed by former barnet boss Paul Fairclough . fairclough selects non-league players aged 23 and under .
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on tuesday night . they are the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion from league one . defender aden Flint has scored 11 goals this season . the 25-year-old was on target at wembley and also at valley parade .
the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order . he will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest . the bad boy was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013 . the panel will also advise on how football's world governing body should examine and research any long-term effects on the brain through head injury or repeated concussion episodes .
a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans . referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed south Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory . police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident .
'i've never seen a relationship like the one between Luis [Suarez], Neymar and Leo [Messi],' says defender . 'they get on superbly. there's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch,' he adds . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against psg .
schizophrenic lavall hall, 25, was fatally shot outside his home on february 15 . footage shows shell cases flying as a police officer shouts 'get on the f****** ground or you're dead' on the footage . hall's family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Miami Gardens and the two police officers, Peter Ehrlich and Eddo Trimino .
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, was first diagnosed with arthritis in 2013 . she was initially given daily pain medication to help relieve the pain . but on a health check-up on tuesday, surgeons anaesthetised her . suma was given a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and maybe years .
magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused 'sharp jolt' to be felt north of los angeles . epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of San Fernando . no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported .
an eBay user posted what appeared to be laminated badge featuring a photo of Aaron Hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old . the listing was deleted on Saturday and had zero bids . Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister .
benefits cheat was caught on film putting up goalposts at his local club . 58-year-old claimed he could barely walk and needed crutches to get around . but he was filmed looking sprightly as he helped put up spectator barriers . blackpool magistrates heard he claimed £3,500 in disability benefits .
model Kate Upton has revealed that photographer Terry Richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission . the one-minute-long film has been viewed more than 22 million times . 'Cat Daddy' was uploaded to YouTube two years ago .
former liverpool defender Daniel Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA after allegedly elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen . the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials .
YouTube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . footage shows the tabby producing gurgling noises as she is petted . when her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds .
a youngster admiring his catch was left surprised when the fish jumped up and slapped him in the face . Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana when the pair caught a bowfin . the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
the Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre . videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound .
the reigning world champion has become mired in paperwork . the 30-year-old claims his new deal with Mercedes is '99.6% done' . but the fine print of the terms and conditions means 'it is unlikely' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's Chinese grand prix .
van Persie's son was filmed scoring with a 'scorpion kick' in his garden . the seven-year-old has trained with both clubs and starred in an advert . van persie will reportedly be offered £5million to leave the club this summer .
Jimmy Anderson is three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's record . he is the most prolific bowler in the history of the england batsmen . but west indies made him wait on an attritional day in antigua .
Adlene Guedioura and Matej Vydra score as watford beat millwall 2-0 . millwall had an early penalty shout turned down by keeper David Forde . the visitors sank further into relegation trouble with a 2-0 defeat at the king power stadium .
the 22-year-old broke his leg during a goalless draw with huddersfield . he was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute at the amex stadium . the portuguese starlet has been in impressive form since joining in august .
defender Jason denayer is wanted back by city for a pre-season assessment . the 19-year-old is keen to pursue a first-team breakthrough after making his international debut for Belgium last month . but deila admits that that won't happen in time for the first Champions League qualifier on July 16 .
a professor invited her 11-year-old autistic son to a class in new york . during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory . a student took the photos and her father posted them on reddit .
mats Hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united . the 26-year-old has two years left on his contract at the club . but the german defender admits he is considering his future . click here for more transfer news .
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup quarter-finals . a long-distance volley in extra time gave the hosts a 3-2 victory . the result sees them advance to the last eight of the competition . earlier, a second-half penalty was converted to allow Wolfsburg to advance .
'in many small moments Bayern were better, so they deserved to win,' says Klopp . 'Bayern were not the better team, I can only remember two chances. we had not much more, but a bit more,' he says .
jose mourinho's side beat queens park rangers 1-0 in the west london derby . the match took place at loftus road, where the skipper racially abused then-qpr defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . a cacophony of boos rang out around the ground as he touched the ball in the opening minute . but there was no noticeable reaction from any of Chris Ramsey's players until Charlie Austin made himself known to the centre-
chelsea travel to loftus road for their 700th game under roman abramovich . the blues have won three premier leagues, four FA Cups, three league cups, one Europa League and one champions league since 2004 . if the first 699 games under Russian rule has established Chelsea at the top of english and european football, Mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team .
the final 18 seconds of the Elite Round group 4 qualifier will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . leah Williamson took a penalty in the 96th minute against Norway . the young Lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 .
a new episode of mockumentary shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on top gear . episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked .
the first year students at Washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake in Missouri when the giant Asian carp decided to strike . filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum captured the rowing under a bridge as he walked up the dock to greet them . he laughed as the ripples get larger and more frequent and fish can be seen leaping from the water .
the woman known only as Goska spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil . she has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . one-year-old rescued jaguar, perseu, was captured on video being bottle-fed by the volunteer .
a search for 'hot' pictures of a political strategist was shared on his twitter account . a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' to 'susan del percio hot' he said 'mistakes like this happen' before apologizing to the strategist . the tweet included a series of random characters before the link .
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang . pictures show him smiling and waving, with his right-hand wrist in bandages . doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist and judged it to be minor .
the storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, but those areas saw minimal damage . storms rumbled through the southern plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather .
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan . but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to 14 stone 2lbs . her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was part of a plan to keep her by his side .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after the pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards southend - but on the London-bound track . some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries .
louis van gaal's side host premier league leaders Chelsea on saturday . united have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks . but manager's current form means they can beat anyone .
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for the under 21s on his comeback from a collapsed lung . the 26-year-old came through the first half of united's 2-0 defeat to Derby . he has made just one premier league start since his £6million arrival . De Jong has an outside chance of playing in the final six matches .
moussa sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva . the incident happened during the 2-0 defeat at anfield on monday night . but head coach John carver feels it should have been a straight red . he said: 'the club will deal with that situation' .
the 25-year-old midfielder says the club deserve more than it is getting . he was one of the only players who deserves credit this season . the england international was part of a shift against sunderland .
the two fighters clashed in the very first round of their 12-round bout . it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance . he fought for a lengthy period with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm . the result was deemed a draw by the judges in new york .
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par . he is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship . the former us open champion said he would never consider not playing .
Niall Horan fell while caddying for Rory McIlroy at the Masters . the one direction singer also hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee . but the pair are set to reunite on stage at the end of the summer .
the 32-year-old striker was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in Newcastle . he was booed by some when he walked out at the event on Thursday . sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on sunday .
barcelona defeated almeria 4-0 in their la liga clash on tuesday . defender Martin Montoya scored a lofted pass from 30 yards 'downtown' . the ball sinks directly into a basketball ring on the other side of the training ground .
the 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries he has managed . but he insists his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media . he was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a campaign against his side .
cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the ballon d'or . arsene wenger said last year he was 'totally against' the award . but chelsea boss jose mourinho has sided with wenger . the blues travel to loftus road on sunday to face arsenal .
world no 1 recorded birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . the 25-year-old was four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman . he said: 'it could have been a round that got away from me'
Kevin Pietersen posed for a team photo for the Surrey team at the KIA Oval . the event comes before the start of the county championship season . downton's sacking has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return .
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par on his first round at augusta . the world no 111 chipped like a champion on the first hole . he then drifted into a bunker on the third hole and fired one into the crowd . but he was rewarded with a par-five on the final hole after a poor chip .
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield . the argentine has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi . law has flown to argentina to rubber-stamp the deal .
'when we beat united in the champions league in 2004 I got that beautiful face of a manager which I try to have myself,' he said . 'the first face was the competitor, the man that tried everything to win. and after that I found the man with principles, with respect for the opponent, with the fair play' . the former chelsea boss has had many spats with arsenal boss arsene wenger .
leah Williamson stepped up again to take a penalty against Norway . the 18-second replay was supposed to last for 18 seconds . but a german referee blunder ordered the game to be replayed . UEFA chiefs ruled the game should be re-run at 9.45pm .
Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014 . the 24-year-old caddied for him during the opening round of the Masters . toger woods' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him on the course .
the day after the reds secured an FA Cup semi-final berth . Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out . the night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four .
former captain has held talks with new ECB chief executive on Thursday . he is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of Andrew Strauss and alec Stewart . but he will demand almost unprecedented responsibility if he's to head up revolution .
snooker's governing body had been criticised for allowing the 29-year-old a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip qualifying tournament . doherty, who won the world championship title back in 1997, took out the first frame 71-15 . 'i don't know how I won that final frame. if it had gone to 9-9, I'd have been a million-to-one to win it
world boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the darts in his home town of Sheffield . the 28-year-old received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the motorpoint arena . he watched on as Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place .
Sergio Aguero insists manchester city can retain the premier league . the argentine has struggled for form and fitness this season . manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at home to crystal palace on monday .
teenager took to social media after welbeck scored winner for arsenal . vile tweet read: 'welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***...' after complaint . police identified the user and passed on information to Wiltshire police .
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august . the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on tuesday . she will be heavily pregnant as she guides Murray through Wimbledon .
aljaz bedene defeated fellow qualifier Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 . the 25-year-old will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s persistent groin problems . the 21-year-old has been struggling with a hamstring strain for several months . he should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur .
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 . the 21-year-old became the youngest first-round leader in Masters history . he now owns a three-shot lead going into day two at augusta .
goalkeeper was embarrassed by a ball boy during a 3-3 draw with aston villa . the ball boy pretends to hand the former england stopper the ball back . he then rolls the ball between the 35-year-old's legs . green is no stranger to blooper reel moments, having let Clint Dempsey's shot slip through his fingers at the 2010 world cup .
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston police officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview . this as she revealed that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting - and doesn't plan to . she also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated . 'that's just not his character. it's not,' she said .
the pair were dicing for 13th place when they hit the back of Maldonado's Lotus . the incident unfolded on lap 49 of the Chinese grand prix in china . alonso moved up two places after the incident .
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton in china . the german has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season . but he was grumpy after he missed out on pole by 0.042secs .
the french rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace Philippe Saint-Andre . saint-andre has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of les Bleus . he will remain in charge for the world cup in england from September 18 to 31 .
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at allianz park on saturday . they are separated by just two points and two places with four games left . the 22-game premiership campaign concludes on may 16 .
winger has been out of action since january with shoulder injury . the 26-year-old is leaving to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish . head coach Gregor Townsend has confirmed he has played his last game .
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Adelaide Strikers . the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since 2011 . he has signed a two-year deal with the south australian franchise .
Jimmy Anderson bowled just four overs on day two of the first test in antigua . he needed four wickets to overtake the great Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 . but his pace attack colleague Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner' .
curtly ambrose gave an animated pep talk to west indies bowlers on day two . the paceman terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s . he looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session .
Ben Stokes was denied the wicket of Jermaine Blackwood in antigua . the 23-year-old overstepped the line when he thought he had his 23rd test wicket . a similar error saw him denied his first test wicket against australia in 2013 .
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the test side . captain alastair cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 . england captain geoff boycott was also critical of the pair .
arsene wenger says he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league . the gunners beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor on saturday . wenger has been praised by burnley boss Sean Dyche this season .
everton drew 1-1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday . defender seamus Coleman was fouled by home striker marvin emnes . manager roberto martin said the referee should have given a free-kick .
Craig Dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban . youssouf muumbu starts a three-game ban against barclays rivals . defender missed last weekend's 4-1 defeat to qpr .
Harry Panayiotou has won the barclays premier league player of the month award . the 20-year-old scored three goals for Leicester in march . he also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty .
the club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season . full accounts registered with Companies House on monday show that £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum . the revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight .
the fa will wait for referee andre marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control . 'we don't want any objects thrown on the pitch,' says queens park rangers manager . jose mourinho refuses to be drawn into the controversy .
qpr lost 1-0 to queens park rangers at loftus road on saturday . cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for the blues . jose mourinho's side struggled to get into their rhythm .
west brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation . the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit . astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 .
Diafra Sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury . the 25-year-old came off after 58 minutes of westham's 1-1 draw with Stoke . he was sent for scans on monday amid fears he may have a minor tear .
myles Hippolyte and Marius Zaliukas traded goals in 1-1 draw at Livingston . Rangers have only won once in their last five away games . the ibrox boss wants his side to put their stuttering away form behind them .
Shane Ferguson has not played since his country's 2-0 european qualifier win over Greece in October . the 23-year-old's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season . defender Remie street went off injured after 44 minutes of his debut .
the 23-year-old has been out injured since he joined the club in january . but he is back training at the club's Murray Park training base . manager Stuart McCall is confident he can play a vital role in promotion push . he said: 'he is mentally in the right place, as in he's here to help'
the Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests . the club have reassured fans that the club still owns trademarks and the badge . but they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct .
the rest of the squad took part in a training session at the Valdebebas complex . there was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez . pepe and Sami Khedira were on the bench during the session . real will face atletico in the second leg of the champions league on saturday .
the 22-year-old has been one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years . the Belgian keeper helped Chelsea to the league cup earlier in the season . he now wants to win the premier league with the blues in his sights .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . the 32-year-old would be a good fit under arsene wenger, insists carlo cudicini . cech would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the emirates .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final . a late strike from Neymar and a second-half brace from Luis suarez sealed victory for the catalan giants . manager Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department' .
today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster . a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 who died . liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims . fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond .
Wales beat Israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in haifa on tuesday . they have now climbed 15 places to reach their highest ever ranking . England have climbed three places to 14 while Scotland are up 10 spots to 29 .
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on sunday . striker Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the first half . he is the first player to take on the challenge - keepy ups with a tennis ball .
laKenya Hall drove six children to fight another group of juveniles . one of the children was shot in the upper thigh at the second location . a 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a gun .
Luke Shaw admits he has endured a frustrating debut season at man united . the 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions . defender says he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on saturday .
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in premier league history . the midfielder lobbed goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time to level the scores at 1-1 . but the 'incredible' goal would end up in the back of the net as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner .
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea . Xabi Alonso scored twice in 2006 while with the reds - once with each foot . david Beckham scored the final goal in a 3-0 win for united against Wimbledon .
Charlie Adam scored an incredible 66-yard goal against Chelsea . the strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance . back in 2009, he scored a similar effort against Accrington Stanley .
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at stamford bridge . he scored from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996 . the striker admitted he had mixed emotions after the goal .
west Ham will have Ecuador forward Enner Valencia available again following a toe injury . defender James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season . striker Andy Carroll (knee) remains sidelined, along with canada defender Doneil Henry (hamstring)
jose mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite midfielders' decline . the blues beat Stoke 2-1 at the etihad stadium on saturday . defenders Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have all struggled .
Robin van persie has declared himself fit for the derby against Manchester city . the 31-year-old has missed united's last six games with an ankle injury . he has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes so far . united have won all five of their subsequent premier league matches .
defender is out of contract at the end of the season . he has been linked with a move to old trafford from barcelona . the 32-year-old is one of barca's top earning defenders .
Mamadou Sakho will miss liverpool's trip to anfield with a hamstring injury . daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team despite an injury scare . papiss cisse sits out the fourth of his seven premier league matches .
Luis Suarez reveals he sneaked into the Nou Camp for a photo . the forward has been in fine form for the club since his £75million move . suarez spoke candidly about real madrid's interest in signing him .
rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs about the striker . but he had hoped he might be maturing as he got older . tries to recruit other strikers, in particular Alexis Sanchez, had failed .
liverpool face aston villa in the last four of the premier league on saturday . the reds beat blackburn 1-0 in the quarter-final replay at wembley in 2012 . but the midfielder missed all three games with a serious knee injury . he can play his first game at the national stadium in a red shirt .
mario balotelli was not included in the squad to face arsenal or blackburn this week . he was labelled 'pathetic' by former blackburn midfielder robbie Savage . the £16million striker posted a photo of himself holding a temperature of 38.7C .
derry mathews was due to face richar Abril on April 18 in liverpool . the 31-year-old may still fight for the title in his home city if the world boxing association strip him of his belt . a statement from his promoter read: 'this is the second time he has withdrawn from this fight'
Newcastle were beaten 1-0 by rivals sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday . head coach carver admits club need to look at character of their dressing-room this summer . 'there aren't many Ws (wins) next to their names,' says carver .
amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out for the 'one big payday' . the bolton-born boxer has agreed a fight with his opponent on may 30 . but the undefeated 28-year-old insists he only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him .
Messi opened the scoring for the hosts with a left-footed strike in the first half . suarez doubled the lead in the second half when he scored a similar strike to double the lead . bartra then added a third on 75minutes after a trademark curled strike . the argentine scored his 33rd league goal of the season to give the hosts a seven-point lead in La Liga .
unai emery has guided his side to fifth in the la liga table . the basque-born 43-year-old is often seen gesturing on the touchline . he has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' since taking over at the club .
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta . the 21-year-old singer fell while carrying the northern irishman's clubs . he tee off on the ninth hole after shooting a one-under-par round . Tiger Woods played in the par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years .
the world no 1 has won all of his four majors after rain at augusta . if he wins the masters, he will complete the career grand slam . but a wet course will play into his hands at the prestigious event .
alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February . but trainer Fergal O'Brien says he is in better shape this time around . the 10-year-old gelding has not run since pulling up at Cheltenham in 2013 .
stars including Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names in the 80s and 90s . now their daughters are taking the reigns - many of the models of the moment have come from supermodel stock . the likes of Georgia Jagger, Amber le Bon and Ella Richards have all walked for big name designers like Tommy Hilfiger and Chanel .
players took part in a minute silence before the game at Anfield . the fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster . flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial . fans in the Kop held up banners in honour of the 96 victims .
porto are the only undefeated side in the champions league so far . they face former Barcelona team-mate pep guardiola at Dragao on tuesday . porto have conceded five goals and scored 24 goals in the competition . but former goalkeeper Julen Lopetegui says they have room to improve .
the 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the catalan giants . ter Stegen joined the club from borussia monchengladbach in the summer . the german keeper is confident of his ability and wants to play .
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrated the start of the Thai new year with a game of kick-ups . the foursome were joined by club mascot Stamford the Lion during the light-hearted game . it was the second time in a matter of days that brown was on the winning side after the 18-year-old captained Chelsea's under 19 side to UEFA youth league final glory .
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . the 39-year-old arrived at augusta on monday ranked 111rd . woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it .
the northern irishman will carry a member of one direction's one direction bag . fiancee Caroline wozniacki wore the caddie's famous white boiler suit . one direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year .
real madrid face ninth-placed Rayo Vallecano at the estadio de Vallecas on tuesday . gareth bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during a training session . the former england international is now a doubt according to his manager .
three players diagnosed with dengue fever in brazil this week . players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions . health officials have asked clubs to check their training centres for mosquito breeding sites .
the Ligue 1 champions will be without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti and the injured David Luiz . psg beat olympique de Marseille 3-2, thrashed st etienne 4-1 and won the league cup final 4-0 against bastia on saturday .
'why bid farewell to football if you are playing well?' says the 37-year-old . italian goalkeeper has no immediate plans to retire . he stopped Monaco from scoring an away goal in the champions league .
the final game of the championship season has been pushed back 24 hours . the move was designed to accommodate broadcasters . hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play on may 3 . hearts chairwoman Ann Budge has lodged complaints with the league .
the 27-year-old will marry fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane . there are believed to be well over 100 people attending the event . the only non-british player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer, a doubles specialist from the Dutch Antilles .
the 28-year-old was sent off in the opening moments of last year's grand final . he stunned the 76,000 crowd with his attack on the half-back . flower will return for Wigan in the derby against warrington on tuesday .
flower landed a sickening punch on hohaia in the super league grand final . the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban for the attack . he promised that he is now a changed man after the incident .
the 37-year-old has not played since the super league leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago . coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed . he had feared he could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation .
the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract . united officials are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus . italian giants Juventus and inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move .
the reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four . goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen secured three points . the defeat was Newcastle's fifth in succession and left them in relegation danger .
Cristiano Ronaldo pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during training on Monday . the world player of the year was wowing partner Karim Benzema and sending Luka Modric to the floor . real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend, cutting the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points .
canny YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hard-boiled egg . he pops the egg into a glass before filling it quarter of the way with tap water . after approximately ten seconds of shaking, he lifts up the shell of the egg which has been loosened from the egg with no hassle .
the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze opened on 27 march . it is inspired by the hit television show 'get me out of here!' the maze invites both young and old non-celebrities to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves .
former rugby star and husband of Zara Phillips bought horse for £12,000 at auction . after £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions’ . many clouds ridden by Irish jockey leighton aspell came out on top .
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years . the forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano's club record . he has scored 206 goals with his right foot, 52 with his left, even 41 with his head .
Southampton sit seventh in the premier league with 53 points from 31 outings . they have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form . the saints have scored just seven goals in their last 10 league matches, resulting in 14 points from a potential 30 .
chelsea face queens park rangers at the etihad stadium on sunday . the blues winger is set to make his 100th appearance in the premier league . he has scored 17 goals and added nine assists this season .
supporters are threatening to boycott the next home game against Spurs . supporters are protesting at Mike Ashley's running of the club . carver says he would walk away if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment .
crystal palace host sunderland in the premier league on saturday . the eagles beat champions city 2-1 at home on monday night . pardew says fans should concentrate on his in-form side .
richie Benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight . broadcaster had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer . he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on tuesday night . former australia captain Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute to him .
the current 100m x 66m pitch at the Britannia Stadium is the joint smallest in the premier league - along with the loftus road and white hart lane . the pitch is set to be extended by at least 15ft for next season . ten clubs currently meet the regulation size of the pitch . but exceptions are allowed 'if it is impossible to comply' with rule K21 .
mark Selby beats fellow englishman Elliot Slessor to reach last 16 . england's ding Junhui had two breaks of 86 to set up a third-round clash . former world champions shaun Murphy came from behind to beat Anthony McGill 5-4 .
the 24-year-old has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range . she has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them . the range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1 .
college basketball player Lauren hill died on friday morning after a brave battle with a rare form of brain cancer . the 19-year-old was diagnosed with the rare cancer shortly after her 18th birthday . she played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph university in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the disease . earlier this year, she became an honorary coach and moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away .
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career . he has coached a whole host of world class stars during his career as a manager . here, sportsmail picks his best ever xi .
a video from the office of transportation shows characters in 'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone . 37 pedestrians died last year from being hit by cars while walking around the city . the campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by drivers while on their phones .
manuel pellegrini says he does not fear for his job despite his poor form . the 29-year-old is expected to be assessed on saturday . defender played 90 minutes in city's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace . but he picked up a hamstring injury at the weekend .
midfielder Charlie Colckett gave the hosts the lead with a deflected shot . striker Dominic Solanke then scored a brace before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win . Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final .
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the west indies on monday . 'i didn't know if things would go my way again and I'd have this opportunity,' he admits . the england skipper was forced to quit the last ashes tour .
manchester united face rivals city at old trafford on sunday afternoon . louis van gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the premier league . striker Robin van Persie could return to action after being declared fit .
ex-qpr boss claims 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation . the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to quit in february . former west ham boss was aware of constant talk of a replacement .
winger Ross McCormack opened the scoring for the hosts with a curling effort from a corner . but a stunning free-kick from defenders Jermaine Pennant and matt Smith levelled the scores for the visitors . it was the first time the two sides have met in the premier league this season . new manager malky mackay has been sacked as manager of the championship side .
arsenal travel to burnley in the premier league on saturday . arsene wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game . the gunners have won 15 of their last 17 games in all competitions . wenger's side are seven points clear at the top of the table .
the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country . smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend on his newly opened twitter . his team-mate Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site .
Gareth Bale will be rested for the game at the Bernabeu on Saturday . the winger joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines . asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric in midfield .
qpr host premier league leaders chelsea at loftus road on saturday . captain John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 . he made racist comments to former Rs defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . but manager Chris Ramsey says he would shake his former team-mate's hand .
arsenal face burnley in the premier league on saturday . the gunners have won 10 out of their last 11 games . europcar have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist .
the blues captain revealed his PFA Player and Team of the Year picks on Instagram . Philippe Coutinho is named as the player of the year and Harry Kane as his young player . the 21-year-old's rise from obscurity to scoring 19 league goals for spurs makes him almost certain to win .
jose mourinho's side have been top of the table for 230 days . the current record belongs to man united, who led for 262 days in 1993/94 . but they can beat that record by 12 days if they stay top until the end of the season .
spanish striker injured his hamstring in 2-1 win over Stoke on saturday . the 26-year-old limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury . but manager jose mourinho says he will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season, starting on may 3 .
Gary Neville believes a star player will always choose Manchester city over the big clubs in the premier league if they have a straight choice . the former manchester united defender believes his former clubs, Chelsea and Arsenal would be a preferable option now . if a player such as Paul Pogba or mats Hummels decide on a move to the etihad, they are unlikely to select the Etihad as their destination .
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to old trafford . the midfielder anchors Dortmund's midfield and could be brought in . mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a united player .
Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to win both the PFA and Football Writers' awards . the belgian forward has been outstanding for the blues this season . but manager jose mourinho insists 'it shouldn't even be a debate' .
richie Benaud died at 84 after a battle with skin cancer . international cricket fans in England lost his voice when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite television . a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes .
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the Chinese grand prix . the three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree . Rosberg ended that session behind his in-the-groove world champion team-mate Lewis Hamilton .
the 2013 us open champion is joint third, seven shots behind runaway leader Jordan Spieth . rose bogeyed three of the first four holes, finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots . the 34-year-old revealed that he drew a pencil line on his scorecard at that point, like a line in the sand .
Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut . the american amateur continues to impress at augusta . tiger woods will surely launch his own iced lolly soon .
the masters is one of few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices . the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique . you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $3 .
arsenal boss arsene wenger has slammed post season tours as a 'nightmare' north London rivals Tottenham will be heading to australia and Malaysia after the season . the gunners are also set to travel abroad when the season is done .
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday . former captains alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say . 'anyone who scores runs will ask questions of the selectors,' says Stewart .
alec Stewart is yet to speak to the ECB about the newly-created role . the Surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at the Oval . former captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job . incoming chairman Colin Graves could start work next month .
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend . both players have been hugely influential since they moved to the etihad in the summer of 2012 . here, sportsmail's reporters pick the player they most enjoy watching in action .
police in Troy, Alabama, uncovered the clip on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy . the footage was uncovered during another investigation into the alleged attack on Panama City beach, florida, last month .
blackpool drew 1-1 with bolton wanderers at the Macron Stadium on saturday . the result was the seasiders' first away win in 343 days . a substitute, eudur Gudjohnsen, scored the only goal of the game .
courtney Griffith, 18, and Brandon Wyne, 17, were pulled over for a broken tail light . when officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana . they ordered everyone out of the car and retaliated by pepper spraying him . the boy can be seen screaming in pain, shouting: 'i'm 17 years old! Stop!' . footage has prompted an investigation into the officers' conduct .
for the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge . the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality .
Nico Rosberg will start behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton in china . the german missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in qualifying . he has been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season .
arsenal host burnley at the emirates stadium in the premier league on saturday . the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against rivals Tottenham at white hart lane on february 7 . victory will ensure they claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season . if they do manage to take three points from the game, they will still be on target to match their best ever winning streak .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at turf moor . arsene wenger's side moved further clear of the leaders in the table . but they did not create too many clear-cut chances in the first half .
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea on saturday . he was asked to 'do the robot' if he scored against the high-flyers . but the former england striker was less than impressed with his celebrations .
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn . paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening . investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300 . the exclusive Golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway XR Driver, Callaway xr 3 Wood, Callaways Xr Hybrid and a set of callaway irons . a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls are also included in this superb golf package .
the result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two . but head coach Steve McClaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team . he admitted his players only had themselves to blame for the latest setback .
blackburn beat Leeds united 3-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . tom Cairney opened the scoring with a second-half header . jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing added gloss to the victory .
middlesbrough beat relegation-threatened Wigan 2-0 at the DW Stadium . a deflected 20th-minute strike was enough to earn the win . it was the on-loan striker's 17th goal of the season .
benik afobe and Bakary Sako scored in a 2-1 win at the city ground . dexter blackstock pulled one back for the reds in the 72nd minute . but it was too little, too late for the visitors . manager Kenny jackett has told his players to keep their focus .
'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' ad shows his phone number and below reads, '*Ages 21 and up*' the father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing to find love online several times . he has joint-custody of one of his sons, so he's looking for 'at least 28'
the Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against Charles Manuel, of Lamoni . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . the agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state .
the prince and duchess of Rothesay visited the ballindalloch distillery . couple were invited to fit bungs to casks on a tour of the distillery in Aberdeenshire . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt . whisky from both cask will then be bottled to benefit of royal visitors' charities .
flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model . every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners . he is an average 20-something man, but thanks to his physical likeness to the singer, he's often asked for photos by teens .
the actor was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping . despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match .
an unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond . he went into the water to retrieve his hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time .
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop . when he tried to get out the car, he couldn't because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt . his wife Bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times .
Nike will see their agreement with the club expire on July 31 . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed . a united source said: 'it seems as though Nike are using them as scapegoats'
arsene wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Jurgen Klopp's departure as 'ridiculous' . the arsenal boss has two years left on a contract signed last summer . he is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against reading on saturday .
worker spotted jet washing roof of semi-detached home in greenwich, south east . local resident noticed lack of safety equipment on slippery tiles . he quickly took snaps of the man and said: 'it looked incredibly dangerous'
a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the pitch in 2005 . it was the second time in two seasons the sides had met in the knockout stages as they threatened continental dominance to add to their monopoly on Serie A . on Sunday, they meet again against the backdrop of a Champions League quarter-final week .
new york city drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union at the etihad on tuesday night . mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before cJ Sapong equalised . but the pressure hasn't reached Manuel Pellegrini's proportions .
a Diego Castro header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw at the coliseum alfonso perez . the match was overshadowed by a serious injury to Mateo Musacchio . he was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle buckled .
relegation battlers NAC Breda gave up a two-goal lead on saturday . but after the hour mark the home side appeared to crumble . the 46-year-old threw a devastating right hook to the side of the dugout . he sent his fist through the plastic casing, cutting his hand .
the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during a charity match in bogota . a steward tried to stop him while applauding fans after the match . maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans .
callum Wilson opened the scoring in the fourth minute at the madejski stadium . the 22-year-old's 22nd goal of the season secured a third successive win . howe: 'it was nervy, with what’s at stake it was always going to be that way'
arsene wenger says something must be done to solve fixture scheduling mess . arsenal will take on reading on Saturday as league leaders Chelsea take on manchester united at home . the gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games - six from six in the champions league . his overall tally is 18 and barça's front three are on 91 for the season . he has established himself as one of the most feared front three in the world .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the french league . the striker lambasted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants . he will miss his side's matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes .
captain Steven Gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season . the final will be staged on may 30 - his 35th birthday . mignolet insists he won't let players entertain talk of a dream send-off .
'you can obviously look how people have done it before you but I have to be my own person and do what I feel is the best way for me to captain the team,' says captain . 'the team spirit in the dressing-room is fantastic, but there are times when you have to speak up,' he says .
binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for . the made in Chelsea star said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style .
leandro Marin gave Boca Juniors the lead in the final minute . but a delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time . the argentine giants will now face fierce rivals River Plate in the last 16 .
moly hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the los angeles times, received the letter from a man purporting to be Robert Durst at a state prison . the letter rambles on about the 71-year-old's thoughts on life in southern california . 'as long as they’re not discussing the facts or legal plans or strategy, I don’t have any problem with it,' said the suspect's lead attorney
driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud . the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has been released from shellharbour hospital . witnesses have refused to come forward for fear of being punished for underage drinking .
the annual survey from Deutsche Bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year, Australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . the survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the US dollar . it found that Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1 .
a quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two french tourists who tried to set the animal alight . the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with the animal on Rottnest Island off Perth in western australia . both men aged 18 and 24, and both currently living in Cockburn Central, were evicted from the island . they have each been charged with animal cruelty .
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St. Petersburg . the spaniard completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort from outside the box on 87 minutes . fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time equaliser saving the italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions 
two-year-old and his mother were kidnapped from their home in des Moines . mother, 40, was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties . she managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son, police said .
this as it is revealed that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year . in 2013, El Al Airlines set up a hidden camera at that airport, and found workers stealing cash, jewelry, iPhones and iPads . there have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010, with most of these coming from checked luggage .
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre hobby farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne . she spends her days playing with, feeding, and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals . her animals are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language .
carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, Florida . she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab . During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds .
the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park, stopping to chat to a fellow jogger . she wore a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap .
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team against Swansea . the 26-year-old has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung . he played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s on tuesday evening .
former model was mugged by a gang of eight on bikes in central London . she had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts from gascoigne . the 28-year-old later tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes' .
Serie a club Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . it adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season . the club have been left with 12 points from 30 games .
Piers Morgan has long been a critic of arsene wenger . he says arsenal should sack wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp . the gunners fan says the club would be a 'perfect' fit for the 'dynamic, driven young winner' .
jurgen Klopp confirms he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the 47-year-old is the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel Pellegrini at the etihad stadium . he has been linked with a move to arsenal and liverpool in the past .
the 29-year-old scored united's first goal and created two more for marouane fellaini and Chris Smalling . he said united were focused on quieting their 'noisy neighbours' at old trafford . united beat city 4-1 in the premier league on saturday .
the 31-year-old defender is out of contract at the nou camp this summer . the brazilian defender insists he is happy at the club and is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club . his agent revealed last week that he has rejected a three-year contract extension .
the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united . he has made 299 appearances for the spanish giants . the spaniard is poised to star for the catalan giants against psg .
everton beat swansea 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . lennon's first-half strike gave the visitors a 2-0 lead at the etihad . but former liverpool midfielder Jonjo Shelvey scored from 12 yards . a penalty was called for after seamus Coleman handled in the box .
everton drew 1-1 with swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday . the merseyside outfit played 10 games in the european competition this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev . goalkeeper adamant the Europa League is not to blame for the club's poor season .
the Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body . Bubka launched his manifesto, entitled 'Taking Athletics to New Heights' in an internet broadcast . the 51-year-old said there was 'no acceptance for cheaters'
barcelona will offer £50m for in-demand midfielder . he would have to be loaned back to the italian champions until 2016-17 . barca are currently under a transfer ban until the January window .
a dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon appears disinterested . without warning, the dog charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat . the video maker, who is believed to live in canada, said that the pair completely love each other .
the birds came in through the chimney in a family home in texas . the video maker initially thought they were bats but now believes they are sparrows and a bad omen . despite the infestation the family remain very calm throughout the video .
Spencer Gerlach, 20, confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on Wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in . a large knife at the scene and is believed to be the murder weapon . the victim's body was sent to medical examiners to determine how many times she was stabbed .
match of the day pundit has taken to twitter to show fans his progress . he posted the snap on his twitter saying he is 12 weeks in and 12st 12 . sportsmail's Laura Williamson described him as 'marmite'
Southampton have lost three of their last six games in the champions league . the st mary's side are seventh in the premier league table . but manager Ronald Koeman believes opponents respect them more . he believes a change in approach has been the telling factor behind the slump .
Jordan Spieth won the first major championship at augusta on sunday . the 21-year-old is the second youngest winner of all time . he finished four shots clear of the field in a start-to-finish victory .
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title by four shots on sunday . the 21-year-old became the second youngest winner after Tiger Woods in 1997 . he became only the fourth player after Jack Nicklaus and Ray Floyd to reach 17 under . world no 1 Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a last round 66 .
aljaz bedene was unable to dislodge Czech young gun Jiri Vesely . the 21-year-old has switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain . he will face spanish veteran Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals .
the 27-year-old is marrying his long-term girlfriend in his hometown of Dunblane . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year .
amelie mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby . the world no 3 will be eight months' pregnant during the summer . it is unclear how this will affect her 26 week per year commitment to the Scot .
a moment of madness from England hooker Tom Youngs handed Saracens victory . but the second-placed Londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus . winger Chris Wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence .
marland Yarde scored a crucial try in the 70th minute at the Stoop . the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn . he was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations .
captain alastair cook failed with the bat on day three of the first test . the struggling captain was also out for 13 after edging a jerome Taylor delivery into the slips . captain cook has fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump .
the ECB announced on Wednesday that moeen Ali has been called up for the next test in Grenada . the lancashire seamer picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of botham's record of 383 dismissals . he tweeted: 'i'll have a go at that price!!!' .
alastair cook failed with the bat again on day three of the first test . the captain was without an international century for almost two years . he was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many . new ECB chairman Colin Graves demands victory in west indies .
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire in the summer . the australian had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians . he tweeted: 'looks like I'll be out of the rest of @ipl at this stage!'
steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts during a session . the 27-year-old is one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history . but he was frustrated when one of his attempts bounced off the rim and out .
defending champions San Antonio Spurs take part in amusing music video . band Spuran Spuran announced debut single 'Spurs!' in a 1980s-style performance . team-mates Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band .
the Indiana Pacers beat the Washington Wizards 99-95 at the bankers life fieldhouse . the los Angeles lakers won their final game of the regular season by beating the injury-depleted Phoenix Suns 112-101 . if the los angeles lakers win, they can finish with the no 2 seed .
Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to suggest that one more win will be enough to ensure survival from relegation . villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th place . but the gap could close this weekend with burnley and Leicester in premier league action and the FA Cup semi-final .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . the win was their eighth in a row and they kept up the pressure on leaders Chelsea . striker olivier giroud wants the gunners to continue their winning run .
seven points split sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th . aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers on tuesday night . manchester city and everton are also in the relegation zone .
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion . the win improves Leicester's slim chance of survival in the premier league . 'winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing,' he said .
Leicester city beat west bromwich albion 3-2 at the hawthorns on saturday . late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy secured victory . manager Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still in their own hands .
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner at the hawthorns . the win improves Leicester's slim chance of barclays premier league survival . west brom remain bottom of the table with five games to go .
the football association will be contacting QPR and Chelsea . the incident happened during the Chelsea celebrations at loftus road . a cigarette lighter was thrown from a section of home supporters .
midfielder Cesc Fabregas scored 88th minute winner at loftus road . jubilant scenes erupted in the away end as qpr beat west london rivals . the win puts the hosts within touching distance of the premier league title .
the 25-year-old can play at right back, left back or either wing . wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle . he is keen to try his luck in the premier league and with mark Hughes .
marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser for west ham united . the result leaves the hammers ninth in the premier league table . it is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the hosts a point .
the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats . he celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over rivals Newcastle . but he has refused to rule out staying at the club beyond the end of this season .
the annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on July 29 . it is the 20th edition of the AT&T MLS All Stars game . recent participants include Bayern Munich, Manchester united and Chelsea .
former west brom striker died aged 59 from 'industrial disease' in 2002 . a 10-year study was promised to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia . but a mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out . the football association chairman apologised for the failure to acknowledge the significance of astle's death .
west ham have lost four of their last six premier league matches . they were thrashed 4-2 by rivals united at old trafford last weekend . but midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing champions city on sunday . the hammers face a 'wounded animal' at the etihad stadium . click here for all the latest premier league news .
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season . it is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer . but the striker admits he can't approach his manager about a new deal .
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the champions league again . the scottish giants lost 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in the play-off round . Messi has played at Celtic three times in Europe during his career .
the parkhead side face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on may 10 . winning their subsequent games could see Celtic win their fourth successive championship . if Celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against inverness caledonian thistle on may 24 .
the Scottish Professional Football League has moved Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday, May 2 . the decision was made after tv broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live but Hibernian hit out at the change . 'it is not clear to us why this has caused so much surprise,' said the league .
myles Hippolyte opened the scoring for Rangers with a 47th-minute free-kick . but he was soon replaced by Marius Zaliukas who doubled the lead . the result leaves Rangers two points off the relegation zone .
Barcelona have reached the milestone in 202 Champions League matches since 1992 . the spanish giants have scored 436 goals in the competition . they still have a long way to go before they can match real madrid's 436 .
two goals from Luis Suarez and an effort from Neymar gave the four-time winners a commanding 3-1 lead going into their return fixture . the media in france are damning of the performance of the Ligue 1 champions .
real madrid defender Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on . the real player denied the claims after pictures showed his mouth close to the forearm of the striker . 'for me there is no controversy, no bite, no nothing. we are already thinking about Saturday's game against Deportivo, which is really important'
angel rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months . winger Jefferson Montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month . striker Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for everton's trip to the etihad stadium . darron Gibson (metatarsal) and Bryan Oviedo (hamstring) also absent .
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem . darron Gibson (stomach) is a doubt but forwards Kevin Mirallas (dead leg) and Steven Pienaar (knee) are back in contention . goalkeeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after knee surgery .
burnley host arsenal at the emirates stadium (saturday 3pm) . gunners defenders Laurent Koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests . samir nasri and raheem sterling are both doubtful for the game .
the 20-year-old has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . the teenager was spotted arriving at Melwood on Wednesday just seconds after Sterling . he is expected to meet with manager Brendan rodgers on Thursday .
the 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking nitrous oxide . it is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . he enraged Liverpool after saying he was 'flattered' to be linked with arsenal .
four-time Olympic champion will attempt to break cycling's hour record . the 35-year-old will race in front of a sell-out crowd at the Olympic Velodrome . he finished his team sky career in the 253.5km one-day race at Paris-Roubaix .
ONE Pro Cycling confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire . the race will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on may 1 . Prior is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand .
the 2012 Tour de France winner failed to win his final race with Team Sky in the parsi-roubaix . he led a breakaway with 32 kilometres remaining, but was unable to maintain his lead . german John Degenkolb won the race ahead of Wiggins in 18th .
the 24-year-old was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre . he was taken to hospital with severe cuts to his back and shoulders . the former netApp-Endura racer took to Instagram after the race to upload pictures from his hospital bed .
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast . he will also be available in the royal London cup . the 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats .
premier league rivals will take part in the tournament this summer . the pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and august 5 . new york red bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and la galaxy will also take part .
a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante lifted the club to within a point of the champions with seven games left . barca are fourth on 65 points, while atletico are third on 66 .
liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is a target for the italian giants . he could leave the club in the summer if the pair fail to impress . mancini worked with the pair during his time at the club .
Alberto Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season . the 27-year-old is the highest-scoring spanish-national in la liga . he played for Derby on loan five years ago but looked like Champions League material . bueno is set to face his former club real madrid on tuesday .
Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad for the game against Newcastle . the striker picked up a knock at blackburn last week . manager Brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker will be monitored .
'Championship comeback' is what marca and as reported by marca . 'two points away!' read: real madrid have fully fit squad for clash with atletico . bottom club Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the stadium .
lionel messi opened the scoring with a header in the 14th minute . argentina striker yaya toure equalised in the 31st minute to give sevilla the lead . the result leaves barcelona just two points clear at the top of la liga .
Dirk Kuyt has signed a one-year contract with Feyenoord . the 34-year-old is returning to the club, nine years after leaving for liverpool . he was the club's top scorer in the 2004-2005 season .
Utrecht drew 1-1 with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard on sunday . winger Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted . the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion .
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz . the Belgian club had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end . Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at Turf Moor . a first-half strike from Aaron Ramsey gave the gunners a 1-0 lead . the win was their eighth in a row, the best run since 2004 . arsene wenger's side have won at Sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester city and now Burnley .
Jordan Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes, matching the largest halfway lead in Masters history . to shoot 14 under, the lowest two-round score at augusta, and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship, isn't boring . if he repeats his achievement at the Hero World Challenge in Florida last year, perhaps, he led from wire to wire and recorded a score of 26 under par .
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round . the 21-year-old shot a 66 to set a new 36-hole record of 14 under par . it also tied the lowest 36 hole total seen in a major, set by three others .
Derry Mathews will face Ismael Barroso for the interim world title . he was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril on the 18th of october . but he pulled out again this week after coming down with dengue fever . click here for more boxing news .
warrington will box in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds on saturday . the featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters . here, sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks .
the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on may 2 . but he took time out of his preparation to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far . the boxer also thanks former two-time NBA MVP and 14-time All-Star Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym .
unbeaten boxer Danny Garcia will fight lamont Peterson in a non-title fight . the 27-year-old revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot . he stripped off his sock to show off his six toes in an interview with TMZ .
two-time grand slam champion Andy Murray marries his girlfriend of almost 10 years in his hometown of Dunblane . the couple met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 . they got back together in 2010 following a brief split and their engagement was confirmed last November .
american television network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp . the short film takes inside the gym with the undefeated american as he prepares for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed . mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight .
Xabi alonso has his sights set on winning the champions league . the 33-year-old is the second player to win the trophy with three clubs . he won the title in his first season at liverpool and real madrid .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . Benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the trophy . his team-mate has heaped praise on manager Carlo Ancelotti .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . argentine manager Diego Simeone has extended his deal at the club until 2019 . the 44-year-old has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players .
atletico madrid host real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . the spanish giants travel to the Vicente Calderon to face rivals real . ancelotti admits facing Simeone is both an 'honour' and a 'problem' the italian also revealed he has a fully fit squad to choose from .
arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of Monaco boss arsene wenger . he upset Jardim by saying: 'they are a better team than Arsenal' . the Serie a champions travel to the emirates on tuesday .
the 31-year-old has scored six goals in the champions league this season . he will be expected to deliver in the first leg against Monaco on tuesday . massimiliano allegri's side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals lazio .
mark Clattenburg will take charge of the champions league quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona . he will be assisted by assistants Simon Beck and Jake Collin, assistants Anthony Taylor and Andre Marriner and fourth official Stuart Burt . the referee has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games so far this season .
'it could be a boring game, the important thing is not to concede a goal at home,' says massimiliano allegri . the italian believes Monaco have 'richly deserved' to reach the quarter-finals . 'the french side concede few goals and it's always more complicated to play against a team that doesn't go forward very often' .
former manchester united and city striker says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than in the premier league . the Argentine has scored 36 goals in the italian top flight since leaving for the club in 2013 . he blasted premier league midfields as 'non-existent' and said defending is better .
a string of fine saves from goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped Parma to a memorable win . the crisis-hit club were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season . however, they are still in last place, 10 points from safety, with nine matches remaining .
Nicky Law scored twice in the 4-0 win against Raith Rovers on sunday . he has been a rejuvenated figure under former motherwell boss Stuart McCall . law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs . Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest .
callum Wilson puts the Cherries ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute . Yann Kermorgant's 25-yard free-kick wrong-footed goalkeeper David Stockdale and flew into the left of goal . the result moves them four points clear at the top of the championship .
blackburn were eliminated from the competition on tuesday night . manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest . he rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the past two windows .
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on tuesday night . it was the former liverpool striker's 1,000th goal in european competition . suarez's strike partner Lionel Messi shared an image of the duo inside the Parc des Princes dressing room via his facebook page .
pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager . the new manager stuck up for argentina star lionel messi in 2008 . he took the young argentine under his wing after training on monday .
it has been 88 years since the royals last made an appearance in the semi-finals . they face premier league giants arsenal at wembley on sunday . manager Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion .
jurgen Klopp has told bosses he wants to leave at the end of the season . the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the club as far as he can . a press conference will be held at 12.30pm on tuesday .
96 red balloons were released at the annual memorial service at anfield . tributes were paid to 96 supporters who died at the disaster 26 years ago . families, fans, players and club legends attended the service . an inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and there is a 'job to be done'
Stephen Dodd took photograph of asif bodi and abubakar Bhula at anfield . he said: 'muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' club authorities say they will 'take appropriate action' against the supporter .
Luis Suarez doubles his tally to give barcelona a 3-0 lead at the etihad . the uruguay international has scored 17 goals for the club this season . he has scored 10 goals in his last 11 games - including two at manchester city .
bayer leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban . the 34-year-old was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury . but amateur footage shows him involved in an altercation with stewards . he appeared to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff . spahic will issue an apology for his behaviour .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off . the 4pm start allows supporters more time in the pub . both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the final of the french cup . the striker took his career tally to 102 goals since joining the club three years ago . argentine winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final .
blackburn defeated aston villa 1-0 in their quarter-final replay at wembley . blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a late equaliser . he went up for a corner and found the ball at his feet 12 yards out . the result sets up a clash with the likes of chelsea in the next round .
sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer . he has also been accused of racially abusing opponents at the etihad .
will Stevens is yet to compete in qualifying or the race for his new team . the 23-year-old is hoping for third time lucky this weekend . manor have had their teething problems since being rescued from administration .
castleford's blockbusting winger dislocated his elbow in the win over Hull . he will be out for six to eight weeks after being told he needs elbow surgery . the news could have been worse for carney, who did not suffer a break .
taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova . the 24-year-old has refused to fight for Great Britain since may 2012 . he is aggrieved that he was overlooked in favour of a bronze medallist .
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with the head of George North as he crossed the line to score a try for northampton on march 27 . the winger was shown a red card for the offence, but that has now been rescinded . wasps appealed the decision, but the ban was thrown out on appeal .
toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the heineken cup era . no side has ever won three European titles on the trot, though Leicester and Munster have also previously registered back to back triumphs . captain Carl Hayman admits his side 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive european title .
toulon defeated wasps 3-0 in the champions cup on sunday . a late Ali Williams try put the hosts beyond doubt . it was the third of four english challengers to be knocked out of the tournament .
the 29-year-old will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa . he was suspended by USA swimming following his drink-driving arrest in september . the arrest was his second in 10 years after he pleaded guilty to driving under the influence .
milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile . he was changing flights at Auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry .
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo 'committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation' against two children, aged 5 and 6 . the couple were charged in march after they allegedly performed sex acts on the children and forced them to carry out sordid acts on each other'
world no 5 watched a basketball game in Indiana alongside NFL star J.J. Watt . the pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game on Monday . wozniacki spent the day before the game with US president Barack Obama .
world no 5 Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the white house to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll . the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with Kelly and Michael . white house hosts the event once a year on the lawn outside .
family and friends broke down in court as they listened to 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save their son . the 22-year-old, from Melbourne, was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun in august 2013 . chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder . he allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past .
Pablo Osvaldo believes that his former team-mates Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti should move to argentina . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton . he scored three goals in six games for the argentine giants .
the incident occurred at Ben Gurion international airport in israel . six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames . it is unknown how or why the fire broke out on the right-hand side .
van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city at old trafford . but van persie is not yet fit enough to play against city on sunday . the united boss said: 'i dream of it. every player should dream of the victory'
Manchester city host united at old trafford in the premier league on saturday . united have hit form at the right time, while city have blown chances . here, sportsmail looks at how a composite Xi of the sides might take shape .
manuel pellegrini's future will be decided when the dust settles on a creaking season . defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman Khaldoon al Mubarak closer to pressing the termination button . a victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation and reignite ambitions to finish second .
louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing man city . the united boss believes his side will not be as defensive as aston villa . he lost his first encounter with united's closest rivals last November . but he believes city's attacking tendencies will work in their favour .
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united's rise up the table . he points out the likes of angel di mari, Radamel Falcao, ander Herrera, Juan Mata and daley blind . city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions . they have not won away since mid-February .
the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in the centre of midfield . but now he has been returned to his preferred position up front . he is the most serious threat to city's prospects at old trafford .
keeper smiled and exchanged a fist pump with sunderland striker before half-time . but he later defended his actions, saying: 'what he did was a mistake' sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised the keeper for his actions . the former liverpool defender said it was not good sportsmanship .
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . defender jermain Defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley in the first half . the 32-year-old has scored just twice for the black cats since joining .
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday . defender jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the 45th minute . the 32-year-old admits he had to question that it was even happening .
Newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland in the premier league on saturday . head coach carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by the defeat . he said his side were second best in every department in the first half . but he added: 'if we'd have got to half-time at 0-0, I actually would have been doing somersaults in the dressing room' .
Defoe opened the scoring for the hosts in the 45th minute with a left-footed volley . the former tottenham striker scored his third goal for the club in the north east derby . it was his third for sunderland and his third in the premier league . defender roberto soldado equalised for the visitors in the second half .
a family court judge ruled that the boy must stay in the care of his local authority . the boy had to have 13 teeth taken out due to a high sugar diet two years ago . a judge said the boy's parents accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to the diet .
pekingese marley and mitzy were left to play in the front garden of their home . but they were snatched when the couple weren't looking - and neighbours believe they have caught the suspected thief on CCTV .
half of those surveyed were assaulted before they were 18 years old . the poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour .
lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading football club with madejski . the 73-year-old is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf . she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games . a super-rich Harvard Business School graduate who became the first female on the Thai Airways board .
liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season . balotelli's team-mate Daniel Sturridge and arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also been targeted . anti-discrimination body kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 directed towards premier league players .
the 20-year-old set a new world record for the 100m breast stroke . his time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african Cameron van der Burgh at the 2012 olympics . peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training has paid off .
former footballer made his presenting debut as a co-host on Monday morning . the 45-year-old looked to help a brother and sister-in-law renovate a house . he was brimming with ideas for first-time property developers Mike and Lucia .
united squad pictured travelling to west london via stockport railway station . captain Wayne Rooney led the way as they travelled to the capital on friday . striker may have to revert to a midfield role against the blues . united face a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash . click here for all the latest premier league news .
louis van gaal has revealed that four players are out injured for the red devils . daley blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are also out injured . 'the worst scenario', he called it ahead of the game with the blues at stamford bridge on saturday . manchester united have won six straight premier league games .
Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year . this is the third instance in a matter of months where a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl . supporters have been protesting against the ownership of their club before matches and then not attending games .
Shay Given will start for Aston villa against Liverpool on sunday . the 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition . given has kept two clean-sheets in all four of villa's matches this season .
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against arsenal in the FA Cup . but he was substituted at half-time by louis van gaal at old trafford . the £28million defender has not played since and was withdrawn from recent squad . he is struggling to come to terms with his new life at united .
Philippe Coutinho was sold to liverpool for £8.5million in 2013 . the brazilian playmaker has progressed to become one of the premier league's most revered players . he has been nominated for the PFA player of the season this term .
the 28-year-old has been jailed for four years and four months . he admitted four charges relating to two incidents at Swindon crown court . while on bail, he also attempted to rob two men in swindon .
carver says he's enjoying his job at the club despite all appearances . the 50-year-old has managed just two wins in 14 games to date . fans are desperate for him not to be named manager of the chasing pack .
Aaron Ramsey has warned his english team-mates at arsenal to beware Wales . the 22-year-old admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is flying . Wales are currently unbeaten in Group B of the Euro 2016 qualifiers .
a hat-trick of tries from 19-year-old winger Ash Handley helped Leeds to a 41-16 win over reigning champions St Helens . the win takes them six points clear at the top of the super league . handley has six tries in just six appearances for the rhinos .
elephants invaded village in india, destroying crops and houses . locals were trying to coax the herd of elephants back into the forest . one suddenly became violent and charged at 50-year-old Ramiul Sheikh . he narrowly escaped being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal .
the german midfielder says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the summer of 2013 . the 26-year-old was off the pace at the beginning of this season, but has returned to fitness in January . he says his injury 'worked in my favour' after a busy schedule .
the tragedy happened at Fort Lauderdale executive airport around 4.30pm on Sunday . the pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed shortly after . eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the plane coming into land .
former chairman of Bradford City was linked to eight other fires before blaze . fire broke out near half-time of club's game against Lincoln on may 11, 1985 . it was thought to have been started by a spark from a match or a cigarette . high court judge said the fire was not started deliberately and was caused by 'a discarded cigarette'
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes . the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air .
seven women and five men voted to send the ex-new england patriots star to prison for life on wednesday . the jury and alternate jurors say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence . when asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial, most raised their hands . but they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact .
caring cat Rademenes was rescued by the shelter in bydgoszcz, northern Poland . he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved . vet Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich took care of him and adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital .
statue is to honour the wife of china's first ruler, who founded dynasty . statue has been in place for ten years but has been worn down by tourists . officials accuse tourists of fondling the woman's exposed breast .
the recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove repeatedly using the N-word . in the five-minute video, Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . 'you know you were mad, cause you whipped around and you said that, you did, "What are you n****rs doing throwing them rocks?"', he can be heard
the video was initially uploaded to reddit by a user named toper-centage . he claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics . the video maker selects an afro hairstyle and then stacks a third cup .
the dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers . the sheep-herding breed's thick coat had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine . it was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat cut .
video was captured by a visitor to the lake district wildlife park near Keswick . it shows the 50-year-old primate sneaking across a feild while looking back and forth . the video has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel .
dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year . she regularly boasts on twitter that her daughter and son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl' the children's paternal grandparents say they are worried . the 28-year-old has a new husband as the Islamic State does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in the city .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats . but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . Immediately the canine pulls an look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable .
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd, Pakak, performing a very skillful trick . video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws .
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season . his goal against burnley was the only goal of the game at the emirates . he dedicates his last two goals to his late gran who passed away .
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 games . the 29-year-old has not competed since 2013 as she became a mother . she will return to competition in the sainsbury's anniversary games in july .
the 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best players to emerge from Anderlecht's youth set-up . he rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . manuel pellegrini is looking to build for the future by signing him .
the 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids . he had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 .
the blood parrot cichlid is a hybrid of the midas and the red frog . it swims away from the man's hand a few times but returns to be massaged . the man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day .
teacher Aaron galloway, 23, was on half-term city break to Prague . he left his expensive camera on the seat as he landed in the capital . ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but there was no sign of the £499 Nikon . when he got home, he went on ebay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction .
city will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao . there had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for the Colombian striker . city had scouts watching porto's surprise 3-1 champions league win over bayern munich this week .
Mauricio pochettino says another season in the european competition could hamper his side's chances of qualifying for next season's champions league . the argentine has revealed that defenders hugo lloris and Kyle Walker are major doubts ahead of the clash against the magpies . he said: 'i think you care about another manager because you can be in the same position.' .
full back was a revelation at anfield last season . so good was his form that he forced himself into the world cup squad . but he has become a forgotten man with a knee injury .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired up in the final round of the 2015 masters . the world no 1 finished on 12 under par in fourth place, six shots behind the eventual winner . long-time leader jordan spieth won the first major of his career with victory at the augusta national golf club .
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of this weekend's Fed Cup semi-final . the world no 2 has a leg injury and is a doubt for the Stuttgart open . her last appearance was in the Miami open at the end of march .
Sania Mirza won her third successive doubles title with partner Martina Hingis . the 28-year-old beat casey Dellacqua and darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 . Mirza became the first Indian woman to climb to the top of the rankings .
angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the family circle cup final . it was the 20-year-old's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013 . she broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week . this was Kerber's first title since she beat defending champion Andrea Petkovic .
toto wolff says tensions between Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg are normal . 'when you have intense competition it causes emotions to run high,' he said . the british driver was absolved of any blame by mclaren chairman niki lauda .
toto Wolff says team may have to make 'unpopular call' for their drivers . comments come in the wake of Nico Rosberg's moaning over team radio . the briton has come under fire from his team-mate at the Chinese grand prix .
Mika Hakkinen says Lewis Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself . the former world champion says he was 'crying' after he complained about his teammate . Hamilton won his fourth race of the season and his second in china .
mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the german at the Chinese grand prix . the 29-year-old claimed he selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race . but Hamilton insists he is ready for the german's tactics should he try them .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have had their say on the Chinese grand prix . the two drivers have been in a row since the race in china on sunday . both drivers were brought in to meet senior Mercedes management . it can now be revealed what happened after they finished their interviews .
tries from Varndell, Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua seal 40-13 win . wasps' hunt for an automatic european rugby champions cup spot had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures . exiles trailed 12-5 at half-time after Opeti Fonua bundled over .
the 24-year-old is ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class . he has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012 . his citizenship change has been ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the boa .
the 18-time Olympic champion is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio . he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall . but he won't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in august as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's governing body .
Leicester host Swansea in the premier league on saturday . last week's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline . but boss Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs .
Raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . he is not the first premier league star to have been involved in such controversy . here, sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved .
leigh Griffiths scored a 19-minute hat-trick as Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 . reigning champions are eight points clear at the top of the premiership . the win lifts them eight points ahead of their trip to Hampden .
the tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants . but he is prohibited from going over 10 per cent . two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until last month's general meeting .
pictures leaked by a website show the home kit to be grey and yellow . the away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge . it will also feature the club badge in the centre of the kit . a crew neck collar will replace the button-up collar of this season .
the world no 2 will play for her country against Germany in the semi-finals . playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics . the german team will consist of Andrea Petkovic, Angelique Kerber, Sabine Lisicki and Julia Goerges .
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for march . the spaniard scored both goals as united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield . he also produced an impressive display in the 3-0 home win over Tottenham .
president posed with world-class sprinter before striking his signature pose . he said 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy. ever...of all the billions of people'
usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas . the six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete as part of the team . he insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud'
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona . it will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction . the 29-year-old was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges .
the meticulous boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city . he immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . van gaal would prefer them to prepare by training under lights ahead of a night match to replicate conditions .
former goalkeeper believes louis van gaal can bring glory back to old trafford . united head to premier league leaders chelsea on saturday in top form . van der Sar admits title is probably beyond united's grasp this season .
the world no 3 married his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on saturday . the 27-year-old posted a humorous series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers . he expects a day featuring plenty of laughter, romance, alcohol and even dancing .
Emmanuel Adebayor took to twitter to express his gratitude at being able to play in the premier league . the 31-year-old has rejected reports linking him with a move away . he has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season .
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at white hart lane under Mauricio pochettino . the 31-year-old striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move . togolese forward will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent transfer .
Wolfsburg beat fellow bundesliga side Freiburg 1-0 in the german cup semi-finals . defender Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure victory . the win sees them join Borussia Dortmund in the final four after beating hoffenheim .
andre Schurrle scored his first goal since joining from Chelsea in february . the 24-year-old thanked the supporters for their patience as he netted . he admitted not scoring for the german side was 'eating away' at him .
ex-Chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by suarez in the build-up to his second goal . he suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but hoddle believes he still showed his naivety even if he wasn't fully fit . the sky sports pundit said: 'even if you're not 100% fit you can't show that lack of intent'
Oriol Romeu predicts the scores for the weekend's premier league and FA Cup matches . the on loan midfielder is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart . sportsmail's martin keown makes his own predictions .
the german champions lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing . chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said: 'there are 13 or 14 players who are at the moment healthy and have been playing three times a week'
two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Porto lose 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on Wednesday night . porto's record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance .
pep guardiola saw his side lose 3-1 against porto on tuesday night . the former barcelona midfielder has a year remaining on his own deal . he is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with city's executives .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Aston villa against QPR last week . the Belgium striker admits he surprised himself by finding the back of the net with a free-kick . he has scored eight goals in his last six games .
kick it out welcomes successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown . the organisation sought to answer the player's criticism over the way the incident was handled . brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, the football association and the professional footballers' association .
fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol during the club's 3-1 win over arsenal Tula on sunday . the punishment will not take effect until may because Torpedo are already due to play their next two home games behind closed doors . club were also punished after fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants .
AC Milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as 'simply unacceptable' black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the universal cup . 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident,' says Milan .
agents have helped Kevin Pietersen outplay the ECB without any help . agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since 2012 . 'there are always two sides to a story and we believe there's a clean slate,' he said .
the 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew . he stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the gelding which won on the opening day of last month's Cheltenham Festival . the eight-year old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase .
the 27-year-old forward helped Wigan to a 30-20 victory over Warrington . he was given the honour of leading the victory song on his return from a six-month suspension . flower was sent off in the Warriors' grand final defeat by st Helens last year .
manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days at the DW Stadium . the 21-year-old was on most people's lips after he scored three times in wigan's 34-0 win over catalans dragons . winger Ben Flower made his return from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of the defeat by st Helens last October .
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract . the 2012 super league man of steel cut short his stay in the nRL with new Zealand warrior . he made 129 appearances in the super league, scoring 107 tries .
many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer this summer . goalscorer Gerhard Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for newly-promoted side . liverpool's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to end his six-year spell at anfield .
Leicester have beaten westham and west brom in their last two games . they still have to play relegation rivals sunderland, burnley and QPR . but Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former manager Howard Wilkinson . the former england caretaker boss has a fully fit squad .
former qpr chief Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company . the italian has previously attempted to buy Birmingham from Carson Yeung . he has also been linked with takeovers at millwall and reading .
police were carrying out checks on Jenna Louise Driscoll's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos . the 25-year-old was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but didn't show . she is now wanted by police on seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the training ground . the £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave . he was given just five out of 10 stars by spanish media after his one-on-one miss . bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by media .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the gunners midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin injury . arsene wenger confirms he may not play again this season .
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during westham's 1-1 draw with Stoke . the 25-year-old is west Ham's runaway top scorer with 12 goals this season . but it appears unlikely the striker will be fit enough to feature .
marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to see westham lose points . allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season . but he feels his work at the club is far from done .
'if they can get back up to finish positively it will put a different twist on the season,' says manager garry monk . monk is determined to stop former manager Roberto Martinez profiting at his old Liberty Stadium stomping ground . 'Martinez out' and 'Not Good Enough' sprayed on the outside of Goodison park .
spanish striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at italian side Napoli . the 29-year-old has made just five appearances for the Serie a giants . garry monk says he will listen to Michu before making decision on future .
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds' sporting director . the 58-year-old italian was disqualified from having any executive influence at the club due to a tax conviction in italy . he worked with cellino at his previous club cagliari .
burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks . the 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the clarets . but manager Sean Dyche has urged him to keep smiling and enjoy his game .
aston villa beat spurs 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . the win increases villa's chances of survival in the premier league . defender Tim Sherwood was renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to give real madrid a 1-0 lead against Eibar . it was the 30-year-old's 38th league goal of the season . javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez scored a second in the 83rd minute . xabier Irureta had given the visitors the lead in the first half .
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded by the Competitions Committee . Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out . the injury-prone duo of Sami Khedira and Fabio coentrao will be missing once again as their futures at the club look bleak .
atletico madrid drew 2-2 with malaga in la liga on sunday . Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal . Antoine Griezmann scored twice to earn the champions a point .
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night . the 33-year-old has been subjected to heavy criticism throughout the season . he has regularly been booed by his own supporters at the Bernabeu .
the patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 teeth removed over four weeks . he was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) for the operation in Munich, germany . it is thought he believed the series of operations would help him regain vitality and also cure his schizophrenia .
downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal world cup . he was let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts . alastair cook looks in a really happy place and excited to be back around the group .
the 32-year-old says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible . 'my body, touch wood, has never been better,' says Anderson . the lancastrian takes just four wickets to overtake sir Ian Botham .
Moeen will join up with the England squad ahead of the second test . he has recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury . the batsman averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 at the world cup .
Andrew Strauss says the Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for english cricket . 'it's very important for English cricket to move on from the Kevin pietersen situation,' he says . the ECB and the team's efforts haven't worked so far but by winning that will allow them to move forward, he added .
Thierry Henry hailed 'the detective' Francis Coquelin for his display in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley at Turf Moor . the former gunners striker said the 23-year-old was his man of the match . coquelin played a key role in Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal .
west Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke in their premier league clash . marko arnautovic and mame diouf scored for the hosts . but allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his side concede late on . the irons remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up .
former england striker sparked debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show . he said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike was worthy of Goal of the Season . co-anchor and ex-player Robbie Savage waded in following Owen's outburst .
manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season . the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games . city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago .
the disgraced sports reporter has been suspended for a week after a video emerged of her telling a tow company clerk: 'i'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on twitter . sparkman remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . 'if you work as hard as you say you
Deputy Michael Hubbard from the Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the overpass on the I-26 . when the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace' he then puts his arms around her and pulls her away from the drop . she struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says 'you're not going out like this today'
officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William bogard in January . he suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma . the hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial .
the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win . in celebrating their big victory, they smashed and broke the trophy .
the crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the capital Santiago . the crush caused a structure inside the club to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more . seven people are in a critical condition .
experienced canoeist, 54, went missing in the Solent at 11.30am yesterday . he was in contact with partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day . but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police . coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats launched .
the spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria . the mobile mounds gather annually from April to July during what is thought to be their mating practice . a diver spotted the same creatures a month ago in larger masses in Blairgowrie .
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head after plunging off the edge of the roof . his friend jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx . witnesses rushed over to the 17-year-olds and found him unconscious .
Sky's high-octane premier league coverage went head-to-head with Arsenal v Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on the BBC . Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage at Wembley . the BBC even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown .
first-half goals from Carlos Tevez and Leonardo Bonucci pushed Juve 15 points clear of second place with only seven games remaining . dismissal of midfielder Danilo Cataldi for heavy tackle on Tevez ended Lazio's run of six consecutive victories .
Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle were posted . 43-year-old was youngest ever television commentator on a world cup final . he has worked for the BBC since 2004 .
reigning world champion won second race in three to start 2015 season . but his celebrations have drawn criticism from a leading group . Object has condemned the behavior of the driver as 'selfish and inconsiderate' .
Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by Roy hodgson . the 24-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester united and chelsea . he has openly admitted he wants to play in the champions league .
rodgers has met with sterling to remind him of his role as a role model . but the midfielder has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . the 20-year-old was critcised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding the pipe .
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the club captaincy this summer . head coach John carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season . carver will recommend that Holland defender Daryl Janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season at the club .
united defeated city 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday . the champions are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer . winger Ashley Young claimed the fans were the loudest he's ever heard .
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at the club . the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal . young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up .
former england and manchester united midfielder was in the stands . on-loan Hull player scored two long-range goals in the 16th minute . he crashed home a stunning 25-yard drive after seeing a free-kick saved .
manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed by the midfielder's level . but he has vowed to back the 31-year-old until at least the end of the season . sportsmail revealed that city will listen to offers for toure in the summer . toure is determined not to be forced out of the england squad .
manuel pellegrini says he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position . 'it's not logical to sack the manager. I don't think that's the right diagnosis,' he says . the reigning champions have slipped from serious title challengers to fears over not finishing in the top four .
Nico Rosberg claims he has given team-mate Lewis Hamilton psychological advantage after his outburst at the Shanghai gp . but the german admits he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised on sunday . he made a complaint about Hamilton's 'slow driving' on purpose .
pep guardiola was spooked by roman abramovich's habit of hiring and firing managers . the then-barcelona boss was adamant he craves stability and chooses his clubs based on such assurances . he recruited the likes of Eden Hazard and Oscar from internacional for £32m . but he pulled out of the deal to become the next manager of the club .
chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . the red devils have been dealt a quadruple injury blow with four players out . in-form midfielder maraoune fellaini is available for the trip to the club .
fire crews scoured a burning home in boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds .
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘the big egg has another normal egg in it!’ . it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon . ‘that’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg...an egg inside of an
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta to move level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points . the hosts were booed by their own fans as they lost to runaway leaders Juventus . meanwhile, Genoa lost 2-1 at Palermo and Torino squandered their chances of qualifying for the european championships .
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the champions league alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari . defender Christian Maggio was shown a second yellow card for a tackle from behind on Danilo Avelar . the victory leaves Napoli in fourth place in Serie A, three points clear of Sampdoria in fifth .
Benzema limped out of training on wednesday with a knee problem . the frenchman should be fit for the return game against malaga on tuesday . he has scored 15 goals during the la liga campaign and six in the champions league this term .
passport agency made a £42 million profit during the chaos last summer . managers at passport agency received up to £3,500 in bonuses . ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra .
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub . both have been released on personal recognizance bail .
a man fell onto the platform at 15th street station in Philadelphia at 6.40pm on tuesday . bystanders rushed back in shock, but a good samaritan ran over and threw himself onto the tracks to save him . within a minute, transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the fallen man and his fellow passengers .
a safety light turned on mid-air on a Qantas jet bound for Perth . the aircraft took off shortly after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm . passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart on sunday .
the month-old cubs, born march 11, were captured on video at leningrad zoo . they are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and rock . the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg .
a peckish goat named Clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats . his front hooves are planted firmly on his pal's back and his head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves .
footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .
gareth bale suffered a calf strain after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu . he was forced off and faces a race to be fit for the champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid on tuesday . bale has not been injured since a hip problem in october last year .
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40pm on Saturday night . his girlfriend, 25-year-old Kimberly Dianne Richardson, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday . her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S . BMW says it has been notified of one minor injury linked to the defect . the problem is thought to affect ten per cent of the cars being recalled .
Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to man united . but the 30-year-old insists he wants to stay at atletico madrid . the centre back is said to be on louis van gaal's summer wishlist .
the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up . goalkeeper Joe Hart has often been the only one this season . city also maintain an interest in unsettled forward Raheem Sterling .
Pedro would command £90,000-a-week wages at anfield . the 27-year-old would cost considerably less than Raheem sterling . sterling is understood to be available for £50million . he is set to start for barcelona against almeria on tuesday night .
fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency . the blues are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old . Kenedy has played for Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level .
robin van persie has been out for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury . the striker has scored 10 goals for manchester united this season . united want to bring in two new forwards with Radamel Falcao expected to return to Monaco .
mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a big-money move to man united . german legend francis Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the right age to leave . defender reiterated that he was weighing up his options after defeat by Bayern Munich at the weekend .
former manchester city midfielder will turn 32 next month . he will be offered a new contract by Serie a giants at the end of the season . the 31-year-old scored in city's 2-1 defeat at home to crystal palace .
mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at the club . the 26-year-old has consistently been linked with a big-money move to manchester united . german centre-back gave an interview in kicker magazine last week .
arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million deal . the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi . arsenal are confident of completing a deal for the teenager in the coming days .
the world's most elite surfers have taken to their boards to win the illustrious Margaret River Pro . Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive wipe-out when he flipped head first into the reef . Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes .
steven gerrard is set to start against aston villa at wembley on sunday . the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of the club this season . manager Brendan rodgers has praised him as 'a special player' .
Shay Given will start for Aston villa against liverpool in the semi-final . the 38-year-old has played every round of the competition this season . he was dropped by manager Ruud Gullit for the 1999 final .
arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer . the 33-year-old is expected to agree a 12-month extension . he is confident it will take just 'five minutes' to finish a contract extension off .
relegation is a real possibility for the clarets at the bottom of the premier league . but manager Sean Dyche insists his players will not dive or cheat . he claims another manager has urged him to 'move with the times' .
angel di Maria was sent off against arsenal in the FA Cup back in march . the £60million signing missed united's impressive 3-0 win over tottenham . louis van gaal was forced to change his starting line-up after di Maria's red card . united have won 25 points from their last 10 games .
chambers has enjoyed a fine first season with the gunners . the 20-year-old has already made 36 appearances for the club . chambers signed from Southampton for £16million in the summer .
sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem sterling's face by causing an FA Cup semi-final shock at wembley on Sunday . the 20-year-old has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe and taking so-called 'hippy crack' through a balloon . 'i am not condoning it, but he is a young man, isn't he?' he said .
Jose Mourinho claims it's 'hard but more fun' being Chelsea manager . united have the financial scope to fund a massive squad . but the blues have been forced to sell players to balance the books .
'Kid Kulafu' charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring . the film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month . 'he's just like every one of us,' director Paul Soriano said at the film's Manila premiere on Tuesday night .
the 21-year-old became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta . he eventually won with an 18-under total and a bogey on the 18th prevented him adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on friday and Saturday . the name Spieth comes from middle high german and means 'successful' .
Rafa Nadal beats Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 at the Monte Carlo Masters . the world no 5 is an eight-time champion at the tournament . he will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round . click here for more tennis news .
Milos Raonic and 19-year-old Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at queen's club this summer . the duo will join Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka, Marin Cilic and defending champion Grigor Dimitrov .
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 . world number one will face Andreas Haider-Maurer in the third round . he is also through after his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired .
singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m) - 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year . the tournament, held at Roland Garros and beginning on may 24, remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize . main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds . players eliminated in the first week will be the principal beneficiaries .
massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008, a season he challenged for the title . the british driver is confident he has silenced his critics following his storming start to the new formula one season . massa finished 5th at the Shanghai grand prix last week and is currently 4th in the standings .
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese grand prix was 'a fun thing' the incident drew widespread criticism from an anti-sexism group . grid girl Liu Siying defends Hamilton, saying 'i did not think too much about it at all' .
the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese grand prix in china . she was pictured grimacing as he sprayed champagne at her face . but she said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed . 'i was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did,' she said .
red bull's Cyril Abiteboul has promised to fix the power-unit problems . red bull team principal Christian Horner is confident the problems will be resolved . 'the plan is to make sure the future engine we will be building has absolutely no reliability issues by Monaco,' he said .
many Clouds won the 2015 Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree . the 25-1 shot is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize . trainer Oliver Sherwood had previously saddled four National runners . none of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old’s hard-fought defeat of the gallant Saint Are .
sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the grand national . will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor? or will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
AP McCoy will retire if his mount wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National . jockey has been champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 . 'if everyone has gone to bed thinking the dream will happen, I can promise you nobody has been dreaming more than me'
Billy Vunipola has been cited for striking mathew Tait with his head . the incident occurred during Saracens' 22-6 win over Leicester on saturday . his case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday .
australia hooker Nathan Charles has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . the life-threatening illness affects the lungs, pancreas, liver, kidneys and intestine . he took part in a promotional video as part of Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign .
the 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for the world cup . he had undergone an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year . Scott hasn't played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty .
big-hitting batsman has nine caps since his debut against india last august . but he has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches . the 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when they resume their ODI schedule this summer .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as international cricket council president . he was unhappy with umpire decisions in his country's defeat to india . Kamal's remarks were described as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive .
ballance scored 122 as England took control of the first test in antigua . it was the mainstay of their 333-7 victory over the west indies . ballance's 122 is his fourth century in nine Tests .
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on an England return for Kevin Pietersen in the near future . former captain Andrew Flintoff believes pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career . he will be 35 on June 27 before the home Ashes series starts .
England declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target (503) . but the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine . BRUISER BUTTLER smashed a loopy ball from marlon Samuels straight into his team-mate’s arm .
new Orleans pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on wednesday . it was the team's first play-off berth since 2011 with a win . the win ends the Spurs' 11-game winning streak . new york drew 1-1 with the knicks in the first round .
arsenal beat reading 1-0 in extra time to reach the final of the fa cup . the defending champions fought their way through despite garath McCleary's goal . arsenal goalkeeper Adam Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line .
a £10m bid could tempt palace into selling winger Yannick Bolasie . but pardew insists the club's leading assets do not want to leave . he says any players that do go will not be sold cheaply . the palace boss says his players will be 'difficult to take away'
Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of the game with an ankle injury . defender Florin Gardos has been struggling with an unspecified knock . goalkeeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery .
Southampton have already levelled the premier league points tally of 56 . the club have five points to claw back on the reigning champions . but manager Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games .
the 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton . he has struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received . the left-back was the fifth to be called in to hodgson's squad last month .
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke, according to his agent . the 19-year-old has already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa . defender muniesa has not featured since tearing a hamstring in the FA Cup defeat at blackburn in february .
'the impact that Harry has had on english football is massive,' says Mauricio Pochettino . 'i think that Hazard is a very good player, he's fantastic, a great player' 'this is the difference,' insists the argentine . the spurs boss has defended their decision to play a one off pre-season game against the MLS All Stars in Colorado .
defender signed six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month . the 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of arsenal and tottenham . but he believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at the club .
west ham lost 4-2 to rivals manchester united at the weekend . manuel pellegrini's side are now fourth in the premier league table . a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to Stoke denied them a third league win of 2015 . allardyce believes his side can secure their best finish since promotion .
leigh Griffiths has scored a hat-trick for Celtic this season . the 24-year-old was brought to the club to score goals . he admits: 'i had to improve. I had to be working hard in the gym' .
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock . the striker took just 19 minutes to score the treble at parkhead . manager Ronny Deila hailed Griffiths' desire to prove he was wrong .
jose mourinho has assured jurgen Klopp he is not coming to take his job . the german has been tipped to make the move to the premier league next season . but he admits he has no idea where Klopp will end up .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday . manuel pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games . but manager jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of the pair . he said: 'it looks like a team that won two titles in three years can be brought to hell' .
Rangers drew 1-1 with livingston at the energy assets arena last week . they now face hibernian in the play-offs on tuesday night . but if they win their game in hand, they could drop points to second .
Lucas has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . he missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury . the 28-year-old says he has been dreaming about winning the cup .
shadow health secretary says move could unlock £400 million for grassroots . he accuses prime minister of failing to get tough on the premier league . league puts £168million into grassroots sport but only a fraction of £5billion .
Jonny Howson put his side ahead in the 57th minute . the midfielder smashed home to keep them in the automatic promotion places . Graham Dorrans sealed the tie with a late penalty after he missed a penalty .
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the FA Cup and finishing in the top four . the reds face aston villa in the semi-finals on sunday . mignolet has enjoyed a renaissance in his form this season .
porto beat bayern munich 2-0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . porto boss pep guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad . manuel Neuer was lucky to be on the pitch to give his side a late lead .
lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A . a win would cut the gap to nine points with seven games remaining . they face massimiliano allegri's side at the etihad stadium .
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday . marouane Fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season . ander Herrera's lack of composure saw him start just one game . louis van gaal's side are now in the top four after a thumping derby .
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the premier league on saturday . smalling scored his fourth goal of the season in a 4-2 derby win . he has now scored four premier league goals this season . click here for all the latest united news .
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange dance in front of the Arc de Triomphe on his official Instagram account . the togo international has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane . but his inconsistent form has led to few assurances over his future .
the rodrigo de freitas lake is scheduled to hold the 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions . the lake is littered with dead fish due to raw sewage and rubbish within it . officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused the lake's water temperature to plummet .
'irresponsible' riders breached safety barrier as train approached . 'hell of the north' race 87km from the end of the prestigious race . one rider was clipped by a barrier as it came down . race organisers said it had not been possible for riders to stop in time .
liverpool host anfield in the premier league on monday night . the reds are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city . but they have a game in hand on their rivals if they can win the trophy .
Mamadou Sakho limped off in the 28th minute against blackburn on tuesday . he was replaced by Kolo Toure who is set to start against Newcastle United . the french defender will also miss the semi-final showdown with aston villa .
Jordon Ibe damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26 . the 19-year-old is set to sign a new long-term deal at the etihad stadium . he has been out for 12 months with thigh, calf and hip injuries .
Sergio Aguero scored after eight minutes to give city the lead . but they were blitzed by manchester united in a 4-2 defeat at old trafford . mario balotelli tweeted his delight at the defeat for his former club . the italian clung on to his former employers' top four hopes .
a resurgent Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this year's formula one world title race . the 35-year-old finished fourth in the last two races of the season . only qualifying issues have denied him better results so far this term .
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'football fighting Ebola' event . the event was a fundraising reception for the charity founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto . pictures from the event were shared on the charity's facebook page .
boxer was joined by fitness fanatics as he jogged around Griffith park . the 36-year-old worked out on the mats and shadow boxed in front of spectators . he has revealed the colourful mouth guard he will wear during his fight with mayweather .
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on may 2 . the fight is reportedly worth £300million (£205million) and has generated so much interest, the cheapest tickets are going at around £1,000 . click here for all the latest boxing news .
united defeated city 4-2 in their premier league clash at old trafford . van gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities . he was pictured with players Toni duggan and Isobel Christiansen . the pair were joined by everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's .
Manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker Danny Ings . reds were prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer . ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league . he scored against united at old trafford in february .
Stuart Pearce believes manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn city around . the 61-year-old believes the club are at a stature now where they look to continually be in the champions league and win premier leagues . pearce blames the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure for city's poor run of form .
the NYSE's opening and closing bells mark the start and end of each trading day . many of the bell-ringers have been business executives who actively trade on the exchange . entertainers, athletes and politicians are sometimes invited to take part as a special guest .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the hawthorns on saturday . midfielder Craig Gardner scored a spectacular second-half strike . the baggies now sit eight points clear of the relegation zone .
Rafa Benitez has managed some of the continent's most established clubs since leaving Valencia just over a decade ago . he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . when he left there were few regrets over his departure . but he still remains popular at anfield .
the 27-year-old made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final . he said: 'for the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them' . but the forward does not believe he deserved the standing ovation .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden park . a header from Craig Sibbald broke the deadlock with a stooping header in the 75th minute . it was the first time the two sides had met at the national stadium . the match was a repeat of last season's 0-0 draw with scotland .
ayoze perez was brought down in the 38th minute by dejan lovren . the defender did not make any contact with the ball, sending the Spaniard tumbling . sky sports pundit Gary Neville could not believe a spot kick was not awarded .
manchester united thrashed rivals city 2-0 at old trafford on sunday . united now sit four points ahead of their neighbours at the top of the table . they are just one point adrift of premier league leaders arsenal . here's how sportsmail rated each player in the premier league .
two points separate four teams, with four games remaining . to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league . middlesbrough are top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves .
midfielder Alexander Tettey opened the scoring for the hosts after eight minutes . the uruguayan equalised for the home side with a header from close range . aitor karanka's side could be overtaken by Bournemouth at the weekend .
Ben Gibson was a kid in the playground when his dad's brother was splashing the cash on Juninho, Alen Boksic and Gaizka Mendieta . his uncle, chairman Steve Gibson, helped save the club from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control . but six consecutive seasons outside of the premier league has proved a financial strain . the 22-year-old defender labels the televised clash at Norwich City - one point above them and second in the championship -
Odion Ighalo gave the visitors the lead after just four minutes . defender Matthew Connolly doubled their lead with a second half header . almen abdi doubled the visitors advantage with 20 minutes to play .
a 10-year-old fan will no longer be a mascot for Reading in the semi-final . the young supporter won the chance to walk out at wembley on saturday . a video of him backing arsenal in the Huddersfield Examiner sparked outrage .
sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the midfielder . but toure will fight for his City career this summer despite the club pondering his future . the 31-year-old has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal .
city host west ham at the etihad stadium on sunday in the premier league . a champions league spot is still in doubt with just four points to play . former manager says they should be winning the league rather than battling to stay in the top four .
four players chose to wear gloves for the derby at old trafford . temperatures in the north west hit between six and eight degrees Celsius . but was it enough to compete as a top athlete for 90 minutes? Probably not .
there is not a British manager capable of restoring english clubs to the final stages of the champions league . there are no British teams in the quarter finals of the competition . but he believes his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester united into the latter stages if he succeeds louis van gaal .
former city midfielder dietmar hamann believes Klopp is the ideal fit . the 47-year-old announced his departure from borussia dortmund on tuesday . manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out after a poor season .
Craig Cathcart scored in the 56th minute to put Watford top of the championship with just two games remaining . a double change from manager Slavisa Jokanovic in the 54th minute was to prove the catalyst for his side taking the lead . the result sees the Hornets back into the automatic promotion places after a 1-0 win over Birmingham .
manuel pellegrini should be given chance to 'correct the things that have gone wrong', according to Gary Neville . the former man united defender has been critical of the club's recent form . but he says he hopes he stays at the club and can complete the job .
the former Chelsea defender was brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva . the night went from bad to worse when he pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes . both goals came about after suarez cheekily nutmegged Luiz .
the 21-year-old striker is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend . everton manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease him through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . 'I think it would be near-enough impossible to keep Rom away from the football pitch at this stage,' said the spaniard .
Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin's current deals expire this summer . both centre-backs have played more for the under-21s than the first team . everton boss Roberto Martinez is keen to advance the talents of younger players .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . the Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd . former england forward gareth Hock spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells and looked well short of match fitness .
the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile . the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia, new Zealand, France and Great Britain .
Huddersfield have dropped from third to ninth after losing all three games . but coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack . 'there's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team,' says Anderson .
united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place . van gaal thanked supporters for their patience after the derby win . he said it is a great time to be a Manchester united supporter right now .
united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday to move four points clear . a champions league return now looks all but assured for united . manuel pellegrini's side are 12 points off the leaders after the derby .
manuel pellegrini's side lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford . graeme souness and Niall Quinn joined the chorus of criticism of toure . the ivorian says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' .
england's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions . 'there's such a heavy schedule of Test matches guys don't get a chance to play domestic T20,' says hales . both hales and woakes want to adopt more the model of countries like australia and india with their franchise systems .
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since being sacked 14 months ago . the batsman scored 170 in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since 2013 . former england star Andrew Flintoff fears he is running out of time . he believes there is a bright summer ahead for 'probably the premier tournament'
england face west indies in the first test in antigua on tuesday night . alastair cook has been under pressure to score a test century . former team-mate and 2009 ashes winner Andrew Flintoff has backed the under-pressure cook .
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket . he is currently in the west indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team . but he praised captain alastair cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed .
defender mehdi benatia ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . arjen Robben and Franck Ribery, bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined . the german champions face eintracht Frankfurt in the champions league .
bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss porto's champions league quarter-final first leg . defenders benatia, alaba, Martinez and Robben have already been sidelined . jerome Boateng is back in the squad after being rested for 3-0 win over eintracht Frankfurt .
manchester city are planning a mega-bid to sign Raheem Sterling . the reigning premier league champions want to increase their homegrown quota . city believe they are leading the race to land the striker this summer .
daley blind played his part in united's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday . the 25-year-old has hailed a team talk from skipper Wayne Rooney . blind has urged united to focus on the end of the season rather than the title challenge .
angel di Maria and Radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal . argentine di Maria came on in the 81st minute to replace marouane fellaini . united beat manchester city 2-0 at old trafford on sunday .
manchester city lost 4-2 to united at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini's job is in jeopardy following the derby defeat . city are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place .
sir vivian Richards believes James Anderson will be remembered as an England great and a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham . four wickets in the game would take Anderson past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets, making him the most prolific English bowler in history . Anderson has attempted to divert the attention ahead of his big day, focusing on the team's efforts to come back from a dreadful winter .
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to equal botham's record haul of 383 . he was known as the 'pro killer' during his days with burnley, reveals former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown . the england quick needs just four wickets in his 100th test against the west indies .
Defeat against west indies is simply unthinkable for captain alastair cook . there has been so much happening, from the demise of Paul Downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of Kevin Pietersen, that the imminent first Test has barely registered . Jimmy Anderson’s 100th appearance and his chances of securing the four victims he needs to overtake Sir Ian Botham would dominate the agenda .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013 . it was the 34-year-old's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey – wind, rain or shine . he said he took confidence from the way he played in australia .
Adam Federici squirmed a routine shot into his own net in extra-time . the australian blew his side's chances of beating arsenal in the semi-final . 'he just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself,' says manager Steve Clarke .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the premier league on saturday . it was the first defeat in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990 . manager Brendan rodgers admitted his side must improve . he said: 'i think all these experiences will make them better' .
Burton Albion beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday to progress to league two . but rookie manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink wants to finish on top . 'we want to be No 1 and the fans want to stay there as winners,' he said .
Obbi Oulare scored as club brugge beat anderlecht on sunday . the 19-year-old is being watched by scouts from a number of top clubs . he is the son of former Guinea international souleymane oulare .
Ashley Shupe claims her son has been bullied for more than a year . claims he has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating . 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student in his class . eventually, Shupe filed a police report against the child in march . Kaiden came home with bruised head, bruises on his knees, and scratches .
music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million 'sleep' playlists . sheeran's Thinking Out Loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to . the 24-year-old singer-songwriter also features six times on the list .
a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday . a lawyer working for Kassick's family who has seen the video said it 'leaves nothing to the imagination' . mearkle, 36, is free on bail but is under electronic monitoring .
crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee .
Steven Gerrard looked glum at the club after being knocked out of the FA Cup . he spent the evening in the VIP room with friends after the defeat . there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on may 30 . the captain has just six games left to play in a red shirt .
oldham council moved allotments to make way for car park and football pitches . but gardeners say soil at new site is 'dreadful' and they can't grow a bean . they say new plots' drainage is so bad that seedlings are rotting in ground . association has called on council to pay growers compensation for problems .
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a match in Kolkata . the 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury . he was only playing as a substitute fielder at the time of the incident . former national team captain Sachin Tendulkar tweeted his condolences .
stars including angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian restaurant . united players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders Chelsea on saturday . argentine goalkeeper Victor Valdes was also present as another Spanish-speaker .
doncaster drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the keepmoat stadium . the media team had to stick up the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel . but they made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact . a must-see video for all football fans .
striker was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout . he was dismissed after the clip of his tryst was shared on social media . his girlfriend, 25-year-old Bryony Hibbert, has slammed those responsible .
west Ham's James Collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross at the weekend . but the ball drifted nonchalantly into his own net after his overhead kick . jordanian striker mohammad Shatnawi's effort will be considered as one of the strangest own goals ever .
Capel Path finished third to Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap . but it was the Queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth who got away . the 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her .
lionel messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for barcelona this season . he can't remember all of them despite keeping a match ball from every game . the 27-year-old will lead the line for barca when they face PSG on tuesday .
de Gea and Valdes enjoyed a relaxing time at a theme park on tuesday . the spaniards donned sunglasses as they enjoyed the rare english sun . it comes just days after united's impressive derby day win against city .
Christian Eriksen pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in central London . the pair have been together almost three years and couldn't keep their hands off each other . he started this season in tremendous form, scoring nine goals . but his form has dried up since a 3-0 defeat to west brom in January .
midfielder took to social media to thank fans for coming to support him . the 23-year-old hasn't played for the first team since picking up an injury . he will be hoping to feature in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading .
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked in her Las Vegas home on august 8, 2014 . she claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive four months into their one-year relationship . when she had pneumonia, he offered to care for her, bringing pizza to her hotel . six months later, a male friend slept in her bed when he burst into her room and cut off her hair with a blunt knife . he is still fighting to have the 33-year-old
england captain caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend . the couple shared a boating picture via instagram earlier this month . 'being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted,' says captain .
the Austrian international has suffered knee ligament damage . he posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed . the versatile star is now looking to step-up his recovery .
italian striker enjoyed a day out at adventure park Go Ape in Cheshire . he came on as a second-half substitute in the 2-0 win against Newcastle . the former sunderland loanee has struggled to establish himself in the team .
witnesses told police that three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died . police say the killings are not related to any football rivalry .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring . the 45-year-old beat the american in the 1996 Olympic games in Atlanta . he now lives on a £370-a-month handout from the bulgarian government .
if city slip out of the top four they could lose star man Sergio Aguero . the argentine striker scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for city . he scored against QPR in 2012 and is now settled in the uk .
the freelance presenter posted a photo of herself and a friend in blackface make-up almost three months ago . the photo was part of an 'African themed party' on network ten . 'no harm intended, just wanted to give our hardworking friend a giggle,' she wrote . ingerson responded with a message on twitter, insisting she had not meant to be offensive . she is 'deeply upset' that she has offended people in the community .
great grey owl stalked the rodent from treetops in the snowy fields in Ontario, canada, before launching its attack . photographer marc latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops .
inverness beat 10-man Celtic 3-2 in extra-time to reach the final of the William Hill Scottish Cup . defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time . the 30-year-old hailed his goal as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against falkirk .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt . it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene . a police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made .
Islamic State have released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria . jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market, dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters . the photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh, where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites .
a quadriplegic, former Indy Racing League driver got a chance to drive on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray . when Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again . Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of an integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadrip
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, northern territory, detailed his dream girl on gumtree . the 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattooed brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, don’t smoke, love cars, bikes, very independant' . 'rich' promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered', and former partners should not apply .
evacuation orders lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles . by midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles . the fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades .
the tree fell onto a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her . the woman was the only occupant of the vehicle . because of the tree's immense size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual .
a fire took a family's home in dekalb county, georgia, early on monday . Kalimah Dixon said she managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out safely . but all that was left of the condo was a pile of rubble, and she is asking for help . while she rented the condo, she had quit working to enroll full time in school . now she is finding it difficult to get a lease while being unemployed .
in a leaked email, Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition . this while the director was discussing his upcoming film Aloha with former studio head Amy Pascal . it was revealed earlier this week that only Khloe Kardashian initially supported him through his transition, according to a source .
JC Jackson, 19, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men, police said . one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money and drugs . police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents . the former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua county jail on a charge of robbery with a firearm .
a new video appears to show the singer preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose . the clip, posted to Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands . after the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding the tube for several seconds .
villagers in ansai, in central china, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water . but when they pumped it to surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . locals said they could smell petrol and gas coming from the well . they blamed the pollution on a leak from a local gas station .
bulldog puppy tries to get the better of a washing basket . erratically jumps onto the basket and forces it over onto its base . suddenly the basket falls onto its side and sends her and some clothes onto the floor .
denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'goebbels of ISIS', has released a music video . he sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France . this follows reports that police have raised security levels ahead of several world war I commemorative events taking place next week .
the 16-year-old was part of the team that won the UEFA Youth League . he has made eight appearances in the premier league and nine in the youth league this season . former arsenal and england striker Ian Wright took to twitter to praise him .
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma . he was on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers . but just hours later he scored twice in the 3-2 final win over Shakhtar Donetsk . the 18-year-old captain has spoken of the incredible weekend .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on saturday . the win ended the dream of winning the trophy on his birthday . villa boss sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool . he paid tribute to Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish .
pep guardiola has blamed a long injury list for his side's 2-1 defeat at porto . he blamed the injury on a broken ankle during training as early as last year . but doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quits after a reported rift .
pep guardiola has denied claims of a rift with the former Bayern Munich doctor . the 72-year-old quit the club after 'being blamed' for defeat by porto . he claimed 'the bond of trust is damaged' after the 3-1 defeat .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on tuesday . american owner Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement . he is expected to make the final against his old club arsenal on may 30 .
Jose Mourinho is reportedly planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder Koke . the 23-year-old signed a long-term deal with the spanish giants last year . but he could offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club .
andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight . the british super-middleweight champion will fight in the uk . amir Khan's dad says he is 'disrespectful' of eddie hearn . click here for all the latest boxing news .
Frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at the O2 on may 30 . talks have been held between the parties and it is likely that the fight will happen . an announcement on the fight could be made as early as friday .
Mauro Icardi is due to face verona at the weekend . scouts have been at inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma . the argentine is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary . but he has admitted he is willing to move this summer .
Zinedine Zidane says real are monitoring the world's best youngsters . the winger has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay . he has also attracted interest from manchester city and chelsea .
flight centre founder and BRW rich list alumni geoff Harris put the port Melbourne home up for auction . 63-year-old self-made millionaire accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal .
gareth bale lasted just a few minutes before limping off against malaga . the Welsh forward has a calf injury and will be evaluated . los blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric .
former blackburn winger hopes to emulate 'class of 92' generation . city under 18s take on west london rivals in the first leg on monday . first leg will take place at the newly-opened 7,200-capacity stadium .
striker was filmed having sex with a supporter in manager's dugout . the 24-year-old could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage . he was sacked after the clip of his tryst was shared on social media .
Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season to give Elche a 1-0 win . the striker took advantage of some poor control by real Sociedad midfielder markel Bergara to steal the ball . Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise but shot over the bar .
Nottingham forest are keen on signing blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes . the 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons . blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the striker .
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after 13 games without a win . the 51-year-old has signed a contract valid for the remaining five matches . he is returning to the league as coach for the first time since 2011, when he was fired by borussia moenchengladbach .
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club arsenal next season . the 29-year-old joined the Serie a side on loan from inter in january . he has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in the san siro .
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round on saturday . the fight was Crawford's first since moving up in class . he is now 26-0 with 18 knockouts and is scheduled to be in new york .
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night . the argentine landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near the Russian's left eye early in the second .
Derry Mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title . he was handed a unanimous points decision over Tony Luis . richar Abril twice pulled out due to illness to be striped of the belt .
Freddie Roach says that Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever . he rated super-middleweight star andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above the american . the two boxers are preparing for the welterweight showdown next month .
paddy Barnes and michael conlan will take on native opposition in maiquetia, Venezuela . the pair are one win away from qualifying for next summer's olympics . they have fought only three of their six bouts so far in italy and signed up with Olympic qualification as their sole motivation .
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio . former team-mate Natasha Jonas announced her retirement from boxing on April 7 . the 32-year-old will return to an english ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week .
the 21-year-old equalled the 72-hole record set by Tiger Woods in 1997 . he became the first man to reach 19 under par at the augusta championship . Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys' to take over .
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated golf sensation Jordan Spieth on twitter . the 24-year-old was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at her former love interest . dated for more than two years and were due to get married before he got cold feet just days after sending out invitations .
Gael monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in last-16 at the Monte Carlo Masters . world no 18 will face roger federer in the quarter-finals of the tournament . the frenchman will play novak djokovic in the last eight .
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in his opener in Monte Carlo . it was his first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in march . the 17-time major champion has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training .
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of Bahrain . the two drivers left Shanghai after the Chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced . 'that's how it's been since i was eight years old,' he said .
former rugby captain watched his horse finish third in the national . the £88,400 was by far the biggest pot monbeg dude has collected in his 24-race career . he said: 'pride is the word i would use to describe this race' .
a disciplinary panel dismissed a charge that Vunipola had recklessly led with his head in a clash with Leicester full back Matehw Tait . the no 8 is free to face Clermont Auvergne in the champions cup semi-final on saturday .
Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon . the 22-year-old faces an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s mathew Tait . toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half Quade Cooper .
James Anderson took his 384th wicket on the final day of the first test . induced an edge from west indies captain Denesh Ramdin . broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years . said he was 'quite relieved the record is out of the way'
Kevin Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney . the 34-year-old has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring runs . he scored 170 against Oxford MCCU recently and Clarke feels he could represent his country again .
'tired' Tavern and Allen stands will be replaced with a single structure . the redevelopment will raise the overall capacity of the home of cricket to almost 30,000 . a new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included - as well as enlarged dressing rooms in the pavilion .
siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley . her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year . Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 . aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30 .
former queens park rangers boss resigned in february citing knee problems . 68-year-old says he still has plenty to offer but only at right club . redknapp leads men united xi against leyton orient legends on may 31 .
a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley . 'you never know because sometimes the effect on the players and team maybe is positive,' says Mauricio Pochettino . the spurs boss is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to the north east .
Celtic face inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on sunday . the match will take place at 12.15, a time that fans do not agree with . deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . carim benzema will miss the game with a knee injury . gareth bale and luka modric also likely to miss the tie .
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for relegation-threatened QPR this term . the striker is being considered for a surprise call up for the national team's summer fixtures . Harry Kane will be with gareth southgate's under-21 side .
the PFA has announced its nominees for the 2014-15 season . eniola aluko, Lucy bronze, Karen carney, jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist . the 28-year-old has represented her country at all levels from Under 17 upwards .
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with louis van gaal on Instagram . the 23-year-old received a number of abusive messages on social media . duggan issued an apology on her facebook page and removed the photo .
a blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir . despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for the incident . inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious after extra-time .
caley beat inverness 2-0 in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball on the line . he was sent off for a spot kick and a red card for Craig Gordon . caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point .
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield . if other results go their way, they will be promoted with a win at morecambe . barnet can be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at dover .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe expects fans to inspire his side . the Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday on saturday followed by a trip to bolton nine days later and a last-day trip to Charlton . howe's side are currently second in the championship table .
defender Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at the end of the season . the england right back has attracted interest from several top clubs . manchester united are keen on signing the defender . click here for all the latest transfer news .
the likes of Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester united circle like vultures . sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a 'step up' this summer .
the right back has been in impressive form for the saints this season . the defender has been linked with a move away from the south coast . he admits he wants to play champions league football .
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham . the result dented the second-placed side's bid to join Bristol city in the championship . MK dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points as they beat Fleetwood 3-0 .
sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the premier league . Aaron Cresswell is one of just five players to play every minute of his team's premier league games this season . jack wilshere is another player who has proved a good fit for the lower division .
the 23-year-old was celebrating andros townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide . twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old, and has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times by those noticing the uncanny resemblance .
former defender believes his countryman's desire to succeed with the club knows no bounds . the 52-year-old would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at the club . he has been kept busy representing the club as their european youth league ambassador .
six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the defeat by Charlton . cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to the players pulling out . the club released a statement on Sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which led to accusations that the players had gone 'on strike'
Brendan rodgers says that a move to Manchester city would not be a step up . the england manager says that city are bigger than their rivals . he also says that they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .
mancini was dismayed at the quality of players signed by the club . he would spit out when asked about the club's transfer policy . how do they buy enough top english players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking financial fair play regulations again?
Mauricio pochettino has drawn up a list of potential homegrown signings . the 24-year-old left back has attracted interest from manchester city . he was signed to a five-year contract at the etihad last summer .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the semi-finals of the fa cup at wembley . midfielder Steven Gerrard was unable to influence the outcome . he was deployed in a number of different roles by manager Brendan rodgers .
keeper wojciech szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici . the australian let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands in extra-time . arsenal are now just one win away from defending the crown .
keeper wojciech szczesny has been demoted to the bench in recent months . the poland international hasn't played a premier league game since the 2-0 defeat to Southampton on new year's day . former arsenal goalkeeper david seaman believes if he takes the positives from a spell on the sidelines, he can emerge a far better goalkeeper .
malky mackay was appointed as manager of Wigan in November 2014 . sportsmail revealed he was being investigated over racist, sexist, homophobic and anti-semitic texts . the scot's tenure ended with a 2-0 defeat by Derby on monday .
over 45,000 ladies descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National . seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase .
the 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement . he has promised to call it quits if his grand national ride Shutthefrontdoor brings him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase . the royal liver building in Liverpool was lit up with a good luck message .
barcelona travel to the parc des princes for the first leg of the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . argentine forward Lionel Messi will lead the line for the lionel messi side . manager Laurent Blanc has described Messi as an 'unstoppable' player .
a marketing company has approached UEFA to propose an all-star match . 'North vs South' would feature stars from the premier league, Serie a and ligue 1 . the match would be inspired by the NBA All-Star Game between the Western and Eastern Conferences .
lionel messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 . the argentine has scored 45 goals in 44 games for barcelona this season . he was out for a while due to injury and missed a few games . messi's barca are top of the la liga and his personal goal tally is 45 .
Randy Lerner will attend the semi-final at wembley on sunday . the american owner has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years . Lerner has been trying to sell the club since last may .
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for the hosts in the 35th minute . he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers on tuesday . the striker has scored six goals in eight games for the home side .
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for the hosts in the 35th minute . he then doubled the lead in the second half with a hat-trick . it was the first time he had scored a premier league goal for a villa side .
manchester city have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final place in the champions league . they have conceded four goals for the first time since 2009 . city have lost four of their past six premier league games and five in 2015, one more than in the whole of 2014 .
gascoigne scored a ferocious free-kick against arsenal at wembley in 1991 . the goal was arguably the finest goal of his career at the etihad stadium . it was also arguably one of the best goals ever scored at the world cup . but it was not the first time the midfielder has scored in the competition .
redknapp was at the Emirates to watch arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 . he claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some fans . the 68-year-old is currently out of work after leaving his position at queens park rangers .
Bayern Munich are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba for the quarter-final, first leg in Portugal . the five-times champions look unaffected by the absences . they beat eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday and look to become the first team to beat porto in the champions league .
carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as united put their stuttering start to the season behind them . the 34-year-old is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon . but when he does, he says he'd like to try his hand at an F1 car . 'i love the sport, there's nothing like going to watch F1,' he said .
former arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors . Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury to captain the club . he was joined by other injury plagued first team players including Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee abou Diaby .
arsenal face reading in the semi-finals of the FA cup on saturday . the gunners are second in the premier league after an eight-match winning run . defender Frank McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973 .
arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions . arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted a run like this . the gunners have a slim chance of winning the premier league . but wenger says he has a relatively injury-free squad .
the 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the gunners last season . but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury . he has not featured for the first team since the champions league last-16 second leg against Bayern Munich in march 2014 .
former bath, Saracens and England prop David ‘Flats’ Flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament . ‘you kind of expect that kind of a buzz in rugby cities, like Cardiff and Exeter, but when you arrive in Newcastle, you realise there’s a proper enthusiasm in places that are normally dominated by football,’ he says . 'there are bound to be studies that come out, or bits of research, 15 minutes after the final whistle of the world
the 21st 2lb prop helped end northampton's three-month unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership . the 22-year-old tighthead qualifies for both England and Wales . he is yet to pledge his international allegiance despite being called up to Gatland's training camp during the RBS 6 Nations .
Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for the hosts at the madejski stadium . exiles still remain in seventh position but they lost ground on most of their rivals . Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby .
the 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer . he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season . the former queens park rangers youngster will be hoping to help his side to a crucial Premier League victory against Newcastle united on saturday .
the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed city . they have lost to manchester united and arsenal in recent weeks . but manager carver says his players need to relieve the pressure . he says: 'they'll think they have still got a chance'
the 19-year-old has been out for six weeks with a knee injury . he was awarded the man-of-the-match after impressing in the derby in february . the young winger is expected to be included in the squad for the clash with newcastle on monday .
sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at the club . the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of european clubs . he was one of four players at the launch of their new home kit at anfield .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with Inter and AC Milan in number of city duels . it's a system that leaves Real Madrid short in midfield especially when you consider none of the first choice midfield trio are defensive players . atletico's two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for Ronaldo, Bale and Benzema .
porto are hot favourites to reach the last four of the champions league . porto coach Julen Lopetegui has asked his team to call on 'ambition and imagination' to cause an upset . the germans have only been able to name three substitutes for the win over eintracht .
the image of Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola in conversation during a training session did the rounds on social media a few years ago . no sooner had Luis Enrique joined Barcelona at the start of this season and the photo libraries threw up an even better shot – one of Luis, Pep and Jose in their time at Barcelona . isn't that current PSG coach Laurent Blanc? and isn’t that porto coach Julen Lopetegui?
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, according to sportsmail's Jamie Carragher . the brazilian starred for the reds in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United . he managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul, though he could not score .
the italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season . he has only scored once in the premier league since joining last summer . but his agent has hinted that he would have to pay off first .
marouane Fellaini has been hailed as one of the best in world football . the Belgian has proved a handful for defences under louis van gaal . he was recently described as 'an undroppable' by the manager at old trafford .
marouane Fellaini has emerged as a force to be reckoned with in midfield . Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise the french centre back . carragher believes the Special One will retreat into his shell .
Ipswich drew 1-1 with rivals Wolves at the etihad stadium on sunday . benik afobe scored his 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute . a Richard Stearman own goal gave the visitors a first-half lead .
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by the force . rivals Manchester united, Liverpool and Leeds will all be in the capital . officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands .
manuel Pellegrini's job is the hardest in world football, says Sam Allardyce . the west ham boss believes the pressure of winning back-to-back titles has made his job the hardest . city have spent £44m on porto pair Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando last summer .
Leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday . they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away while welcoming QPR to the King Power Stadium on the final day of the season .
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and goalkeeper Adam Bogdan, 27 . the former england striker has scored just one goal this season . a late drinking session at a hotel last week prompted a complaint from hotel staff and guests .
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer . the midfielder has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks . hartley fears even playing in the three remaining games could see him break his curfew and end up in prison .
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the fiercely contested Conditional Jockeys title race . the season ends at Sandown on Saturday .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past new york city FC 1-0 . city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the red bulls . teal bunbury scored one and set up another as the new England revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in mls on sunday .
Lyon drew 2-2 with saint-etienne at the Stade de Gerland on sunday night . Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead midway through the first half . but Lindsay Rose was sent off and Max Gradel equalised from the spot .
Randy Lerner was tipped to make a rare appearance at wembley . the 53-year-old's aunt passed away on saturday . he has been trying to sell the club since last may .
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce's team bus on Saturday . two people suspected of involvement in the attack have been detained by police . decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and midweek cup quarter-finals .
boxer took to the mountains ahead of his mega-fight against mayweather . the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by that fight in 2013 . it is also expected to surpass the 2.5 million buys that mayweather's fight against Oscar de la hoya accumulated in 2007 .
the 32-year-old is preparing for his mega-fight with mayweather on may 2 . the pair will slug it out at the MGM grand in Las Vegas at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown . Pacquiao shared a video of his morning run on his Instagram account .
five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan will play debutant Craig Steadman . defending champion mark selby will play norway's Kurt Maflin . the tournament runs from April 18 to may 4 .
former world champion on brink of exiting world championships . doherty trails mark Davis 8-1 after first session of third-round qualifier . graeme dott trails world number 52 Yu Delu 5-4 in main draw .
'the rocket' admits waiting makes his mind wander to whether he'll make his dinner . 'i'm starving and I'm thinking: come on, well, if you're feeling hungry, you can't get to your ball and talk to your caddy and say 'he's playing a bit slow this f*****g idiot here',' he said .
manchester city lost 4-2 to rivals united at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini's side are now fourth in the premier league table . defender Pablo Zabaleta admits confidence is low ahead of derby .
'that's one of my worst days in a man city shirt, definitely,' says goalkeeper . 'it's hard to take. we've won enough of them to know how to lose properly though and we weren't good enough after the first 15 minutes,' he adds . manuel pellegrini's side are four points behind leaders united .
a table shows every club's total points gained against the top seven . united's humiliation of their neighbours City continued their outstanding record . louis van gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches .
the 19-year-old was arrested after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday . he said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . his father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raids .
a nine foot bull shark was spotted swimming past a condo in bonita spring, florida . the bull shark is considered among the deadliest sharks in the world . residents say fishermen are chumming the water - throwing bait - which is luring the animals back .
a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . one model, Amanda Ware, looked to have very little room to breathe, doing her best not to fog her vision .
australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily . the 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 Rio Olympics the day before she went into labour . she won her second world title for hurdles seven months after he was born in 2006 . Pittman's son, seven, is now the big brother of a little girl named cornelis .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . the red half of the city are now four points clear at the top of the premier league . united's website claimed they were turned red again in the space of 90 minutes . here is sportsmail's verdict on the issue .
the 30-year-old was hoping to make his first defence of the title he won against Matt Korobov last year . but american Peter Quillin failed to make the 160lb weight required . the fight at the barclays center in new york will no longer be a title fight .
the 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night . he was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest . the home favourite also picked up the vacant WBC international title .
super-bantamweight world champion has branded the offer a 'publicity stunt' . hearn made the offer live on tv after talks with his promoter had stalled . but he has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer .
the Hibs boss did not know what to make of Peter Houston's comments . 'i wished Falkirk all the best and good luck in the final but Peter’s made his comments,' said the manager . ‘i think you need to ask Peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game; it certainly was not what . Houston said .
fiorentina lost 1-0 to Hellas Verona after conceding a late goal . the defeat leaves them nine points behind third-placed AS Roma . alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the visitors .
the 250-piece collection from the designer at Target's lower price point sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning . thousands of enthusiastic shoppers logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened . now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay .
'halal' sex shop set to open in islam's holiest city, mecca, in saudi Arabia . it will stock 'islamically approved' adult items and 'sensual aids', it has emerged . owner of existing halal shop called El Asira is known for its range of oils .
atletico madrid face real madrid at the Bernabeu on tuesday night . there are no english clubs left in the last eight of the champions league . despite the plight of premier league clubs in the competition, Diego Simeone believes that Spain is still home to the two best teams in the world .
the university of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts . Hand joins the team with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . father Nate Hand called the partnership a physical representation of the outpouring of support they've received .
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .
it's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham .
the 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst . for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach . as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in apparent pain . the filmer later revealed that the injury required a total of seven stitches .
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to secure promotion . it is the club's fourth promotion in their short history . they will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may .
defenders Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire to be trialled at carrington . the 18-year-old scored a sensational free-kick against swindon last month . they are expected to spend a few days at the club as coaches assess whether they can prove useful additions .
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to a second successive final . the argentine has played 106 times for his country since the 1998 world cup . he was sacked by england's david beckham after the game in st etienne .
Gianluigi Buffon has been plying his trade in Serie A for 20 years . the italian goalkeeper has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram . here, he recalls the great names he played alongside and against .
real madrid have not beaten rivals atletico since winning the champions league . the spanish giants have lost four games and drawn three in the last eight months . real's last win against Atletico came in the final less than a year ago . but they have failed to win any of their last seven games .
real madrid coach Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace Steve McClaren . the 42-year-old's future will be decided at the end of the season . Derby are play-off contenders in the championship .
the 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the championship side . he has played at right back for the england under-19 side this season . gomez has been earmarked to play centre half in the future .
former manchester united defender says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach during his time at old trafford . the 33-year-old says he has already taken some of his coaching badges . he left the club on a free transfer in 2014 after eight years .
celebrities showed off their favourite football kits for football Shirt Friday . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt - old or new - in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain Bobby Moore . Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4, 1993, at the age of 51 .
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday . the 34-year-old won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 . ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime and is poised to return .
arsenal face reading in the semi-finals at wembley on saturday . the gunners beat the royals 3-2 in last year's final in extra time . arsene wenger's side have not won the trophy since 1927 .
Wellington Silva signed for arsenal in 2011 for £3.5million from Fluminese . but he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . the 22-year-old has now been granted a spanish passport . his passport means he can now play for any team in the european union .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday . mandzukic was involved in bust-ups and elbows during the match . the 28-year-old was as culpable as he was the victim . he committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by real .
atletico madrid keeper Jan Oblak cost £11million last season . the 22-year-old is a la liga record for a goalkeeper . he was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for madrid in the summer .
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on his Instagram account showing him undergoing close-up shots . the 22-year-old has been in fine form for the south london outfit since joining in february .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from manchester united . the 26-year-old links up well with real superstar Cristiano Ronaldo .
jurgen Klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on Wednesday . he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract, which was due to expire in 2018 . but he has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end . the german coach relayed the reactions of the players to his decision .
Matthias Sammer has warned pep guardiola that the club have to 'make plans for the future before it is too late' . the 47-year-old was speaking to BT Sport ahead of this week's defeat at porto . he laughed off the suggestion that you can play until you are 45 .
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru on the pitch . the 23-year-old was capped by his country for the first time last month . he placed a ring on keyru's finger before kissing and hugging her .
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria . the 41-year-old was fired on Wednesday after a poor run of form . but he was reinstated the next day after owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
benik Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment as he bids to become the country's top scorer . the striker has scored 31 times for MK dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane . he bagged 19 goals on loan at the club and has added 12 more since joining on a permanent deal from arsenal .
jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from the Manchester United Foundation's street reds project . the 41-year-old was a key player in the treble winning season of 1998-99 . he now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences .
video footage of creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on paranormal enthusiasts . one woman suffered alleged heart attack after watching video of peggy in car . paranormal investigator received influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos . some reported flashing visions of 'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces Lionel Messi at the nou camp on tuesday night . the 33-year-old was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against Chelsea . he has a dream team of team-mates he'd played with . his 30-yard propellor kick for Sweden against England is rated as the greatest goal .
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh . it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . for nearly two minutes the men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud or hit a green barrier against the wall . two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been 
the piano was created for an 'influential sheikh' in doha, Qatar . it took six months to build and every crystal was applied by hand . goldfinch is the only piano manufacturer in the world offering limitless options .
the 37-year-old presented the award to tennis ace Novak Djokovic . presented by the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation . starred alongside actors and sports stars .
each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings . in 2015 the festival has expanded its installations outside the CBD and now includes the newly erected central park in Chippendale and the north shore suburb of Chatswood .
anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex . porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire . for that reason, the website's URL address which would normally connect to a third-party website transferred visitors to the porn business instead .
black pup was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in Brooklyn, new york, over the weekend . each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air .
reporter Roger Lohse was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest Miami-Dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him . as the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .
the video was uploaded to twitter on Tuesday morning by popular radio duo Fitzy and Wippa . it was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources . the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight .
17-month-old Layla was found beaten to death at her home in festus, Missouri . she had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over . paramedics who attempted to treat her said she had been dead for hours . a three-year-old boy was also found with severe bruising and a broken leg . fast, 21, has been arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child .
visitors will be able to travel through time when one world trade center opens next month . they will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of the city from the 1500s to the present day as they ascend to the observation deck .
former footballer is selling a multi-million pound property for the second time this year . speculation he wants to dodge labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election . he has even threatened to leave the country if tax on properties over £2m comes in .
four men charged with gang rape of young woman at barracks in canada . given identical but unusual bail conditions in court in dartmouth, Nova Scotia . agreed to surrender passports and live at nearby naval base in Halifax . will continue to work for the royal navy and draw current pay .
the 80-year-old designer has made a fortune of £5billion over his 40-year career . in an interview, he spoke of his disapproval of women with breast enlargements . he also spoke of men who work out too much and a 'healthy' look .
video footage shows corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background . 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug .
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona . the current Ligue 1 champions need three goals in the nou camp . 'it will be very difficult for the PSG to score three in Camp Nou. they must do it but this PSG team is able to,' says the former real madrid star .
porto face five-time champions Bayern in the champions league on tuesday . porto are unbeaten in the competition so far this season . they are without several big names including arjen Robben and David Alaba .
a rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone . in an adorable video posted to YouTube, Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal .
black bears were spotted in government hill neighborhood of the city of anchorage . they have been spotted nosing through overturned trash cans several times . officials say killing the bears is the only option as they are likely to return .
striker was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout . he was dismissed after the clip of his tryst was shared on social media . his girlfriend, 25-year-old Bryony Hibbert, has slammed those responsible .
the football association have decided to withdraw from future tournaments . they say the competition does not suit the needs of its young players . the decision has been sped up by sky sports' move to withdraw funding .
Salford city clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title . title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town . the club won the title without having to kick a ball .
southend united beat bury 1-0 in their premier league clash on tuesday . former bury player David Worrall scored a superb free-kick in the 74th minute . the result moves southend into fourth place on goal difference .
MK Dons beat doncaster 3-0 to stay within a point of the automatic promotion places with two games to play . a freakish goal by Dean Bowditch, 25 minutes from time, broke the resistance and kept the heat on Preston at the top of league one . the dons remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the championship next season .
the 25-year-old was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines . he shrugged his shoulders at arsene wenger and ran to the dugout . the father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Kolo Toure admits 'sad' Steven Gerrard will deal with the reality of not being able to deliver a trophy for fans . 'you feel bad. it is always difficult when you lose a semi-final like that,' insists toure . former ivory coast international also feels sorry for the club's supporters . liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley on saturday .
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury . the striker played the full 90 minutes in the blues' last two games . he is now a potential doubt for the game against arsenal on sunday .
Graeme McDowell says there are a lot of potential eras evolving . 'when you look at Ryder Cups it makes it very interesting for them,' he said . the world number one is ranked 44th in driving distance with an average of 282 yards .
Justin Rose finished second at the augusta national on 14-under-par . he is hoping to follow the lead of the likes of rory mcilroy and phil mickelson . rose has won the us open and the masters six times in a row .
the former world no 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster . in the clip, the youngster is seen thanking a succession of people for the 'good week' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed: 'See you at Roland Garros'
will Stevens has been using the world-class facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder . the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive . he has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine located in the altitude chamber .
the 1,000 Guineas hope, trained by David Simcock, is one of six out of nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas . trainer Richard Hannon is represented by Osaila and Marsh Hawk in the Nell Gwyn at newmarket .
many Clouds won the grand national on saturday at lambourn . trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his gold cup conqueror coneygree in the newbury’s hennessy gold cup . the race in November has already been identified as a likely target . many clouds carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since red Rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st .
Ruby Walsh warns the field to go wide at the Canal Turn . balthazar King was taken to an equine hospital after falling on the first circuit . the jockey is a two-time winner of the national and is renowned as one of the greatest jockeys of all time .
many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings . the gelding passed the line one-and-three-quarter lengths in front of 33-1 shot Saint Are . jockey leighton aspell once walked away from the sport for 18 months after becoming disillusioned .
Clermont face Saracens at the Stade Geoffrey-Guichard on saturday . wesley fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for the team . Julien Bonnaire will be the first man to tackle the No 8 Billy Vunipola .
the 33-year-old has signed a new contract at the relegated-club . he previously played for bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets . barkley won 23 test caps for the exiles, the last of which was against new zealand in 2008 .
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a European force . the gulf between clubs from the Aviva Premiership and the Top 14 is bigger than ever . 'when you walk about french dominance, the teams are coming from France but the players aren't,' he says .
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds . the 31-year-old has suffered multiple concussions in recent seasons . he won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against new Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests .
argentine centre Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park . the 31-year-old was the hero of Saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over Racing Metro 11 days ago . his deal follows contracts announced earlier this week for locks George Kruis and Maro Itoje .
the 23-year-old did not attend a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation . wasps team-mate Andy goode tweeted: 'bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he’s too tired, poor culture & no trust' the event was set up by and named after the paralysed former england u21 prop .
Clermont auvergne face northampton in the champions cup semi-final . the french outfit thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie . a place at the Twickenham final is in sight for the top 14 side .
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join bath at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit . he helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month .
the SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT . the telecommunications giant had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield . they will follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey .
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match . the 20-year-old suffered 'a cardiac arrest following on-field injury' he was only playing as a substitute having been the 12th man . former captain Sachin Tendulkar paid tribute to 'promising' cricketer .
incoming chairman of the ewb upped the stakes by declaring the hosts 'mediocre' and promised 'some inquiries' if they did not win the series . 'you never expect that in any international, let alone a Test team,' says Ian Bell . the 33-year-old scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test .
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone hit a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich . the 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138 balls . it is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .
the first double hundred of hales' career helped Nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire . the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps, having been invited to bat first . hales scored his runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 .
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday . moeen Ali has joined up with the squad after missing the first test . he will replace the injured James Tredwell if he is fully fit .
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his return to the LV= County Championship . the 34-year-old appeared to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the students last week . he was hoping to find a way back into the England set-up . but his 28-ball stay ended when he edged to Colin Ingram .
no first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on . the 31-year-old is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner . his match with Kurt Maflin concludes on Saturday, the only clash to finish on day one .
former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds . her winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in Beijing in august . she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems .
mark selby will face tournament debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round . the world no 1 has won two titles this season ahead of his defence . he is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks .
the 18-time Olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona . he won the race with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out Ryan Lochte . the 29-year-old is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio de Janeiro .
the 26-year-old won the 2013 BMX world title in burnham-on-sea . he also won the world cup series title in 2014 . Phillips is hoping to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 games .
taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook was left out of the 2012 squad . the 24-year-old applied for citizenship earlier this month . he has already received his passport from the small eastern european state .
a 10-man arsenal Under-21s side fell to a 3-2 defeat by middlesbrough on monday . goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scythed down Harry Chapman in the box . Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper Matt Macey .
'i was angry about the defeat, I was thrilled after seeing some old friends, but especially I was proud,' says the midfielder . 'if we keep playing like this there will be many more wins than defeats,' he says . mata was named player of the year two years running .
the 57-year-old has never finished higher than 11th in the premier league . he won promotion with Stoke and got them to an FA Cup final . but his overall record is one of the worst of any long-serving manager .
Hull face high-flying Southampton on saturday without a win in five games . the Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for QPR and Leicester last week . manager Steve Bruce admits his side need to pull off 'crazy results' .
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 in their premier league clash at the king power stadium . the result lifts the club to 17th in the table and ends a five-month spell at the bottom . qpr, burnley, hull and sunderland are shorter odds to go down .
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game on sunday . owner Mike Ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation of supporters . the official attendance for the 3-1 defeat by spurs was 47,427 .
pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to the club's season . the former crystal palace boss was sacked by the club in april . he has since resigned and the club are now on 20 points .
crystal palace beat sunderland 2-0 at the stadium of light on saturday . winger Yannick Bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick in just over 10 minutes . it was his first trip back to the north east and boy did he enjoy it . palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care .
garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement for Sam Allardyce . the west ham manager's contract expires at the end of the season . but monk insists the perfect manager is already in place at the club .
dele alli was crowned the football league young player of the year on Sunday . the 19-year-old scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for mk dons . alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio pochettino .
the 18-year-old scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton . he had made just four substitute appearances before facing the sons . the former Celtic full-back's last goal was against the hoops in 2011 .
Rangers currently lead the race for second spot in the championship . a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south . finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions Hearts would spare the Ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs .
Dave King will have to convince the governing body's professional game board that 41 convictions under south africa tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations . the south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month . he plans a return to the boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles .
the reds have made their play for Danny Ings this season . he is set to leave burnley when his contract expires in the summer . the england international is also a target for arsenal, everton, Serie a side Roma and inter .
builders are putting the finishing touches to the eighth wonder of the world . the 5,000-capacity stadium is set to host Benfica for the official opening . it is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of old Trafford, seven miles away .
'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners' challenges popular perception about the US bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening £800m takeover in 2005 . former finance PR executive served as the notoriously private family's spokesman until current executive vice chairman Ed Woodward sent him on his way in 2010 . he lifts the lid on the Florida-based owners who caused a ferocious storm when they seized control of the club and plunged
barcelona and real madrid are interested in signing a number of players this summer . the spanish giants want to sign players before the end of the season . a clear-out could see the exodus bigger than in most other seasons . sportsmail look at 10 potential Clasico exports .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny turns 25 on saturday . the 25-year-old was joined by family and friends at his home in london . he was treated to a private performance by his girlfriend, Mariana Luczenko .
the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club . the problems at Newcastle run deeper than a manager who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad . united’s supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire Ashley .
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city . but allardyce has warned the england defender that the grass isn't always greener . the 25-year-old has had a fine debut season in the premier league .
Charlton earned a point at the Valley in the premier league on saturday . the result means they are eight points clear of the leaders chelsea . a late goal from Johann Gudmundsson gave the hosts the lead . it was just eight minutes after the break when Ross McCormack headed over Stephen Henderson .
Mauricio pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from England duty . the england forward has been one of the stars of the premier league, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham . he is just one away from becoming their first player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season .
massimiliano allegri named his second oldest side in champions league history . the Serie a giants had an average age of 30 years and 64 days . giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started for the old lady .
Ashley Young moved to old trafford from aston villa in 2011 . the 29-year-old feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal . young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club . but the winger says easing himself in was only natural .
amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 . he rejected a potential £5million pay day against fellow british boxer Kell Brook . reports in the us suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri .
welterweight boxer takes to social media to show off his ripped physique . the 36-year-old posted a snap of himself tensing his upper torso in a boxing ring . he also met up with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and saved by the bell actor Mario Lopez .
the famous hug between Bobby Moore and Bobby Pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship . defender Tim Krul congratulated sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time . sportsmail's Jamie Carragher lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .
Tomas Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils in the semi-finals of the clay-court Masters tournament . Raonic retired from his quarter-final encounter after dropping serve for the second time .
Rafael Nadal beats John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) at the Monte Carlo Masters . the world number three will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals . he will face fellow spaniard David Ferrer in the last eight .
Grigor Dimitrov beats Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals . the bulgarian will face frenchman gael monfils in the last eight . defending champion will now face agnieszka radwanska in the other semi .
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner Valencia . the blues are offering a new contract to midfielder Patrick Bamford . he will go out on loan at middlesbrough but will earn £7,500 a week .
patrcik Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season for middlesbrough . the 21-year-old has been prolific in his loan spells at Boro, Derby and MK dons . sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks over a new deal .
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for arsenal against reading on saturday . the goalkeeper has been deposed as the club's no 1 . arsene wenger confirmed the keeper will play ahead of David Ospina .
arsene wenger's side face arsenal in the premier league semi-final on saturday . reading have struggled in the championship this season . but manager Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' .
the third round ties were split over five days due to new years day matches . if they progress to the final, that will be contested on may 30 . the massive premier league match between Chelsea and Manchester united is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as their semi-final against arsenal at wembley .
all three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . they return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world’s finest athletes .
former everton and manchester city midfielder is now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City . the 53-year-old speaks of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal . he talks about the upside of salary caps, what Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard can expect and the humility of his star signing Kaka .
in 2012-13, 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live . last season that was 32 million - or more than one in 10 people in the us . NBC have transported their entire premier league production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England .
manuel pellegrini's players were all in action at their Etihad Campus base . striker Sergio Aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with shooting practice . aguero signed a new five-year contract with the club in august .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in the champions league . the quarter-final first leg ended goalless with gareth bale missing a glorious chance . new york city FC posted a photo of villa on their official Instagram account .
eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries . nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads . the derby could see no Mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row .
'Truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person. Thank you @MannyPacquiao for welcoming us into your home,' said the undefeated ufc women's bantamweight champion . the 28-year-old recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7 .
boxer holds an open workout for the media on tuesday night . the session will be streamed live across the world .
the Filipino icon will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in los angeles this evening under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach .
'i'm fighting for Filipinos' shows off his musical talent . boxer is joined by compatriots as he sings about poverty in the country . the 36-year-old is hoping to sing after his showdown with Floyd mayweather .
the referee for Floyd Mayweather's clash with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next month will earn $10,000 (£6,800) the fight at the MGM Grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) both fighters are hard at work in their preparations for the mega fight .
boxer rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million Bugatti . owner of Fusion luxury motors Obi Okeke was given the task of getting the car . he said: 'the most challenging thing i've ever done for Floyd is when he called me at three o'clock in the morning and said, "obi, I want a Bugatti and I want one in my driveway in 12 hours"' the £1.5m car was delivered just 11 hours later and
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) she usually makes the champ healthy food, but not on snack day . mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit .
theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal . the 26-year-old has attracted interest from premier league duo manchester city and liverpool . he is scheduled to sit down with gunners chiefs over the next fortnight .
atletico madrid have been pulling the strings in terms of transfers . the secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret . no club has used third-party ownership lenience in spain more to its advantage than Atletico . aguero was sold to manchester city and replaced by falcao .
'Inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves' airs on tuesday at 10pm on bt sport 1 . former germany midfielder Philipp Lahm speaks to former team-mate . lahm praised manager pep guardiola's 'tactical understanding' .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the defender has criticised referee Milorad Mazic's performance . he said officials from 'minor leagues' shouldn't be allowed to refereed high-profile games .
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be bitten by real madrid's Daniel Carvajal . the atletico striker complained he was elbowed after a clash with Sergio Ramos . but the former manchester united midfielder said he over-reacted .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday night . gareth bale missed the best chance of the game early in the first half . the striker has scored seven goals in his last three matches .
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico on tuesday night . spanish papers praise 'dazzling displays' from Raphael Varane and Arda Turan . barca face the only team to have beaten them in the champions league this season; a Group F match in which PSG won 3-2 in September .
aston villa beat spurs 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . leandro Bacuna scored the winning goal for the home side . crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 at the etihad stadium .
Wilfried Zaha signed for manchester united for £10million in 2013 . the 22-year-old winger was loaned back to the club for the rest of the season . he made just four appearances for the club in two years with the club .
the 48-year-old was speaking at the Laureus sports awards in Shanghai . he said: 'porn? no, it's not porn. It's just a piece of art. but you can see it like this' .
javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to former striker Eric Cantona . the argentine has scored three goals and five assists this season . he has scored 45 goals for barcelona and 51 goals for real madrid .
former manchester united striker believes united are 'kings of the city' after derby win . cantona believes they have found the right man in louis van gaal to drive them to the premier league title next year . he also believes the onus they put on developing young players gives them the edge over city in the long run .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at the etihad on wednesday . a late Chris Maguire penalty secured a point for the visitors . the result leaves the hosts one point clear of the leaders chelsea .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in the premier league on saturday . a foul on callum Wilson was not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty . howe was at a loss as to why the decision was not given . click here for all the latest transfer news .
italian midfielder has heaped praise on his team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic . the 33-year-old has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for the french club this season . but Verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important .
porto are unbeaten in the champions league this season . the 'dragons' have only reached the quarter-finals once before . porto beat basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round on saturday . a hat-trick from Ricardo Quaresma helped them to victory .
manolo gabbiadini gave the visitors a four-goal lead moments after coming on as a second-half substitute . former arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts in the first leg of the quarter-finals . the visitors came into the match having lost just once in their last 26 matches .
petr cech posted a video playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2 . the 32-year-old has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in the pecking order . cech is expected to leave this summer with arsenal and liverpool linked .
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . he has won two Bundesliga titles, the german cup and reached the champions league final in 2013 at wembley . the cult boss has elevated himself into the realms of the 'cult manager' like Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho, he is much more open than Guardiola .
a pit crew member was hit by a car during the inaugural indycar grand prix of Louisiana on sunday . front-outside tire changer Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone . the car spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg . he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
arjen Robben has missed his side's last three matches due to an abdominal injury . the former real madrid winger is close to returning to full fitness . he has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days .
alvaro arbeloa, asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their HQ . the trio were joined by adidas presenter roman Kemp during the tour . real madrid's first-team stars have access to their own personalised rooms .
a number of fans in the east stand at the Etihad have been told their £885 season cards will rocket to £1,750 . but the club say the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package . they still have 8,000 seats below manchester united's cheapest offering . some of the fans affected claim city are abusing their loyalty .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium on sunday . the striker was caught in the face by on-rushing Cheikhou Kouyate . manuel pellegrini believes the referee did not mean to damage his player .
a flare hit the Russian keeper on the head in the opening seconds of the game . the match was abandoned after 67 minutes and both teams left the pitch . UEFA has ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors . one of those matches is suspended for two years while another is deferred .
manchester united beat city 2-0 at old trafford on saturday . marouane fellaini gave the hosts an early lead with a thumping header . edin dzeko equalised for the visitors after a brilliant volley . young's free-kick was released by Wayne Rooney to add a fourth .
manchester city's under 18s fell to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first-leg on monday night . city captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance . the defeat leaves city bottom of the premier league table, while city are fourth .
Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in the champions league on tuesday . defender Ricardo carvalho was booked for a challenge on alvaro morata . the referee pointed to the spot after the striker fell outside the area .
chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto . the 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for the club if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . but manager jose mourinho admits that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy .
Patrick Bamford won the championship player of the year award on sunday . the 21-year-old has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . he believes his long-term future will be at the etihad stadium .
chairman dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form a 'three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough . former Hull owner Adam Pearson will advise on business at the club .
'i'm getting bored by Newcastle,' says sportsmail columnist . carragher slams the chairman and says he's alarmed at the state . 'when you watched them over the years there was madness, there was excitement, stupid goals going in one end and then the other, but it was exciting' .
moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for the official fan club in Pakistan . the 27-year-old has been called up for the final two tests in the west indies . he made the announcement on friday and said: 'i'm happy to announce I'm the new brand ambassador'
Bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs . Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply . Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur .
winger Josh mantellato kicked four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull . the scots avoided a potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin . it was only the east Yorkshire side's second cup success since 2011 .
Huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14 in the super league . winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp . former wakefield wildcats star has now scored six tries in five appearances .
Gary Cahill is yet to win the premier league with Chelsea since joining in 2012 . the defender has won four cups with the club, including the champions league . but he believes a title challenge would be his most testing achievement yet .
the Ligue 1 champions lost 3-1 to barcelona in the first leg last week . a brace from Luis Suarez secured a 3-1 victory at the nou camp . but manager Laurent Blanc has called his side's chances 'practically impossible' . the french champions have two players back from suspension .
javier Pastore has been hailed as 'the best player in the world' by Eric Cantona . the argentine scored a brace as PSG reclaimed top spot in Ligue 1 . pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him .
driver was pulled over for suspected drink driving in chico, california . he claims he was wrestled to the floor and 'hog tied' by two policemen . footage shows him being repeatedly hit with an object as he lay on the road .
the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season . it contributes more to the south australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix . sian's trip to Adelaide is enough to convince anyone that it is the true food capital of australia .
Eddie Hearn has unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras . he wants to force a deal with the defending super-bantamweight champion . but efforts to make a super-fight with Scott Quigg remain deadlocked .
Andy Lee is making his first defence of his WBO middleweight belt . the former champion is yet to taste defeat as a professional . he says he is ready for anything he has in his locker . click here for more boxing news .
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'this is my dad!' the image was first shared on reddit under the headline 'Dad security' at the weekend .
bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone . she was leaving the house in Port St. Lucie, south-east florida, following 'a brief altercation' after bundling his three siblings into her car, she started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped on the hood . as she stopped the car, the teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot .
female customers are demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own . they are decked out with Moroccan rugs, cushions, chandeliers and coffee tables . some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs, complete with working jukebox .
the 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday . the late fashion trendsetter's granddaughter, 26-year-old Lilly Leas, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm . her own daughter Liza, 58, said that her mother, who died in 2013 at the age of 81, 'would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something'
Cassey's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers . in a powerful and provocative new video, she highlights the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips . the 28-year-old fitness pro says negative comments on her videos have become particularly bad lately .
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games . he is eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership with five games to play . the 63-year-old has been absent from the shortlist for the player of the year awards .
stingray nibbles on freediver's head as he lay still on the ocean floor . ray swam over the 29-year-old commercial diver's body three times . video was produced for his production company Terra australis TV .
former barcelona defender says the current crop are on their way to treble . he was part of the team that won six trophies in 2009 . the catalan giants will face athletic bilbao in the final .
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for the toffees this season . the midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries . he returned to action earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
arsenal face reading in the semi-final of the premier league on tuesday . welbeck scored against manchester united and is a credit to his family . the striker expects a tough test against a championship side at wembley .
Chelsea have announced a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider Technogym . the company have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment . players including Eden Hazard and cesar azpilicueta have been pictured working out in the gym .
the fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on may 2 . the fight is expected to earn an estimated $180m from the pay-per-view fight . music artist Liljamez posted the photo of the 'Money' mayweather .
falcao was introduced as a second-half substitute against liverpool . the striker spent the evening in the company of defender Jonas Gutierrez . he was given a standing ovation during his side's 2-0 defeat by city .
'battle of Holland' saw reigning premier league darts champion Raymond van Barneveld defeat world no 1 Michael van Gerwen 7-3 . van Gerwin ended his previously unbeaten record with a scintillating finish . 'Jackpot' earned himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the knockout stages .
richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . his wife, daphne, declined the offer of a state funeral . a small private funeral was held at the eastern suburbs memorial park .
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike . Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane added a second for the visitors after a curling free-kick misses his team-mates . the result equalled a club-record rot of six straight defeats in the premier league .
argentine striker Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put city 2-0 up at the break . defender James Collins' miss-timed clearance looped over Adrian for an own goal . manuel pellegrini's side have now lost three of their last eight games .
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for real madrid in the 24th minute . James Rodriguez doubled the lead in the 69th-minute after missing a penalty . gareth bale and luka modric were also substituted in the second half .
inverness defender Josh Meekings has been retrospectively suspended . the defender was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final win over Celtic on sunday . if upheld, he will be denied a place in the final by the fa .
Divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer . the 20-year-old was loaned back to former club Lille on a season-long loan . origi has revealed that his compatriot has been advising him about life at the club and in the city .
a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events is opposed by both FIFA and UEFA . the bill, entitled 'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions', will be reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from April 27-30 and discussed in parliament on may 4-5 . matches in Greece have been suspended three times just this season .
united lost seven of their 19 league games at old trafford last season . under van gaal, united have won 3-0 and 4-2 in the corresponding fixtures . despite a dismal run of results, united are back in the top four .
the 50-year-old collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta . he was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack . it's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying at the resort .
a 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park . the red 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived . witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . it is believed the fire started in the engine in the car .
Tegan Peters, 22, found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau park, south of Auckland . self-proclaimed animal lover was 'shocked' and 'disgusted' to find the ball . she took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her facebook page . the post had over 12 thousand likes in just 12 hours .
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up . she's then handed another fry - but this time she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer .
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti were runners-up at the ballon d'or in January . ancelotti said life in Madrid would be a lot easier if atletico weren't around . the italian has been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by his nemesis .
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags . out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track . the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system, ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as not to spin it .
insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in . they are using this as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled . most firms have a 'reasonable care' clause in contracts, meaning they are not liable if people didn't protect their possessions .
in a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses during his prostitution arrest . he was arrested the night after the super bowl at the Renaissance hotel in phoenix, arizona . the two women who were arrested were Britney Osbourne, 23, and 34-year-old quying boyd .
the 17-year-old student was arrested and charged with aggravated assault . the boy was in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team . 'the kid just went nuts on him. Coach Aydelott was sitting down at his desk and the guy just kept whaling on him,' said the principal .
sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, 'raped last victim' they 'doused bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia' pair 'fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers who saw it being driven erratically' if convicted, both teens could be jailed for life .
the man, who has not been named, fell onto electrified tracks in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday afternoon . he was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him . it is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the edge of the platform .
a Texas school worker is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday . Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video . all five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester was due to land at 11.25pm on friday . but by the time they arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3 . passengers claim they were not asked for documents but were able to simply stroll past empty security cubicles . border force claim a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into the airport . former airport worker claimed arriving passengers are frequently unchecked .
traffic began to build up on the M58 around Switch island in merseyside . a silver Mercedes attempted to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait . but a Renault driver wasn't happy and pulled into the inside to block the Mercedes from advancing any further . each time he tries, the Renault swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes passing .
the tory leader hit back at presenter after being left baffled by questions . came as he turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox . he promised at the weekend he would ‘take to the streets’ to defend the record .
young german shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully . its adoptive mother watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor . the young dog makes a lunge for its toy bone but her mother pushes it down .
the 20-day-old 'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . owner Xiao Qibin said the goat is healthy and has an 'extraordinary appetite'
Virgil van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the title . the hoops lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season . he started with a disastrous Champions League qualifying campaign .
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . he is the championship's player of the year . the england international is on loan at the etihad stadium .
the 20-year-old has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . the legal high is also known as 'hippy crack' and starves the brain of oxygen . he was also exposed on sunday after he puffed on a shisha pipe .
porto lost 6-1 at home to german side Bayern Munich on tuesday night . the defeat was the first time porto had reached the quarter-finals since 2008-09 . porto boss Julen Lopetegui was hugged by fans congratulating him on his side .
england midfielder will make decision at the end of the season . he has been linked with a move to liverpool, arsenal and everton . but he is frustrated by reports suggesting he's already outlined move . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
the 19-year-old has been in contract dispute with his club atletico paranaense . he is due to speak to Chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to stamford bridge which would likely see him loaned out . city have been keen on the attacking midfielder following his performances in the world U17 championships two years ago .
Alassane Plea has scored three goals for Nice this season . the 22-year-old can also play as an attacking midfielder . former blackburn defender Bryan Dabo is also on scouts' radar .
Serie a champions Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer . a report in italy claims they have a plan in place to sign the in-demand striker . cavani has admitted his frustration at being played out of position under Laurent Blanc . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Memphis Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of Europe's biggest boys . depay's former boss louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign him .
andre Gomes has been linked with a move to premier league duo manchester united and chelsea . the 21-year-old midfielder insists he is happy to stay at the club . he has netted four times in 25 la Liga appearances since leaving last summer .
lazio beat napoli 1-0 in the second leg of the coppa italia semi-final . scouts watched the midfielder set up the winning goal for the champions . the 21-year-old has attracted interest from psg, manchester city, liverpool and arsenal .
a £4million deal has been mooted for the 22-year-old forward . but he admits he isn't sure if he will join the premier league title chasers . he scored 13 times in his debut season for the japanese side .
two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken . looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves . of children who took selfies, 79 per cent said they were happy with the way they looked .
retired policeman Spencer Bell, 71, bravely ventured on to motorway in hertfordshire . he was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad . as he tended victim, 67-year-old was struck and killed on the motorway .
incident happened on an unregistered road between the A417 and cowley . driver had followed his sat nav down the country lane and lost his roof . officers tweeted a picture of the mishap to warn other drivers .
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn a draw for the impact . argentine striker Ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead early in the first half . the second-half substitute headed home a cross from Argentine midfielder Rubens Sambueza .
the 29-year-old fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in september 2013 . he was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to injury . the left-back joined bolton from Norwich in 2010 .
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the club's under-21s on Tuesday . the 26-year-old set up striker Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal . he has made just one league start for the magpies this season . but he hopes to be involved in first-team again soon .
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season . the frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since joining the club in 2006 . he has made just 22 appearances in four seasons for the gunners .
defender has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from anfield . the 30-year-old's contract expires in 2016 and he will not leave the club . he has been linked with moves to Wolfsburg and Serie a outfit Napoli .
ex-Kop striker Stan Collymore believes under-fire manager Brendan Rodgers is the right man to take the club forward . the 42-year-old has come under fire after a disappointing third season . rodgers' side were dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by aston villa .
the 29-year-old was caught in the face by an elbow from west Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate . he required eight minutes of treatment before being taken to hospital . but tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture and could make swift return .
aston villa and reading have been charged in relation to crowd disturbances . villa beat west brom 2-0 at villa park in the sixth round of the fa cup . reading beat Bradford 3-0 in a replay at the madejski stadium on saturday . the clubs have until the end of the week to respond to the charge .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium on sunday . striker David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate . the spaniard was taken to hospital but tests have confirmed no fractures . manuel pellegrini's side are joint top of the premier league table .
Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as unbeaten boxer . he mocks the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo . the fight will take place at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on may 2 .
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach the final . the sixth seed will face either Rafael Nadal or top-ranked Novak Djokovic . monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set .
sheik Joaan al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride in France . he is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot . dettori finished third on al Shaqab’s Moheet in yesterday’s Novae Bloodstock Craven Stakes .
Clermont lost 1-0 to Saracens in the european final on saturday . maro Itojie made his first start for the club in a tight first half . mark McCall's men will now focus on the Aviva premiership .
Saracens take on clermont auvergne at the stade geoffroy-guichard on saturday . if every player in his squad gets on to the field, they will be 23 warriors . former england fly half Charlie Hodgson will run the show .
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series . no tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in march 2009 . 'Home' Test and ODI series in the meantime have taken place in the united arab emirates .
west indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirms leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo will play . the 29-year-old will play in the second test at the national stadium in Grenada . bishoo's record over 11 caps is modest, with 40 wickets at 39.55 .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season . the 34-year-old scored just 19 against Glamorgan on sunday . former captain Mike Gatting believes he should not walk straight back .
alastair cook has not scored a Test century since may 2013 . he is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors . but his hopes of remaining captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home .
the Warriors built a 15-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter . new Orleans power forward Anthony Davis scored a game-high 35 points . Visiting Washington outscored Toronto 11-4 in the overtime in winning the opener of their first-round playoff series .
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre . there is interest from China in hosting the event . but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC, both of which expire in 2017 .
world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in Las Vegas . the 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal . her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year .
winger is currently on loan at villa from manchester city . he can be bought for £2.5million in the summer . the 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for the club .
burnley striker Danny Ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool . the 22-year-old has also been linked with moves to monchengladbach and real sociedad . ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up .
Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard became good friends during his successful career at the club . the striker has scored four goals for atletico since returning to the spanish giants on loan in february . he has scored just four goals since leaving the club in 2011 .
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from the squad for sunday's 3-1 defeat by Tottenham . the Argentinian was left out for 'selection reasons' after a row with coach John carver . his contract is up in the summer and he is set to be released at the end of the season .
four queens park rangers fans jailed for football-related disorder . incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw with burnley at loftus road . childs, Hutchins, Foreman and pack were also sentenced on friday .
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat blackburn 2-1 . the 19-year-old has not been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of Ronald Koeman . gallagher says he hopes to end the under-21 premier league strong .
Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball . the former spurs forward scored a sublime volley as his side defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month . sunderland are in the middle of a premier league relegation battle .
sunderland are three points above the relegation zone but have won just one in nine . the black cats are odds-on to finish inside the bottom three . manager Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager .
sunderland lost 4-0 to crystal palace at the stadium of light on saturday . the defeat was the fourth in the premier league this season . a hat-trick from Yannick Bolasie gave the visitors the lead . but a second-half goal from roberto soldado sealed the victory .
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica . the 23-year-old has struggled to make an impression in south Wales . he is expected to start against bottom club Leicester on saturday .
dele alli has impressed for the likes of Milton keynes dons this season . the 19-year-old was loaned back to the club for the rest of the campaign . alli set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament .
pep guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg as he orchestrated Bayern's 6-1 win against porto . 'it even bursts Pep's pants!' says Bild after the game . porto's 'tragic half hour' was a 'disaster' for the champions .
FIFA president sepp Blatter met with Russia president Valdimir Putin . the 79-year-old is expecting a 'wonderful' event at the 2018 world cup . sochi will be one of 11 host cities where matches will take place .
sporting director Txiki begiristain watched porto vs Bayern on tuesday . city are keen to revamp their squad when the summer transfer window opens in June . porto's attacking midfielder Yacine Brahimi is a prime target for the club .
former QPR boss says he has been rescued by the kids this season . 'finishing sixth or seventh is certainly not going forward,' he says . redknapp also criticises club's recruitment policy after sale of gareth bale .
'he deserves this moment because he has worked a lot,' says Mauricio pochettino . the 21-year-old scored his 30th goal of the season in 3-1 win over Newcastle . he became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark . but 'we need to push him to try to improve his level,' he says .
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba . the 22-year-old is valued at around £6million . andone is also rivalling west bromwich albion for winger Bakary Sako .
mark Halsey has slammed the FA's decision to ignore mark Clattenburg . the former premier league referee said the english game would be a 'laughing stock' 'I don’t blame Jon Moss. but is he the best man for the job? Absolutely not,' he said .
the 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano . the wonderkid was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane . he missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1 .
real madrid's £2.3m, 16-year-old wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been dropped from the club's B-team Castilla . the norwegian is said to be on a different wavelength to his team-mates as he rarely trains with them . he was chased by a host of top european clubs before he left Stromsgodset for the club .
Cristiano Ronaldo helped Portugal go top of Euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening . he was pictured greeting fellow galactico Gareth Bale, who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in Wales' 3-0 win against Israel in Haifa . real's first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - were reunited on Wednesday as they took part in training .
Charlie Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked . the six-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and some sweets . sherwood wrote him a letter congratulating him on his credentials .
carles N'Zogbia posed in his flowery outfit before training on Tuesday . the keeper described it as the 'worst outfit ever' on twitter . sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as spurs boss .
arsenal face reading in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the gunners have won 16 out of 18 matches in all competitions . per Mertesacker will not allow himself any sense of complacency .
crystal palace host west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . everton host burnley in the fa cup semi-final at the etihad stadium . chelsea host manchester united in the FA Cup final at 5.30pm . manchester city host west ham united at upton park in the premier league .
per Mertesacker says jurgen Klopp would be a top manager in the premier league . the german says he would be given time to decide on his future at the club . Klopp announced earlier this week he will be leaving his role at borussia .
former arsenal keeper says save against Sheffield United was the best he ever made . the 51-year-old says it topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England . arsene wenger has been warned not to underestimate his semi-final opponents .
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for the blues since January . there have been suggestions he could be offloaded by manager jose mourinho . but the brazilian insists he is happy at the club and will stay .
former undisputed super-middleweight champion enjoyed a holiday in barbados . the couple took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim before the rain came down . they retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer .
boxer is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance . he posted a picture to social media showing him standing in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet . marvin hagler believes he lacks class and puts people to sleep with his performances .
'the nation's fist' wrote and directed the music video . 'lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' translates as 'i will fight for the fillipino' . the video includes a montage of Pacquiao's fights and humanitarian efforts . it will be played ahead of his $300m mega-fight with mayweather .
united have held talks with burnley over the signing of Danny Ings . the 22-year-old striker is out of contract in the summer . ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the premier league . united are also interested in signing Memphis Depay and Nathaniel Clyne .
Radamel falcao has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before injury . the former atletico madrid striker moved to old trafford on a season-long loan last summer . former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes the Colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to the premier league .
the 54-year-old squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall . it is the 16-time world champion's fourth defeat of the premier league season . the defeat sees him finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth .
world no 1 van Gerwen beat countryman van Barneveld 7-2 last week . the 25-year-old remains undefeated in the premier league darts . van Gerwin could be eliminated if he loses to Gary Anderson on tuesday .
rodgers will remind sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies . the 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack' on Sunday he was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . he faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour .
Ian Bell, Joe Root and the rejuvenated Ben Stokes helped restore order in this crucial first Test . the last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield . alastair cook desperately needs both runs and victories if he is to avoid being swept out along with managing director Paul Downton .
richie Benaud, the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, has died aged 84 . the daily tv had a special tribute edition with the headline 'A marvellous innings' next to a striking image of him during the 1961 Ashes series . The weekend australia went with 'the voice of our endless summers falls silent' .
a routine shot from Alexis Sanchez squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici . the goalkeeper knelt to gather it but somehow it trickled over the line as he scrambled in vain to retrieve it . it was the 106th minute of the game when the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line .
supporters are planning to boycott today's game at home to Spurs . they are protesting against owner Mike Ashley for a perceived lack of ambition . former manager pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline .
Newcastle fans stayed away from the game against Tottenham on sunday . several hundred gathered outside of the stadium before kick-off . they called for billionaire Mike Ashley to quit the club . sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over the stadium .
an own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Premier League strike of the season was enough to give city the three points . yaya toure and adam lallana also impressed for the hosts at the etihad stadium .
Rafa Benitez was appointed interim manager of the blues in 2012 . he was given a frosty reception after making a number of derogatory comments about the club during his time at the club . the argentine will have a host of clubs after his services at the etihad .
west ham face manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday . city had won their last five games against the hammers - by 14-1 aggregate . defender Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer fear facing city .
the agent of Yaya Toure has called manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' he also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain . toure's agent Dimitri Seluk said that it was wrong to criticise toure .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . the blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge . manager jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's low possession stat .
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league . but he says he will remain in charge of the 10-time european champions . the 55-year-old believes goalkeeper Iker Casillas will also stay at the club .
asmir Begovic has been linked with a move to real madrid this summer . the 27-year-old goalkeeper has been one of the premier league's most consistent keepers . but mark Hughes has played down reports of the bosnian leaving the club .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid against Rayo Vallecano . the 30-year-old only needed 288 games to reach the milestone figure . he was presented with a shit with '300 goals' on the back on friday .
a conference call about a fight with mayweather was abruptly cancelled . a spokesman for the boxer's promoter blamed technical difficulties . the only question he answered was from a top Rank PR person . promoter Bob Arum got frustrated when the first caller in the queue wasn't someone who was supposed to be in line to ask a question .
Luis Suarez scores twice to make it 3-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . the uruguayan sends keeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way in the first half . suarez then scores his second goal of the game in the 67th minute . it is the third goal in a three-match spanish league campaign .
barcelona president says 'he has a place at the club until he decides to retire' . argentine has been linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year . but bartomeu insists he wants the 'best in the world' to stay at the bernabeu .
a video shows brazilian ace Neymar kneeing fellow south american striker suarez where it hurts during a training session . the pair joked around in training as the former england striker was stricken . despite scoring 31 goals for liverpool in the premier league last season, he admitted the prospect of proving himself in barca's vaunted attack was intimidating .
barcelona president says the club are 'very happy' with manager's performance . bartomeu refutes claims that he will be replaced in the summer . the 44-year-old has signed a two-year deal with the spanish giants .
Monaco vice-president vadim Vasilyev says united have yet to decide if they will sign Radamel Falcao permanently in the summer . the Colombian striker joined united on a one-year loan deal in September . but he has scored just four goals in 25 appearances this season .
Leonardo Jardim insists he is proud of his players after reaching the quarter-finals . the Monaco boss believes he doesn't need to make big investments to achieve european success . les rouges et blancs are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-final for the first time in 11 years .
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the final of the fa cup . a fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici gave the gunners victory . arsene wenger admitted his side were 'a bit lucky' to win .
the boxer has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his Instagram account . the 15-second video was shot and edited by director James 'JP' Dayap, a proud member of mayweather's the money team brand . a few seconds of the video even feature four half-naked girls twerking for his amusement .
vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . his advisors had been in talks with the club since the beginning of this season . Henderson's new deal is worth £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020 .
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to raid former club Chelsea to sign andre Schurrle before the midfielder joined Wolfsburg in January . the spaniard also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo before their January departures to the german outfit . 'looking at the character, this is perhaps the best team i've ever had,' he said .
a stern defensive line has twice helped jose mourinho win the league . of the 189 matches he has overseen, he keeps out opponents in 53.4% of games . he also has the best average of goals conceded per game in premier league history . mancini and ancelotti have impressive defensive records from short spells .
new Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to the bench . argentine di Santo scored the winner in the 84th minute for the visitors . bayer Leverkusen are third on 54 points following their 4-0 demolition of Hanover 96 .
Divock origi joined liverpool after impressing at last summer's world cup . the 19-year-old was loaned back to Lille for this season . he was voted the second most overrated player in a Ligue 1 poll by France Football .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign argentine forward Paulo Dybala . a representative for Palermo, Gustavo Mascardi, is in the spanish capital . porto coach Julen Lopetegui is linked with the real madrid job . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Serie a side Juventus have made a move for palermo striker Paulo Dybala, according to reports in italy . the 21-year-old has also been linked with a return to argentina with the likes of manchester united and arsenal . meanwhile, in spain, real madrid thrashed almeria 4-0 .
manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the premier league table . they are 12 points behind runaway leaders chelsea with five games to play . goalkeeper Joe Hart has been lamenting the club's fall from grace .
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase at Aintree on friday . don cossack took apart a strong field with a 26-length defeat of Cue Card . a dramatic race saw Balder Succes fall at the third fence and Sire de Grugy come down at the sixth .
the 40-year-old taekwondo fighter is currently suspended by the u.s. after failing drug tests . he has a hearing scheduled for may on the doping allegations .
Andy Flower is technical director of elite coaching at the ECB . flower guided sides to three Ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot . he has no wish to get involved at senior level again or become involved in politics .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league on tuesday . doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the club . the 72-year-old has been at the club for almost 40 years . his sons Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned .
'this year is just about coming back,' insists the 29-year-old . she will race the hurdles at the Great City Games in mid-may . a tantalising heptathlon clash against Katarina-Johnson Thompson in Austria at the end of may .
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in the heptathlon in south Korea in 2011 . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban . Chernova's ban is due to expire on June 21 - in time for this year's world championships in Beijing and the 2016 Olympics in Rio .
the city of Eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships . the international association of athletics Federations council bypassed the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity' the 2007 world championships held in . Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding .
psv eindhoven have confirmed united have made enquiries for depay . the 21-year-old winger has also been linked with a move to paris saint-germain . depay has made over 100 appearances for the holland giants this season .
ander Herrera has been hailed as the one player who could take over the mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield . the 25-year-old took part in one of the Manchester united foundation's dream days on monday . Herrera said 'there will never be another Scholes. he was a one off' .
Jessica Carey surprised her grandmother with a portrait of her grandmother . she drove more than three hours to visit her grandmother in washington . as she walked through the door, she revealed she had the tattoo on her forearm . her heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative . the video was captured in February but it has only just emerged online .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday night . the two teams meet with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14 . real boss Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema . ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg . mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach . he also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss the win at deportivo la coruna on saturday .
real madrid take on rivals atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the spanish giants were held to a 0-0 draw in the first leg last week . defender Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates .
slumbering traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest . but he missed a pink dolphin watching tour and piranha fishing expedition . his cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures on reddit .
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close . he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
labour's football-mad Scottish leader scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in Edinburgh . the match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . before the game, David Cameron insisted the Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory .
Adam Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy hodgson as recently as a year ago . he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . the 26-year-old scored seven times in seven games for sunderland last season .
a group of disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club . they claim they are trying to force migration to other parts of the stadium . the club have increased the cost of some season tickets from £870 to £1,700 . a 6,000-seat extension will see capacity rise to around 55,000 .
Aston villa are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds . villa have held talks over the 22-year-old earlier this week . andone has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side .
inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time to reach the final of the scottish cup . defender Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given . but a three-man judicial panel dismissed a charge of deliberate handball .
defender's future came under question after he appeared to hint at a move to arsenal . the 23-year-old's claims that arsenal were interested in his services were catalyst . but saints boss Ronald Koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification .
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of blackpool . supporters up and down the country have raised close to £15,000 in under three days . a fellow blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website ‘go fund me’ .
lazio beat juve 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A . a goal from Carlos Tevez and a 93rd minute strike from Lionel Messi gave Barcelona a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Valencia at the nou camp . in france, l'equipe lead the french coverage after beating Nice 3-1 in the champions league .
aston villa host liverpool in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . the reds striker was impersonated by comedian Darren Farley . farley specialises in mimicking a number of club stars both past and present .
cristiano ronaldo has scored eight times in the champions league this term . lionel messi has eight goals in the competition - one fewer than luiz Adriano . both real madrid and barcelona have reached the semi-finals this week .
manchester united have failed to make the last four of the champions league . last season's disastrous campaign saw them miss out for the first time in 19 years . but six players have made the semi-finals in their former clubs' absence . there will be at least one former representative in the final .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . goalkeeper Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role . he was specifically deployed to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form at stamford bridge .
Zinedine zidane says he likes Eden Hazard more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . the real madrid reserve manager tied Hazard down to a new five-year deal in february . 'i like everything he does on the field. I like his behaviour, his decisiveness and love to see his progress every year,' he said .
inverness defender Josh Meekings has been banned from playing in the final . he was not sent off and no penalty was given in the 3-2 win over Celtic . but he will be allowed to return to the final after being cleared by the fa .
the 40,000-seater ground is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by architecture firm Ramboll and Pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . a mosque, aquatics centre, athletics track, cricket pitch, tennis courts and hockey pitch are being built nearby .
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford . it was the last football match to be played in the uk for four, long years . many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform earned the match its name .
Oscar hopes that winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues . the brazilian midfielder has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons . jose mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal .
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney . the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters . acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' - which means his skin is as fragile as a butterfly's wing . he is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal . one in 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition .
the video, filmed in moon park, odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' preys on unsuspecting passers-by . she waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror .
the actress and her fiance responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser Kristina Karo . the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend, who said she suffered emotional trauma . but within hours Kutcher had posted a video - obtained by TMZ - pointing out some of the holes in Karo's
england midfielder has signed a new five-year £100,000-a-week contract . the 24-year-old could take over the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the los angeles galaxy at the end of the season . he was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint dempsey .
the mother of convicted murderer Aaron Hernandez is opening up about the unlikely bond she developed over the course of her son's trial . 'i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said . the interview comes just days after her son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's murder .
the footage captured at spring garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . the brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks, with one person falling onto the line .
a county has approved a $650,000 settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok . his arrest was recorded by a television news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .
the 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . it took five years to build the five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008 . strip club owner Sam Cecola owns the Admiral Theater strip club in Albany Park, Illinois, and previously owned the Club Paradise strip club .
authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday . they were unloading or loading timber when it fell on them . two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
pep guardiola split his pants during Bayern's 6-1 win over porto . the spaniard joked after the game: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match' the current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind .
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age . 'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama . the little girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!' a flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone .
video shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .
witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left it in the car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach . the initial police report said the animal was a small seal . but a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion, according to the group marine animal rescue .
the 'first of its kind' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance . sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms', it has been revealed . it is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile .
Spartak were sanctioned after their supporters allegedly displayed a racist banner . the club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against sanctions rejected . admission to the club's fan sector for next two away games was restricted to women and children .
nine-year-old girl attacked by lion in siberian village of Namtsy . entertainer crouches down next to animal, surrounded by snow . in another picture she appears to be dragging animal across icy road . circus believed to have left village abruptly after attack .
the truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, china, on Thursday April 16 . pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, and quickly went viral . it's unclear whether or not this is a military tank but footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms .
rodgers insists he is the right man to lead the club next season . the reds lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley last weekend . but they have been putting in the hard yards on the training pitch .
marouane fellaini praised the departing captain in an official club interview . the Belgian ranked him as the best passer he has played against . he also praised toffees skipper Phil Jagielka as the toughest tackler .
Mauricio pochettino left the south coast club for the premier league last summer . the former argentine defender signed a five-year deal at white hart lane . manager Ronald Koeman has praised his predecessor's work at the club .
'if you're a young english boy coming through the system you should want to play for England,' says chairman . 'football plays a big part in english football,' he adds . the england forward has scored 30 goals so far this season .
Kyle Walker injured his foot against burnley earlier this month . the defender has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused . prognosis suggests he will miss four of the club's next four matches .
Andrea Dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting . the 33-year-old was arrested at the relegation-fighting leyton orient store on April 7 . dossena was released after being interviewed by police .
liverpool are interested in borussia dortmund striker Ciro Immobile . the italian has struggled in the Bundesliga following his move from torino . he has scored nine goals in a troubled season for the reds .
the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a new five-year contract . the deal will keep him at anfield until 2020 . he spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County .
carragher backed rodgers to stay at anfield after third straight season without a trophy . former defender received a beacon award for his community work on merseyside . the 37-year-old said: 'i don't think your whole future should be determined by one game'
the 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . the selfie was taken six months ago following a night out in a hotel room . he is the third premier league starlet to be exposed apparently using the legal high this month .
the monkey's owner captured the clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel . in the clip the owner proceeds to apply moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick .
manchester united have been considering a bid for the striker . but psg owner Nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling the 28-year-old . the french champions have not even considered selling him . cavani scored twice against bastia in the french league cup final .
1860 Munich midfielder has a buy-out clause of £2.5million . the 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in german second division . weigl was captain until he was suspended after drinking with team-mates .
the new kits feature an all white strip with hints of black and yellow . the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament . 'not every team pays homage to the flag,' says company's vice president .
footage shows trucker launching foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist . car towing caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide . lorry jackknifes, stopping across the front of the van, blocking slip road . footage was posted on facebook and viewed 2million times in 48 hours .
father-of-two moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire . put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife worked as a company executive . but family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood in the area where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets .
Koeman held a meeting with the players to refocus their minds on qualification . the midfielder called the story 'bulls***' in a separate interview . he later posted on twitter to clarify the situation .
sir alex ferguson's life hasn't slowed down since he stepped down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013 . the 73-year-old has spent his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes . he made a £5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund on friday .
the seeds of the Josh Meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between Hibernian and Dundee in the early weeks of 2013 . Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details . the governing body immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. they altered the rules .
the 52-year-old has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february . but four points from games against aston villa and west brom have revived hopes of survival . west ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer .
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against Inter Milan . the england defender scored a superb free-kick but it wasn't enough to secure a 3-2 win against inverness caledonian thistle . he said: 'even in the stands you could see it. it was a miracle that we didn't get the right decision' .
the 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season . he stepped up from his youth development coaching role when redknapp resigned in february . but he insists he is more than happy to remain in the premier league . the england international hopes to be made permanent at the club .
carver and gutierrez had a bust-up on the training ground last week . the pair were left out of the squad for the defeat by spurs on sunday . but carver says he and Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on .
'(i have to) fight every round like each one is the last round of my life,' says Pacquiao . the Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the $300m mega-fight . he says it is time for the undefeated american to lose and he is the man to inflict defeat .
joint runner-up with Phil Mickelson, rose pushed winner Jordan Speith all the way on the final day at augusta . the englishman is now training on his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor simulator . he posted a photograph on twitter showing his high-tech 'trackman indoor high definition golf simulator'
a small mistake from team-mate Lewis Hamilton gave Nico Rosberg first place . the duo finished 15th and 16th, 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift of Kimi Raikkonen . a lock-up from Hamilton in the second sector of the Bahrain International Circuit left Hamilton in second .
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time at the Bahrain International Circuit . Hamilton and Rosberg were in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet . the track and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade .
trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo . the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 Guineas . a trip to France could mean a re-match with Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar .
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days with a treble at newbury . the italian has been bouncing higher than Tigger this week . dettori's boss Sheik Joaan al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string .
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the grand national at ayr . the 20-time champion will not ride in the scottish national next weekend . a crowd of close to 20,000 is expected at the prestigious race at sandown .
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee . the 26-year-old will be out for at least six weeks, meaning he will miss the world cup . he has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years .
Saracens lost 13-9 to the Clermont in the world cup final on saturday . five english-qualified forwards were in the starting pack . director of rugby mark McCall lauded his young guns after their latest european heartache .
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four clash at Kingsholm . the cherries and whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on may 1 . may was dropped from the England squad following his poor showing against Italy in round two .
alastair cook needs something different in his same-same pace bowling attack . the whole of England’s bowling psyche is about containment, it’s about building pressure, as we saw for much of the first day here in Grenada until west indies started to crack . there are those who feel it could have been provided by Adil Rashid but by all accounts he hasn’t been bowling well enough to warrant selection .
the Durham all-rounder went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test . he ended up in a strident twitter debate with his critics . Stokes struck with his second ball, forcing Shiv Chanderpaul to steer loosely to point .
'i've had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months,' he says . he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form . the 26-year-old says he feels 'everything at the crease is as I want it to be'
mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago . the off-spinner then injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand . he is now free to bowl again after remedial work and a re-test on his action .
Devon Smith was caught behind by Chris Jordan in the third over . replays show the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump . play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers .
the four-time Olympic champion will ride for his eponymous team . he left team sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 . the tour de Yorkshire begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds .
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Boston Celtics 113-100 on sunday . leBron James chipped in with 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series . Isaiah Thomas scored 22 points to lead the seventh-seeded Celtics, who will try to even the best-of-seven series in Game 2 on thursday night .
Graeme dott clinched a 10-8 first-round win over Ricky Walden . the 37-year-old is through to the last 16 of the betfred world championships . he is aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw .
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 1-0 at selhurst park on saturday . james Morrison headed the home side ahead after a corner from Chris Brunt . Craig Gardner doubled the visitors' lead with a long range effort .
leighton baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner . the everton defender regularly attends gigs and plays the guitar . but he has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which don't feature on his own iPod .
Graziano Pelle scored his first premier league goal since December . the striker was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce . 'we need a break like that - not a broken nose,' says boss steve bruce .
Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer . the 20-year-old has one year left on his contract at the club . louis van gaal is also monitoring his team-mate, £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie .
scottish international Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at the Britannia Stadium . mark Hughes believes the striker's hit Delilah is affecting his side's chances of qualifying for the europa league .
sunderland are considering a summer move for argentine Franco di Santo . the 26-year-old is playing for Werder Bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season . former chelsea striker has failed to make an impact at stamford bridge .
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 2-0 in their premier league clash . baggies manager Tony Pulis insists he will never change his style . the 57-year-old will return to the stadium in suit and tie after the game .
former manager has praised Stuart McCall's impact at the club . but he maintains ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding . he was put on gardening leave after three-and-a-half difficult seasons .
andres Iniesta has been unhappy with his form for barcelona this season . the spaniard played a pivotal role in setting up Neymar for the opening goal in the 2-0 second-leg win over psg on Tuesday night . despite his qualms with his own personal contribution, the 30-year-old is content with how the rest of the club are currently performing .
rodgers was convicted of leaving a terrace house in Accrington to rot . but his conviction was overturned because he did not receive a summons . the pair were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and remove rubbish .
'it's up to Jack where he wants to go. it's purely up to him,' says sherwood . the 19-year-old starred for villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over liverpool . he is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of Ireland and England .
per Mertesacker limped off in arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over reading . 6ft 6in german escaped serious ankle ligament damage with minor sprain . defender likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista .
Clayton Donaldson scored a late winner for his side at the madejski stadium . he is the 16th goal of the season for the beaten fa cup semi-finalists . reading lost 2-1 to arsenal after extra-time at wembley on saturday .
Gary Gardner will report to Aston villa for pre-season training . the 22-year-old scored a stunning free-kick against Watford . sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making his decision .
Aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the premier league semi-final at wembley . villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan is set to miss out for the final against arsenal . given will keep his place in the team for the cup final against the gunners . the republic of ireland keeper has impressed in recent weeks .
sherwood wants to make swindon midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings . the 22-year-old was player of the tournament during australia's successful Asian Cup in January . he has decided to play in the barclays premier league next season .
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season . the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07 . there have been 10 sackings in both league one and league two . arsene wenger remains the longest serving manager .
blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's championship match with reading . the signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor . but the club had no spares to give the 27-year-old, midfielder Andrea Orlandi has revealed . relegation from the championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton .
blackpool fans pelted directors' box and main reception area with eggs . a flare, smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area . chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism . blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw with reading .
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at the etihad stadium on saturday evening . pre-match supporters protested against chairman Karl Oyston . they hurled eggs at the directors' boxes windows and launched a flare, smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the west stand .
the 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 . but he has suggested he could play again for a north american side . he admits a return to top level football is past him but would love to play alongside his namesake .
andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 champions league win . the midfielder had to be replaced by Xavi after tangling with javier pastore . barca will be hoping the spaniard is fit for the return leg on thursday .
benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season salvaged a 1-1 draw at home to ipswich . the striker cancelled out a 21st-minute own goal from Richard Stearman . it was the black country side's third successive defeat in the championship .
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures . the data is compiled by football association delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials . delegates rate each team out of seven for their conduct towards officials and their assistants . jose mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions .
senior police officer warns of 'small minority' responsible for thuggish behaviour . 630 football-related incidents recorded so far this season, including a number with a racial element . police believe scale of crime on transport network may be higher than figures show .
sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on friday . he replied to a letter from six-year-old fan Charlie Pye who applied for the role after Paul Lambert was sacked in february . the youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a wrestling figure .
Daniel Sturridge hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against blackburn on monday . the striker missed the 2-0 win over Newcastle united with tightness in his hip . it would appear touch and go as to whether he will be fit enough to make Brendan rodgers' 18-man squad .
raheem sterling opened the scoring in the ninth minute at anfield . the 20-year-old was sent off in the 71st minute for a foul on sissoko . a moment before the hour, sterling actually contributed one of the misses of the season .
Kevin Pietersen was injured in the field during Surrey's match against Oxford . the former england batsman was taken off as a precaution . he did not return after tea and is hoping to win back his test place .
gareth bale has been urged to stay at real madrid by former manager . the 25-year-old has been linked with a return to the premier league . bale missed the champions league quarter-finals against atletico madrid .
Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball in the first minute of Juve's champions league quarter-final second-leg against Monaco . the 30-year-old resorted to desperation tactics, comically clawing the ball out of the way and earning himself a yellow card . despite these bizarre shenanigans, Juve were able to progress to the last four following a 0-0 at the Stade Louis II .
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal, Manchester United or city . the defender says the style of play atletico showed would not impress the three premier league giants . 'the job he had done is unbelievable, I'm not knocking that or his record one bit because I admire him so much,' he said .
former man united and burnley full-back is training with laliga side Elche . the 26-year-old is a free agent after leaving red bull arena last year . he failed to make an impact in the premier league for three years .
Emad Sahabi suffered gruesome ankle injury while playing for his club . the midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing a ball . he tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate .
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win their first title in seven years . the victory puts them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax . bottom side Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem .
bayer leverkusen crush relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference after drew 0-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt on friday . borussia Dortmund ease past visiting Paderborn 3-0 in their first game since the announcement that coach juergen klopp was sacked .
a goalless first half produced the odd burst of quality, but little intensity . the second half provided little more, as both sides struggled to create clear-cut chances . both inter's curva Nord and Milan's Curva Sud showed that this was no ordinary derby .
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored as the home side cruised to victory . the win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe .
defender John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge on Falcao . the challenge sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground at the half-way line . sky pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree the challenge should have been stopped .
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in their premier league clash at wembley . a fumble from reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time gave the gunners the lead . the result sees them reach the final of the fa cup on may 30 .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . goals from nemanja matti and aaron ramsey gave the blues the lead . a goal from Eden Hazard in the 38th minute proved crucial . click here for all the latest premier league news .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in their champions league quarter-final . der Kaiser criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing 'ski boots' . the german legend said: 'it was one of those days, all the players didn't show their real performance'
Newcastle host Swansea in the premier league on saturday . daryl Janmaat likened the match to playing in the world cup semi-final . the 25-year-old defender came off the bench in holland's penalty shootout loss .
protest will take place outside Stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday . the protest is organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar . there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place .
prince Ali bin al Hussein wants to see the world cup rotated between continents . he says he can see a tournament being played in different countries . prince Ali warns against expanding the tournament from 32 teams .
former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early in December . the 24-year-old says the club 'taken the mick' out of him with his contract . he has not featured for the seasiders since the end of the season . ranger wants to start a fresh next season after his one-year deal ends .
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week . he said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the club . the pensioner is being sued by the club's owners over allegations he made on his social network account last year . blackpool became the first football league side to be relegated .
professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours . during the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees . the flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen .
the 37-year-old human rights lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with the world's most eligible bachelor, George Clooney, in Venice, Italy, last September . from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, the stylish lawyer always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right .
the video, titled 'We Will Burn America', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks . it also features footage of several mass beheadings and the burning of a pilot . subtitles claim the u.s. believes it can invade 'the Muslim lands' the video also claims that previous jihadis managed to carry out the attacks with little resources .
the six-man shortlist for the award has been unveiled . Eden Hazard is hot favourite to win the award . Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions to date . the 21-year-old made his debut against Lithuania last month .
the professional footballers' association announce their six-man shortlist for the young player of the year award . the winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26 . last year's winner Eden Harzard has been nominated for the award again .
porto earned a 3-1 first leg victory against german champions Bayern . manuel Neuer scored a spot-kick to give his side a 1-0 lead . but the germany striker conceded a penalty after just three minutes .
west indies finished on 98 for two, still 340 short of replicating antiguan test history . england bowled out for 438 in just over four sessions . captain alastair cook was able to set a target of 438 .
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table gripped the nation by the throat . it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as Duran Duran, yuppies, football hooliganism and Mrs Thatcher handbagging the unions . Davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day .
'i expect a very good reception for him,' says Mauricio Pochettino . sherwood revealed he is still in touch with chairman levy . the former spurs midfielder thanked the club for ending his five-month spell in charge last summer .
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for aston villa at white hart lane . the england right-back is out injured after clashing with burnley's Kieran Tripper last week . defender Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the premier league clash .
Swansea city host everton at the etihad stadium on saturday (12.45pm) . manchester united host manchester city at queens park rangers at 4.30pm . liverpool host aston villa at white hart lane on tuesday (8pm)
sherwood will return to white hart lane with his new team on saturday . he joked: 'just to see who he's going to sell me!' the 46-year-old sacked her last may to bring in Mauricio pochettino .
authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin, of Atkinson, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . the former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed, according to WMUR . Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound .
the body farm, which would be located in Lithia, is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office . five to ten bodies from USF's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center . if the research is approved, the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases .
singer's father, drug lord, was in charge of one of Mexico's biggest cartels . plancarte made millions before he died in a shoot out with the navy last year .
baby mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors recommend corrective surgery . mother Jiang Min says she has run out of cash and can't even afford food . local media have cruelly compared the deformed extremities to 'pigs' trotters'
the disgraced sports reporter has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter . she was filmed attacking a tow clerk for her looks and social status . the 28-year-old was suspended for a week after the video surfaced . online petitions for her to be fired reached 10,000 within a day .
'it was all in my face, on my clothes, in my shoes,' says the 21-year-old . he claims he was attacked by a cashier at a FroYo in delmar, california, after the cashier recognized him from a video of him saying he 'don't like mens no more' 'i had some Kit Kats, I had some Reese's on it,' he said . the cash
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) in 356 days they've been through 16 countries . living on less than three euros each a day, or by their calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre .
tourist Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on his blog . the shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles, so spottings aren't uncommon .
David Rush, 33, from northern ireland, used to weigh 34st at his heaviest . piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit . felt he 'shouldn't go out' because of his size but took up cycling . now weighs a slim 15st 4lbs and has shed 18st 10lb in just one year .
daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas . he took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening .
the video has been viewed almost 600,000 times . it features new parents sharing their top parenting tips . making room for date nights, getting on a schedule and taking time for yourself .
the list was released just hours after Hamilton was pictured on set for the filming of the comedy sequel Zoolander 2 . the formula one world champion remains on pole position with a fortune of £88million . but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year . Wayne Rooney has moved up to second place with wealth of £72m .
rodgers wants to sign a top striker who can 'play every week' . the england international has been plagued by a hip problem . but he is unsure whether he will play for the reds again this season .
louis van gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him when he leaves the club . the 41-year-old made a record 963 appearances for united during his glittering playing career, which stretched to 25 years . he has previously likened the former winger to his own former assistant - now Chelsea manager - Jose Mourinho .
marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes . the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated . england need eight wickets to have any chance of a win in this series .
sunderland midfielder has been charged with three child sex offences . the 27-year-old could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty . but he has not been suspended by his club despite the charges . he will remain available for selection and is set to feature at Stoke .
Manchester united have offered to make goalkeeper David de Gea the world's best-paid keeper on £200,000-a-week to stay at the club . there has been speculation that the 24-year-old will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer . manager louis van gaal admitted he has been offered 'a lot of money' . 'the player is the boss, he can say yes or no. you will have to ask David De
Ilkay Gundogan is the leading contender to replace Michael Carrick . united are eyeing a £20.5million deal for the central midfielder . gundogan has been watched extensively by united and is their primary target .
Wladimir Klitschko faces undefeated Bryant jennings in new york on friday . the 39-year-old will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years . he has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won Olympic gold in 1996 .
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey . the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole at 3.15 . his last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle .
the red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed into the front of the home in Crossgates, Leeds . it hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall . incredibly, no-one was seriously injured in the accident .
men do just two hours of housework a day while working, which doubles to 3.9 hours after they retire . but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden .
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon post office and stores, Durham . he waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty . but he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to floor . as the men wrestled, his wife helped by hitting him twice with a baseball bat . blood can be seen coming from the would-be robber's nose as his wife twisted him around to reveal his face
a home video of six-year-old boy taking his morning pills has gone viral . the footage was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day . 'i've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse .
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the world cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy . headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold, is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters .
Dan Potts opened the scoring for the hosts before an own goal doubled their lead . adam Drury's own goal gave the hosts a two-goal lead before a teasing header from adan potts header gave them a second . but the hosts were unable to overcome a 3-1 deficit at the etihad on friday night .
chelsea host arsenal at the emirates in the premier league on saturday . the gunners lost 3-1 at home to Monaco in the champions league last-16 . jose mourinho insists it is easy to set up a team designed primarily to defend .
arsene wenger pulled out of a deal to sign Eden Hazard in 2012 . the 24-year-old's agent discussed the move in the arsenal manager's house . but the frenchman ruled he could not compete financially with the gunners .
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at real madrid . the 23-year-old joined the spanish giants from malaga in the summer of 2013 . he is the seventh man in the front six at the etihad stadium .
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave the club on a free transfer in the summer . the north london club pay the togolese £100,000-per-week . but the club would still like to receive a fee for the striker .
coquelin has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season . the 23-year-old was drafted back into the squad from a loan spell at Charlton . he has been instrumental in arsenal's run of 21 victories from the last 25 matches . click here for more arsenal news .
a question was asked at the end of a pre-match press conference on friday . 'top question, top question... but because I am always honest in my answers, I cannot answer you,' he said . but he was stumped after insisting there are 'no problems' with wenger .
mark Selby fell victim of the Crucible curse and a rookie Scot with pots of class as Anthony McGill beat the defending champion 13-9 . this is McGill's first world championship and it had already been one to remember before he crossed cues with Selby . no maiden winner of the world championship in Sheffield has returned a year later to retain the trophy .
the draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland . the first leg will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week . real madrid will play real in the other semi-final . pep guardiola will return to the nou camp for the first time since 2012 .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to the club in the champions league semi-finals . the former barcelona boss admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi . he said: 'they are a wonderful team but so are we' .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena . the first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing .
tickets for the pair's face-off on may 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas, went on sale from the MGM property box offices on friday at 3pm . the box office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan Ryan O'Hara tweeting: 'spoke with @MGMGrand phone line was overwhelmed for #MayweatherPacquiao weigh-tickets, it crashed.. #boxing' a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made
Rafa Benitez's Napoli face Dnipro in the Europa League semi-finals . fiorentina will face holders sevilla in the last four . the ties will be played on may 7 and 14 .
Joe Root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in Grenada . he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson . Root threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion .
bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec . bath flanker Sam Burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers . leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and semesa Rokoduguni also scored tries .
Joe Root scored 182 not out in the morning session . it was his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds . but the pitch was arguably better for run-making than on day one . Root admitted the pitch made it too easy to score runs .
Joe Root is the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs . he reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days . alastair cook was 401 days quicker but he did get there in fewer innings .
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave his post at Borussia Dortmund . the announcement alerted a host of clubs across the continent . 'i'm not interested in what the premier league thinks of me,' said Klopp .
Divock origi was signed by liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil . he was loaned back to ligue 1 side Lille for the 2014-15 season . origi said the progress of young players at the club has heightened his excitement at joining the club .
west Ham's on-loan midfielder Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career . song has also played for arsenal as well as representing Cameroon at international level . he believes goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league .
world record holder says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career . 'i spent most of my career crying, didn't I?' she joked . she set the world record in 2003 in a time of 2hr 15min 25sec .
this weekend could see a number of ups and downs in the football league . Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win . Sheffield United and Chesterfield will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if MK Dons lose .
usain boltt says he felt 'let down' by the disgraced sprinter . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities . he is now set to compete against him after returning to the sport . but he said he will no longer be looking forward to competing against him .
the draw for the champions league has pitted pep guardiola's Bayern Munich against his former club Barcelona . the italian champions face holders real madrid in the semi-finals of the competition . a repeat of the porto horror-show could see Bayern dumped out .
the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend . it is his first return to the emirates since leaving the gunners in 2011 . he was the boy who attended his first barca match as a nine-month-old baby . the story of how he came to be their player 10 years later is wonderful .
australia head coach is aware that his pack is being written off for the tournament . he has repeatedly name-checked a certain knight of the realm and columnist of this newspaper, among the voices arguing that the green-and-gold pack will be smashed into submission . the wallabies will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September .
Mauricio pochettino is heading to the etihad for the first time since leaving . the argentine defender led the saints to their best ever premier league points tally . a positive result for the hosts would see them usurp spurs in the standings .
Rotherham fielded farrend rawson after his youth loan expired . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn't handled properly . they have until may 1 to appeal the decision . if they choose to, that could have ramifications .
carver has hit back at recent criticism aimed at his struggling side . he said his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play . the former pundit said he does not listen to those who have never tried management .
the 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea . a solitary Eden Hazard strike in the first half was enough for his side . but he didn't look best pleased as he scowled at his picture being taken .
marouane Fellaini did start the game at Stamford bridge on saturday . but the midfielder was dealt with in midfield by chelsea's Kurt Zouma . jose mourinho feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing . he said a doorman at the club's hotel told him he wasn't playing .
middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford named player of the year at football league awards . the 21-year-old beat daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney to win overall award . midfielder's performances have led to a summer move to spurs .
ex-manchester united striker took to twitter to reveal he went out for dinner . he said he was in 'great company' with his former team-mates on saturday . ex-england assistant manager Giggs saw his side fall to 1-0 defeat .
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of the big boys in the eredivisie . but technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs' .
toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair . he joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team . everton in the Community's disability empowerment programme is all inclusive .
the american boxer adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection . he is expected to get £120million for the fight on may 2 in a blockbuster . the boxer posted a video via his Instagram page showing off the car . click here for more boxing news .
aston villa face liverpool in the semi-finals of the fa cup on tuesday . teenager Jack Grealish took to twitter to thank supporters for messages . the 19-year-old's message read: 'you have to put up with the rain to see the rainbow!' .
Thiago Silva is recovering at home from a thigh injury and will miss the game . the captain was substituted in the defeat by barcelona in midweek . a full diagnosis is yet to be completed by PSG's medical team .
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup world group play-off against Romania this weekend . the 21-year-old refused to shake hands with world no 66 Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference in Montreal .
real madrid beat rivals atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu . javier Hernandez scored the only goal in 180 minutes between the two sides to settle the two-legged derby . the striker is on loan from manchester united and will be adored at the club long after he has gone . atleti were forced to play with 10 men after Arda Turan was sent off in the second half .
arturo Vidal gave the visitors the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg against Monaco . a 0-0 draw in the second leg preserved their place in the champions league semi-finals . the result sees the italians through to the final in Berlin on june 6 .
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for blackburn with a hat-trick in the 78th minute . Jordan Rhodes came on as a substitute to make sure of the win . the result leaves millwall four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham .
boxer has earned more than $400million in his career . mayweather has an expensive collection of cars, private jets and jewellery . he recently referred to two of his three Bugatti's as 'cheap' . one of his car dealers said he has been asked to have car delivered within 12 hours .
tickets for the biggest fight in boxing history have sold out within a minute of going on sale at the mgm grand in Las Vegas on may 2 . one ticket for the mega-fight went for a cool $128,705 (£85,508) on the secondary market after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather Promotions and Pacquiao's promoter . a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans .
Memphis Depay jetted to the uk with his agent for a summit with united . the 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed to his chest . united are leading the hunt for the winger but face opposition from psg and liverpool .
bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 win over porto . dietmar hamann thinks the world cup winner should leave at the end of the season . he also doubts whether injured winger Franck Ribery would fit back into the side when fit .
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the champions league semi-finals . defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other tie . the four teams have combined to win the european cup or Champions League 21 times, with 16 runner-up finishes .
real madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on the striker . the 26-year-old scored the winner against rivals atletico on tuesday . lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the Mexican .
'i would love to play funky house or house,' says the winger . but he has been told by manager louis van gaal he only plays house . 'can you imagine watching him coming out the shower?' says singer-songwriter .
football league revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions . daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead of Troy Deeney . dele alli picked up the football league's young player of the year award .
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of a century . the front three will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals . despite missing the first three months through suspension they have scored 46, 28 and 19 . can they out-do the greatest forward lines in Barcelona's history?
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena . this is the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night . in this fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all times .
fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao was one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century . the second fight of the century was between Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden, new york, in 1971 . woody allen's fight with martin luther king was a defining moment in boxing history .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . the fight will depend on what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena . here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history .
Floyd Mayweather and manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the $300m mega-fight on may 2 . mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights . he switched his ring moniker from Pretty Boy to Money .
queens park rangers host west ham in the premier league on saturday . the foxes travel to the etihad stadium to face aston villa on tuesday night . qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep his side in the relegation zone .
chelsea trained at their base in cobham on friday ahead of their clash with arsenal at the weekend . didier drogba or loic Remy could start up front for the blues . adam lallana is expected to return for his first game back at the emirates .
the panel that cleared inverness defender Josh Meekings to play in the Scottish Cup final did not even consider his handball . a judicial panel tribunal threw out his one-game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity . it has emerged the Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case because match officials had seen the incident .
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the final against Aston villa . villa won the coin toss ahead of the final, which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip . they picked their claret and blue home kit for the wembley showpiece . the match will be shown on both BBC one and BT Sport 1 at 5.30pm .
Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the premier league, £43.3million in 2013/14 . only Leicester and burnley pay less overall . players will have their salaries cut by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated .
the 20-year-old has been abused over his decision to put deal talks on hold . he rejected an offer worth £90,000-per-week at the etihad stadium . but he insists he is immune to criticism over his contract stand-off .
the 22-year-old winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia . he was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year . the french club will listen to offers for the midfielder .
marouane Fellaini returns to goodison park for first time since £27million move . the midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than former club Juan Mata . van gaal has spoken to the Belgian about keeping his cool at old trafford .
a year ago, Bristol Rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920 . darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around . 'i know the lads at Gateshead and I know they will be professional,' he said .
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned Hartlepool fans over a Bob Marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for the final game of the season . the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some fans and urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' .
jose mourinho's side are holding ongoing talks with the ANZ stadium . they are expected to fly out on the tuesday after the premier league season ends . the plan for a post-season tour has been discussed with the board . click here for more transfer news .
Rafa Benitez takes Napoli into the Europa League semi-finals on tuesday . the Serie a side beat Wolfsburg 6-3 on aggregate to reach the final . it is the fourth time the spaniard has reached the last eight in 12 seasons . he guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005 .
Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level . the 16-year-old almost joined united in the January transfer window . Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest .
javier Hernandez scored the winner in the champions league on Wednesday . the 26-year-old is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . he will return to old trafford at the end of the season . west ham have a list of primarily young transfer targets .
in the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and rivals Chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois . a heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the fight .
Leeds beat Warrington Wolves 29-10 at headingley . it was the first time the former england skipper had made 500 appearances . sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the club in 1997 . he was unable to prevent a repeat of the defeat against the eagles in 1998 .
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in new york on saturday . the fight will set up a stadium fight later in the year, says Tyson Fury . fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion .
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with toulon . the 27-year-old is the latest australia international to move abroad . he will link up with former wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau .
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 to share the lead with Boo Weekley . second-round play was suspended on friday because of severe weather . Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round .
wigan secured their first away win of the season against Wakefield . winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick for the warriors . it was their first victory in west Yorkshire for 18 months .
premier league and football league will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze . many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured as the fire engulfed the main stand within minutes . football league supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of .
former chelsea winger Florent malouda picks his #one2eleven stars . he picked petr cech to start in between the sticks for his fantasy xi . the frenchman won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 .
andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 champions league final . a 0-0 draw with AC Milan saw them crowned european champions . now they are back among the elite of the continent after a long journey .
it looks extremely likely that Yaya Toure will leave Manchester city this summer . but his legacy should be a positive one at the etihad stadium . the ivory coast international has struggled to impose himself on the field . he has been a key part of city's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions .
Miranda Devine tweeted: 'did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' the media personality had assumed a gesture Pocock had made after scoring a hat-trick of tries was 'jazz hands' . but the flanker was actually doing sign language for a friend, which Pocock pointed out in reply .
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm on friday . she was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning .
'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George street . 'if you're single, let's grab a drink together,' the poster reads . the woman, known only by her email address as missie smile21, is hoping the generous stranger will get in contact .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough to need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . these range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord .
researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the university of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . results suggest that men have a dimmer view of their colleagues’ ability than women and were therefore more keen on competing to be rewarded for their own work . sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport .
the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter . together, the materials make the Sport edition 30 per cent lighter than the other Apple Watch models .
the mouse called Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies . while clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery .
french free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas . Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge . the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
an analogue promotional watch from apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site . it has a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage . for the same price as the 1997 timepiece, fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the uk and still have some change . but it is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £
unverified video shows rocket drifting onto its target before gust of wind topples it over . a deleted tweet by Musk says the rocket appeared to be suffering from 'stiction in the biprop throttle valve' this means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough .
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against arsenal . the striker has a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team . he scored both goals against arsenal in the 2005 Community Shield . but he has also scored twice against the gunners in the premier league .
the short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy's university of udine's HCI Lab . it is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water .
residents in west Pittston, 115 miles north of Philadelphia, were surprised to learn about the discovery . they believe the rubbish landed on their property was expelled from a plane flying overhead . the faa said it is 'very rare' for anything to fall from an aircraft .
Sweden's passport is among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market . it allows visa-free entry into 174 countries - the same as Finland, Germany, the UK and the us . a new goEuro infographic ranks the world's most powerful passports and takes a look at quirky facts .
in a recent Q&A on the social media site, Mark Zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . 'it will be pretty wild,' he replied to a follower online .
filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming beauty spots in the country . filmed scenes on the island of Ko Samui, in the Gulf of Thailand . the six-minute video has been a hit with viewers on YouTube .
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, canada . he films the surrounding scenery with his camera mounted to his helmet . after exhaling air, he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner . when he makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain, thick snow can be seen burying his skis . while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him
match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the dating scene . the singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in five cities . in each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth pearls of wisdom .
the home nations were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 . this is seen as another example of FA 'arrogance' following the english telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries . the remaining competitors are planning to invite another country from Europe to replace England .
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . the 27-year-old has been used as a substitute in the last three games . he has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the charges .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday night . defender Sergio Ramos was the first man embraced at the end of the game . the spaniard could play in every position on the pitch . but he was pitched into midfield when his team needed him .
Iker Casillas has been at the Bernabeu since breaking into the team in 1996 . the 33-year-old has been linked with a move for manchester united's de Gea . but the spaniard insists he will stay at the club and fight for the no 1 jersey .
Eden Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession . the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on sunday . he will be hoping to beat the likes of Harry Kane and David de Gea to the PFA Players' Player of the Year crown .
600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves . the biggest blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes, with 87% of employers finding it annoying . other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information (wrong contact names and companies)
real housewives of orange county star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end . she said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false' . 'i've always stood by him and i'll always stand by him now and down the road,' she added . the filing comes after he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse 
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on may 2 . each fighter has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight . he averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp .
the injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide . he has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car . also extremely underweight and suffering from a long-standing case of mange .
a 51-year-old mother fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter . she said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home . 'When it's your child, you don't think of that,' she said .
Audrey Nethery, six, from Kentucky, has diamond blackfan anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen . but her condition doesn't stop her from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars' hit uptown Funk in a widely-watched video . the video has already reached 2.8 million views since it was posted on facebook in march .
three-time world champion sir Jackie Stewart interviewed the 30-year-old after the Bahrain grand prix . he said he was disappointed ex-drivers were not being more supportive, as if blind adoration was his birthright . Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie .
toto wolff believes Nico Rosberg was back to his best in Bahrain . the briton is 27 points adrift of team-mate Lewis Hamilton in the title race . he could only finish third behind Kimi Raikkonen and fernando alonso .
the 16-year-old made his official pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort . the son of seven-time world champion michael began karting seven years ago . his father has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 and is a legend .
a 66-year-old man reportedly set an australian flag on fire at a Brisbane landmark on the eve of anzac day . he was arrested and charged with a count of public nuisance . the incident happened at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac Square .
more than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday . one tornado blew through Granbury at 7pm on Saturday night . winds of up to 80mph reported in Hood County and Parker County .
the young fox cub had been stuck in a garden fence for around 40 minutes . a wildlife expert named Simon cowell rescued the fox and set it free . the cub is distressed and spits at the expert's hand before lunging at him with its mouth open .
nine-year-old has emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya by scoring twice . the trick shot was recorded at the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground . his mother Lucy, 32, said: 'he is very good at football, but that was just amazing'
the egg was laid in a hen coop in Capel Iwan, carmarthenshire . it measures just 1.8cm in length and is smaller than a five pence piece . the egg is three millimetres smaller than the current record holder .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between australia and new zealand . the 39-year-old documented his flight over the stunning site on social media . he described the site as 'the single most beautiful place I have ever been' .
three people have been killed in the worst storm in a decade in nsw . the storm has left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos . a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region, where three elderly people were found dead .
world champion Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session . the 30-year-old won the Bahrain grand prix on sunday . former team-mate Jenson Button is training for the marathon with his wife .
ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix . he has been on pole at the last four, and already holds a 27-point cushion . it is no wonder after winning in Bahrain, when Hamilton stepped out of his Mercedes, he immediately stood on top of it and pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of the circuit .
the 19-year-old said he would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability . he also praised Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts . the striker has made 16 appearances for louis van gaal's side this season .
it seems after every single World Cup that someone near to the top of English cricket gets the sack . it is high time we looked at the entire structure of english cricket . the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if England are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again . sacking Paul Downton does not mean some magic wand has been waved .
talkSport pundit aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR in the premier league on tuesday . he was in full fan mode as he celebrated the goals with the home fans . the former villa striker even greeted QPR's Joey Barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him .
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini . his wife Sofia says that he told her he didn't bite the defender . but he admitted the truth 10 days later after television replays suggested otherwise . suarez completed a £75million move from liverpool to the la liga side .
the 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before magistrates on may 20 . he is accused of grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a child . the offences are alleged to have taken place between December 30 last year and February 26 .
Adam Johnson charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity . the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland . he has been bailed to appear before magistrates on may 20 .
Adam Johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child . the 27-year-old answered bail at Peterlee police station on thursday . he will now appear at the magistrates court on may 20 .
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award . the 24-year-old has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances . former manchester united midfielder believes he needs to be more ruthless .
wladimir Klitschko will fight american Bryant jennings in new york on saturday . the 39-year-old has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade . 'as long as I have motivation and health, I'll do it,' said the veteran boxer .
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at new york's msg . a win over jennings will place him within one win of Larry Holmes' 19 defences . but he would still need six more wins to match Louis' record of 25 .
AP McCoy's mount in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown . he is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up . special Tiara and sprinter Sacre will be ridden by Nico de Boinville .
AP McCoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at Sandown . to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview his big farewell . he has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles .
the 35-year-old is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament . he will be hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned champions . last month he posted 'i'm not leaving' alongside an Instagram video of himself singing along with an amused singer .
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Ant and Dec's 'littles' for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme . the show will be aired on saturday at 7pm on iTV . Rooney admits he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street .
prank set up by team-mates ahead of trip to face Marseille in Ligue 1 . defender Zoumana camara had cake dunked all over his face on his birthday . £50million defender is a fringe player at the french champions .
'it's not easy but I have to focus. in the gym and outside the gym,' said Pacquiao . 'i love my little girls. Thank you Lord for my family!' he tweeted . the pair met at the wild card boxing gym in los angeles .
the bantamweight champion stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by London designers House Of CB . she wore a pair of Tania Spinelli heels for the event at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood . the look impressed her mother, a former world judo champion who used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds .
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided Argentina to world cup glory in 1986 . the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-Wasl in 2012 . he started off with shots to the head before turning his attention to the body .
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . the 31-year-old has yet to open talks over a new contract at the etihad stadium . he is free to talk to foreign clubs from January .
the 25-year-old is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013 . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international . former manchester city boss Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing in ivorian ace Yaya Toure .
'to cut the story short have never spoken to Wenger,' he wrote on twitter . the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league . wanyama has reportedly told the sun he is open to a champions league move .
javier Hernandez scored the winner against rivals atletico madrid on tuesday . the striker broke down in tears after scoring in the champions league quarter-final . but real are unlikely to take up an option to make him permanent . they agreed an option with man united last summer that would pay £7.5m .
crystal palace manager Alan Pardew is not interested in a move for goalkeeper Tim Krul . the 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle for the club in January . pardew insists he is happy with current no 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni .
Serie a champions have ruled out a move for manchester united striker Radamel Falcao . the 29-year-old has scored just four goals since joining on loan from Monaco . he is expected to leave old trafford in the summer . but he has failed to make an impact at the etihad stadium .
palermo's Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season . the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs . but reports in italy suggest that Juventus have offered £23million for the striker .
gareth bale is out of real's champions league quarter-final clash with atletico . the world's most expensive player is adamant he wants to stay at the club . rumours of a move to manchester united have been persistent .
de Bruyne's agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client . the 23-year-old has attracted interest from manchester city, Bayern Munich and Ligue 1 giants paris saint-Germain . city are keen to sign the former chelsea midfielder as they look to strengthen their squads .
manchester city midfielder has struggled to hit top form this season . but he has hinted that he is open to 'new challenges' at the etihad . the 31-year-old is wanted by former manager manuel pellegrini . click here for more transfer news .
defender reveals he has dreams of winning the ballon d'or . the 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the defence this season . but he hopes to emulate world cup winner Marcel Desailly .
Manchester united have made an official approach for winger Memphis Depay . the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season . depay was named in van gaal's 23-man world cup squad last year . he was often used from the bench as Holland finished third in brazil .
arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out . the gunners are long-term admirers of the 32-year-old goalkeeper . cech is understood to be keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible . despite the fact cech enters the final year of his contract this summer, Chelsea will demand in excess of £10million for the custodian .
city are preparing bids for sterling, barkley and rodriguez . the club are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level . liverpool winger sterling is valued at £50million . but the forward could buy out the final year of his contract for £1.7m .
west Ham are interested in signing crystal palace midfielder James McArthur . the 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances this season . west Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances .
city are keeping tabs on juve striker alvaro morata . real madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million . city also want to bring in psg midfielder Paul pogba .
hearts captain Danny Wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season . the 23-year-old has a further year left on his current deal at Tynecastle . defender has been linked with a move to the championship side .
the 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his boyhood club . but he insists he is yet to make a decision on his future . he scored a crucial goal for the argentine side against river plate in 2004 .
the 31-year-old's contract with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season . but he has reportedly told the club he wants to return to his former club . 'we must be careful', says club president Daniel Angelici .
manchester united have been considering a bid for the forward . but the striker insists he will stay at the etihad until his contract expires . the uruguayan missed several chances during his side's defeat to barcelona .
georginio wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the premier league . the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions this season . he is happy at PSV but admits he has ambitions to play in a stronger league than the Eredivisie .
the 23-year-old has struggled to make an impact for the blues this season . the brazilian has been criticised by manager jose mourinho in recent weeks . he cost the club £19.35m and they want a substantial profit on him .
the former manchester united and west ham striker has always said he wants to finish his career back at his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina . however, italian paper Corriere della Sera insist that the club will not stand in his way .
Sheffield Wednesday equalled club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday . defender Tom Lees is in line to offer a new deal after impressing since joining . goalkeeper Keiren westwood is among contenders for the club's player of the year award .
the 21-year-old is on loan at middlesbrough for the season . he has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion from the championship . the youngster currently earns £7,500 a week at the club .
winger has returned to parent club after being ruled out for six weeks . the 24-year-old damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw with westham . he has been on loan at the etihad stadium but is expected to be out .
dazzling attacking midfielder has been in talks with the blues this week . the 19-year-old passed a medical on tuesday . he will join fellow brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at stamford bridge .
andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer . the 25-year-old is free to talk to foreign clubs . he has also attracted offers from Newcastle and everton .
arsenal have reservations over their interest in Raheem sterling . the 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at anfield . but the gunners may pull out of the race to sign the winger this summer .
real madrid legend Zinedine Zidane insists that gareth bale will not join the club this summer . the 25-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester united . but the argentine says he would 'improve any squad in the world' .
the premier league champions are open to allowing Samir Nasri to leave . manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following defeat by united . the board refuse to give up on their manager just yet .
Christian Fuchs is out of contract at Schalke this summer . the 29-year-old is keen on a move to the premier league . france international has also had interest from sunderland, hull and chelsea .
Nabil Bentaleb's current deal at white hart lane expires in the summer of 2018 . the midfielder's future has moved up the hierarchy's agenda . clubs from across the europe are monitoring the situation .
helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets . the race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure . he has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year .
a time lapse video, filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45am, shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south . at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . the murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river .
seven-week-old Grace Joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot . a 'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, west Sussex coroner's court heard . her mother Esther put her down for a nap at around 8.30am on April 9 .
dapper Laughs documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne . he joked about how women couldn’t resist him and despite his jibes being branded ‘sexist’ his latest video shows he hasn’t changed tact . in a Snapchat video filmed at doha airport he chatted up two female air stewardesses, saying: ‘ooh we've got some sweethearts there’ .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar . it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn't seen in the video . the video maker, who speaks french, declared it ‘bataille du chamelions’, or battle of the chamélions . he gasps in horror as the defeated cham
a man was shot dead in the queens section of the city as he fled the scene of an alleged crime . officers responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . when he turned around to do so again, officers shot him dead .
blackburn striker has scored 20 goals in the championship this season . the 26-year-old has set his sights on a move away from the club . gestede has put premier league clubs on alert after revealing his desire to be playing in the premier league next campaign .
Celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . manager Ronny Deila insists referees would benefit from public explanation . deila says he still has a positive view of officiating in scotland .
Mauricio pochettino will be given a hostile reception at saints on saturday . the argentine admits he can handle any animosity on his return to the club . he decided to leave the south coast club in may to take up the reins at spurs .
crystal palace host relegation strugglers hull city in the premier league on saturday . pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile . he slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price tag on winger Yannick Bolasie .
the inverness defender was cleared to play in the final against falkirk . a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker leigh Griffiths was thrown out after extra-time . meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and was red-carded .
Lorient climb clear of relegation zone with 5-3 win at home to Marseille . Florian Thauvin and Andre-Pierre Gignac had given visitors 2-0 lead . but ayew and bellugou scored in the second half for the visitors . it was their first win in a poor run of five games .
a point is needed to break the record set last season by Mauricio pochettino . the former saints boss has promised not to leave for a bigger club . he has been a revelation in his first season in english football . but the likes of neymar and cristiano ronaldo are not of interest .
new state-of-the-art stadium due to be completed in time for 2018-19 season . could include a 'slide-out' grass football pitch with an NFL-style synthetic surface housed underneath . extra-large changing rooms to accommodate NFL squad sizes are also being explored by architects .
the 23-year-old is on loan at west ham from arsenal until the end of the season . he has experienced an identical international limbo before . Jenkinson says he should follow his heart when choosing his future . click here for all the latest transfer news .
westham will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time . manager Sam Allardyce says it is the 'best piece of business' in the premier league . the club's cheapest adult season ticket for that campaign will cost £289 .
Mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as a manager at st mary's . the argentine made some shrewd signings at the club . he was the first manager to give Ryan Mason a proper run in the team . click here for all the latest transfer news .
the Dallas Cowboys defensive end has been suspended without pay for 10 games . the suspension follows a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . domestic violence charges against Hardy were abruptly dropped in februre after his accuser could not be found to testify .
the full 2015 season schedule was released on tuesday night . the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season . week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys .
first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player . Hernandez's mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict . the former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges .
'just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way,' says Bennett . 'i can't do the things i was doing to him when we were playing him,' he adds .
the 34-year-old cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers . he was a stalwart of the team's defense during his 12-year career . but he remains a favourite for his work on and off the field . his charity has impacted over a million needy children and their families .
le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season for abusing the league's substance abuse policy . the 23-year-old was stopped in his car last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana . former Steeler leGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession .
the 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right ACL last season . he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight AFC east title and went on to win the super bowl . the running back joins fellow free agent acquisitions Brandon Marshall and Ryan Fitzpatrick at running back .
Aqib Talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault . they were involved in an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on tuesday . he and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in 2011 when he was playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
the 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year . she was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit . Thomas, a former college basketball player, was inspired to become an official in the 1990s .
leSean McCoy was shipped to the Buffalo Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso . 'i don’t think he likes or respects the stars. I’m being honest. i think it’s "Chip Kelly and the Eagles",' he told the philadelphia enquirer .
the Minnesota Vikings running back was placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case . the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15 . he has been linked with the cowboys and the arizona Cardinals .
the 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . starting at high school, she would go on to become the first woman to referee in a Big Ten stadium and a bowl game .
the 22-year-old will fly to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp . the 6ft 5in, 225-pound Obada will be used as a defensive end or tight end . he was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde .
the Jacksonville Jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2016 . a winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the us . it will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the united states .
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the world super-middleweight title . the fight set up a fight with mandatory challenger George Groves . Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014 .
boxing fans are expected to attend the eve-of-fight ritual at the MGM Grand Garden Arena . tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on friday at 8pm . all funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather and Pacquiao - Susan G. Komen and the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health .
Nicola Adams has pulled out of this weekend's english national championships after a burglary at her home in Leeds . two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken . she had been due to fight her rival in the women's 51kg flyweight division on saturday .
unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on may 2 . the bout has been billed as the 'fight of the century' and is worth at least $180million and $120m respectively . but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission . the 185-pound middleweight wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history . 'i am the no 1 contender. i'm the best guy around,' he said .
Lyoto machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket . at the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor . the 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb .
rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . the californian is ready to be the bull to Lyoto Machida's matador when the middleweights collide in new jersey on saturday . he said: 'i've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him'
conor McGregor said he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world . he is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion Jose aldo in July .
uFC women's bantamweight champion wants to 'find a way' to return to the ring . she made her first in-ring appearance with Fast and Furious 7 co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 in front of almost 77,000 people in california . her focus for now is on her upcoming bout against also undefeated Bethe Correia in brazil .
'The Notorious' is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge in Las Vegas . the 26-year-old has unveiled a new tattoo of a tiger's face on his stomach . he claims he has greater motivation to win the title than aldo .
manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds . 'i've never been a decision fighter. I’ve never even been past the second round and so I don’t expect to this time,' he said .
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday . he lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick ended the fight . the 29-year-old admits revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter .
Conor McGregor insists featherweight champion Jose Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does . aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor in Las Vegas on July 11 .
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme . he was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin . the organisation announced earlier this year they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol .
Chad Mendes beats former title rival Ricardo Lamas in the first round . the fight took place in fairfax, virginia, on saturday night . mendes came into the fight on the back of a decision loss against champion Jose Aldo .
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas face off at the Patriot Centre in Fairfax . the fight could determine the next challenger to the featherweight title . mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king . lamas also dropped a decision to aldo when they met in february last year .
the 2010 women's us open winner has called for a women-only Masters tournament at Augusta National . creamer first floated the idea on twitter following the victory of jordan spieth at the masters on April 14 . in the lead up to this week's Swinging Skirts LPGA Classic in northern California, Creamer suggested a female event .
former us open champion returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans . the 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings . he will play alongside two other players who performed well in the Masters .
the 30-year-old has been dating golf's former no 1 since 2013 . she accompanied his children around the Masters at augusta . vonn credits him with helping her recover from a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 world championships .
the 36-year-old showed off a baseball-style trick shot while practicing in china . the ball flew down the fairway, drawing a reaction from his caddie . he finished T-38 at the shenzhen international after a disappointing Masters .
three-time winner Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time . he will compete on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course . five-time Open champion Tom Watson will play his final Open in 2015 .
former US Open champion defeated Kevin Kisner on second play-off hole . furyk claimed a second PGA Tour title at Hilton head . the 44-year-old hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play .
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural shenzhen international . the 19-year-old finished 12 under par to claim his second european tour title . teen Li Hao-tong finished two shots behind the overnight leader .
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the shenzhen international in china . the 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to overtake american Peter Uihlein . double Masters champion Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par .
the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a second-round 62 . but he and fellow competitors were no match for Troy Merritt, who fired a 10-under-par 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links . the american shot to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall .
carly booth took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body . the 22-year-old is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine . she is currently ranked world no 520 .
the 21-year-old struggled in difficult conditions in south Carolina . he finished well off the pace with a three-over-par 74 . after his round, he admitted he had lost track of his career .
the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field . american Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed revealed he would compete in the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth the week before . the tournament will feature five players who have been world no 1 - McIlroy, Donald, Kaymer, Ernie Els and Lee Westwood .
deposed Masters champion was struggling on one over after 13 holes . but three successive birdies got him back under par . defending champion sits four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead . the 22-year-old started playing at the age of 22 some 12 years ago .
'it was a little crazy in new york having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody,' said the 21-year-old . Spieth won the masters on tuesday and moved to no. 2 in the world rankings with the win . he will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at sea pines resort .
Rory McIlroy battled with fellow northern irishman Jamie Dornan at a game of Circular Soccer . the 25-year-old defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown . he is an avid football fan and dreamed of playing for the red Devils as a child .
Navratilova won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player . she and Radwanska announced in December that they would work together . the pair announced the parting in a statement on friday .
top seed was beaten in three sets by angelique Kerber of Germany . three-time champion had a first-round bye and had won previous 13 matches . she will be replaced by Simona Halep of Romania when rankings are updated on Monday .
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to italian Fabio Fognini in the third round . the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay . he will now face Pablo Andujar in the quarter-finals .
Sara Errani beat Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes . it is the second high-profile exit at the Porsche tennis grand prix in as many days . world no 15 will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas .
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the third round of the Barcelona Open . the world no 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court . he is battling back after foot surgery that sidelined him for the second half of last year .
the 2014 U.S. open champion was eliminated in the second round . victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic beat main Cilic 6-4, 6-4 . Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 to reach a third round meeting with top-seeded Kei Nishikori .
fifth seed Ana Ivanovic was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's Caroline Garcia . the world no 29 had already beaten her two previous times this year . other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday .
ordinary tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup tickets . 7,000 tickets will be available for the match against France at the queen's club . the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies .
top seed kei nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 . the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spanish . eight-time champion Rafael Nadal will face fellow spaniard Nicolas Almagro .
'the Wimbledon that I really felt was Andy Murray’s victory because it was very special for him,' says manager . 'for a British player to win Wimbledon after so many years I felt so much emotion. I am not British, but on that day I felt like I was'
the venerable club in baron's court will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19 . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000 . the fixture means a bumper helping of six weeks’ top level grass court tennis in the uk this summer .
serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the play-off on sunday . the american was beaten 3-2 by the italian and relegated to the world group . 'today has been a big eye-opener,' said the world no 1 .
Rafa Nadal faces Novak Djokovic in the french open on saturday . the world no 1 has won 17 matches on the bounce in recent weeks . but the serbian insists he has no worries about his future at Roland garros .
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at the Monte Carlo Open . the world no 1 became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events . he had overpowered eight-time champion Rafael Nadal to reach the final .
'i'm happy with the drivers we have, but this does not mean I am going to sign with Kimi Raikkonen tomorrow,' says Maurizio Arrivabene . the 30-year-old is yet to sign his new contract at the maranello marque . it has been suggested that the f1 driver will replace him for next season .
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an energy recovery system prevented him making it to the start-line . the briton spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded . 'loving the sparks' was among his pearls of wisdom .
azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix in the capital of Baku . human rights watch's 2015 report stated there had been a 'dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record' however, formula one supremo Bernie Ecclestone maintains the country's human rights record will be checked . the 84-year-old has won three of the opening four races this season .
the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after breaking down in qualifying . but despite frantic work from his McLaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in Sakhir, he was forced to watch from the sidelines .
the 35-year-old stopped on track in each of the practice sessions on friday . after just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit, the engine in his car cut out at the first corner due to an electrical failure . in FP2 a sensor issue forced him to pull over . the latest glitch means Button will start the race 20th and last .
Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton . the german has dominated Hamilton this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . 'i know exactly how he is functioning. sometimes he annoys me. some character traits,' says Rosberg .
Lewis Hamilton took pole for the Bahrain grand prix at Sakhir on Saturday . his team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind him . it proved that Ferrari are now in the championship fight, changing the dynamic for Hamilton and particularly Rosberg .
Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay at the maranello marque . the 35-year-old's contract ends at the end of the current formula one season, although there is an option for 2016 provided both parties are in agreement . 'i'm happy about the performance, he just needs to push and he knows that,' he said .
Nico Rosberg is wary of the threat from rivals Ferrari ahead of this weekend's Bahrain grand prix . the german topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs . he finished 0.115secs quicker than team-mate Lewis Hamilton in the second sector .
the 35-year-old's McLaren suffered an electrical fault on friday . it cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain circuit . but his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2 . the best of his 19 laps was almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg .
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move to Ferrari . the 84-year-old has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes . he says that until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay .
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the grand national at Aintree . the jockey fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion . it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury .
the jockey broke eight ribs and cracked six vertebrae in a fall at wexford . despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on thursday to enjoy the sunshine .
2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind is 'on the same sort of level' as Charm Spirit . french trainer Freddy Head likens ride like the wind to the fifth-placed runner last year .
AP McCoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy . the retired rider is a huge arsenal supporter . he has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season .
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday . there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the celebration chase . but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 .
northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on saturday . the saints were dumped out of the champions cup by Exeter . flanker tom wood is desperate for his side to regain their form .
the 20-year-old prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side . he has penned a two-year deal with the club which ties him to the club until 2017 . cosgrove said: 'i'm over the moon to be coming north'
the rugby union has said that Mariano Galarza should have been ineligible . the case will be heard by an independent panel of Jeremy Summers, Bonike Erinle and Robert Horner .
manu Tuilagi has been out of action since picking up a groin injury in October . the 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for his country's pre-world cup preparations . his last appearance in an England shirt was during the three-Test summer tour of new Zealand in 2014 .
toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for the wallabies again . the 32-year-old was left out of the 2011 world cup in new zealand . 'elite' players based abroad will be picked with immediate effect .
Saracens no 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award . the trio were named man-of-the-match following their side's 33-10 demolition of Munster in round five of the tournament .
the 24-year-old can either play at wing or centre . he will join the club on a two-year deal which takes him through to 2017 . his peers include Luke Marshall, Craig Gilroy and paddy Jackson .
rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up . the tournament will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action . 'if it's already like it is now, we'll never have seen anything like it come World Cup time,' says assistant coach .
hooker suffered the sickening injury while playing for Heriot's Racing Club . he was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight . the former hooker took to twitter to show off his battle scars .
players with 60 caps playing overseas will be eligible to continue their careers . other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in australia for the following two seasons . wallabies will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year .
conor o'Shea has ruled out the full back for the rest of the season . brown was knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations test against Italy . the 29-year-old has continued to suffer from headaches .
Leicester have announced a move for super rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald . the 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two titles . he will follow waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road .
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott have scored more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . the pair are the sixth english pair to do so, and the captain is part of three of them . their opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years . Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month’s series in England after breaking a finger .
Joe Root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of second test in Grenada . it was his first overseas century and his sixth on home soil . alastair cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at top . Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root .
marlon Samuels gave a military-style salute as he carried on his duel with Ben Stokes . west indies great Curtly Ambrose said he was just having a bit of fun . the gesture was seen as good 'banter' by geoffrey boycott .
alastair cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century . he again fell short of the magic three figures despite looking as solid and unflustered at the crease as at any time in the two years since his last century in 2001 . but another display of the rare class and maturity that has made Joe Root England’s outstanding batsman . Root's average has now reached a hundred since his return to the team last summer 
Stuart Broad produced his best bowling since knee surgery last year . a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel lifted west indies to 299. Cook and the under pressure Jonathan Trott joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership as an opening pair . when Cook reached 17 of his unbeaten 37 he went past alec Stewart to become the second highest run-scorer in England's Test history .
alastair cook passes 8,463 runs to become second highest test run-scorer . he passed alec Stewart's 8,463 to become england's second-highest . the ashes defeated west indies 299 to reach a total of 74 on the second day .
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring . the batsman faces three months out of action after the operation . he was part of australia's world cup-winning side .
marlon Samuels was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman . the two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and Samuels taunted him . he said: 'the english boys don't learn' and that Stokes is 'battling himself' .
Graeme Swann reveals when alastair cook's form took a turn for the worse . 'it's the greatest piece of reverse psychology i've ever seen,' says former team-mate . Adil Rashid made to wait to make his test debut .
the newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 . the clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center but must now come from behind . game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T center in texas .
Zara Phillips was due to make her debut in the Kentucky three-day event . but high kingdom suffered a cut leg and kicked out of his stables . the horse was then taken to the dressage warm-up area but was withdrawn .
golden state beat new orleans 123-119 in overtime to lead play-off series 3-0 . the win was mirrored by a dramatic win by the bulls against Milwaukee . derrick rose scored 34 points and Jimmy Butler added 24 for the Bulls . rory mcilroy missed a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation .
world no 1 beat James Wade 7-0 in the final match of the night . world champion Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match . Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall .
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship . the 25-year-old led 7-2 from the start but was made to battle . he will now face Marco Fu in the next round .
world record holder said she 'was close to pulling out' of the marathon . but renowned german doctor has made sure she will race on sunday . he has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and usain boltt .
alejandro Valverde claimed victory in Belgium's Fleche Wallonne on Wednesday . the spaniard finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini . former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a bad crash 50km from the end .
five-time world champion beat 32-year-old Craig Steadman 10-3 at the Crucible . he could face a fine of around £250 for playing on without shoes . but tournament officials decided there was no case of dress code breach .
the game will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, south africa . eight-time NBA All-Star Chris Paul will captain Team world, while two-time basketball all-star deng - who was born in south Sudan - will lead out Team Africa. the game follows the 13th edition of Basketball without Borders (BWB) Africa .
all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0 . Washington's 117-106 victory at Toronto owed most to John Wall and Bradley Beal . Cleveland shook off a persistent Boston to win 99-91 at home .
the 29-year-old lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee . she became the first woman to qualify for men's events since 1994 . but 11 days later, Yee claimed a shock win to become the first new world ladies' champion for a decade .
china's Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 . the world no 3 screwed back to get position on the blue instead of the black . he would have pocketed £30,000 for the break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible .
the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series . Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points . Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists for the golden state warriors .
the 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones . the 33-year-old has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him fulfil his potential .
arsene wenger wants 'respect' for former players when cesc Fabregas returns . but a decent chunk of arsenal's supporters feel he doesn't deserve much . one prominent fan called for the removal of a Fabre gas banner from the Ken Friar Bridge . the circumstances behind his summer move from barcelona to chelsea are still clear as mud .
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout . the 28-year-old missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury . he will be hoping to return to action against manchester city on saturday .
sportsmail asks some of the managers what it will take to avoid relegation . qpr manager Chris Ramsey feels his side will stay up if they win three more games . atletico madrid boss tim sherwood believes he has given them confidence .
burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since february 11 . the 23-year-old has been strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract runs out in the summer . ings missed his side's best chance against everton on saturday .
Alan Pardew says he would sell winger Yannick Bolasie for £40m to £60m . the crystal palace manager says all his players are 'undervalued' . but he concedes 'every player has a price' and will build the team around that .
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from the toffees . the 27-year-old scored his first premier league goal since december 28 . everton boss Roberto Martinez admits he doesn't know what the future holds .
former everton chairman and life president Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 . he also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the football association . under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the toffees' only piece of continental silverware .
'when you hear it for the first time you are like 'Oh my God', says the 21-year-old . 'i just responded by scoring goals. I used it as motivation,' he says . the striker is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna kone .
Aaron Lennon has just four games remaining on loan at everton . the winger is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season . manager Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of the loan spell .
sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years . if Danny Ings starts scoring again, sunderland will stay up by the skin of their teeth and the bottom three go down . the three promoted clubs, Leicester, Burnley and QPR, would make an immediate return to the championship . but Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink .
at the start of the season Bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive . but despite a strong start his side have mustered just six . they now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester united .
esteban cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer . the 34-year-old has been in excellent form in the premier league . Leicester are currently 18th in the table .
rodgers insists he is the man to guide the club to success despite a disappointing season . the manager is under pressure following the 2-1 defeat by aston villa . he has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club .
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with the Newcastle job 'disrespectful' . the former england boss insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion . he admitted there had been interest in him from Newcastle at the turn of the year when Alan Pardew left to take over at crystal palace .
interim manager has called for unity at the club following a divisive season . carver says he is not afraid of giving his honest opinion on events . the foxes lost 3-1 at home to spurs in the premier league last weekend .
leroy Fer damaged medial ligaments in his knee against sunderland in february . the 25-year-old midfielder has not played since the 2-0 win at the etihad stadium . qpr have several players returning to fitness, including defender Richard Dunne and defender Yun Suk-young .
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league with 28 points . they face westham, liverpool, manchester city, Newcastle and Leicester . manager Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins from the last five games .
supporters are campaigning to show their support for their former boss . they are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of red and white . the idea is thought to have come from the owner of clothing range Raw Spirit .
Jack Butland voted for team-mate Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year . the 22-year-old goalkeeper is bidding to be the first captain to lift the european under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984 . butland was part of the ill-fated England side that crashed out of the under 21 finals at the group stages two years ago .
the 15-year-old is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad . club brugge and anderlecht have also expressed an interest in the midfielder . he is poised to sign on July 9 when he turns 16 .
asmir Begovic's contract runs out next year with real madrid . the Bosnian goalkeeper is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs, including la liga's real . mark Hughes is keen to keep Begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . manchester city drew 1-1 with west bromwich albion at the etihad . everton beat burnley 3-0 at goodison park . adam lallana scored a late consolation goal for liverpool .
Swansea have revived their interest in blackburn's Rudy gestede . the blackburn striker is rated at £7million by the premier league side . scouts have checked on anderlecht's aleksandar mitrovic and club brugge's Obbi Oulare .
Leicester moved off the bottom of the premier league table for the first time since November . andrej Kramaric's late goal gave the visitors the lead at the King power stadium . defender Leonardo Ulloa was not supposed to be starting for the visitors . but he was sent on for the second time in 15 minutes after a hamstring injury .
the video is entitled 'Harry Kane - PFA Player of the Year?' and has been released ahead of the awards ceremony on Sunday . the young striker is up against the likes of Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez for the top prize .
west bromwich albion host liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday . the baggies are eight points above the relegation zone in the premier league . manager Tony Pulis insists his side can rise to the challenge .
sebastien pocognoli says he's baffled by the decision to drop him from the starting eleven . the 27-year-old admits he has no explanation as to why he doesn't play . defender was an important player under west brom boss alan Irvine .
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on sunday . the 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award . Kane's Tottenham team-mate Christian Eriksen sits second in the rankings .
west ham have announced their new season-ticket structure . the club will move to the 54,000-seater Olympic stadium next season . manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any premier league club .
andre blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods . he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after the theft . the former Celtic defender said it would disrupt his search for a new club . blackman has been told he is 'surplus to requirements' at blackpool .
a 4-0 defeat at parkhead killed off any realistic prospect of a first championship flag in 30 years being flown at Pittodrie . Aberdeen have lost all three previous meetings with Celtic this season . but the 27-year-old striker does not want to see them celebrate on their patch .
former Celtic striker has called for more accountability for officials . he has branded additional official Alan Muir 'idiotic' for not seeing a handball by inverness caley thistle defender Josh Meekings in the Scottish Cup semi-final on sunday . former hoops striker insists the officials should not escape scot free .
Josh Meekings prevented a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths . the defender was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan . Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident .
Virgil van Dijk's 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start . but they were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead . additional assistant Alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings .
a goal was wrongly disallowed for offside during Celtic's 3-2 defeat . defender Josh Meekings stopped a leigh Griffiths header with his hand . but former player has urged his former club to move on from the injustice .
Stuart McCall is compiling a dossier of transfer targets for next season . the interim manager may not be at the club to parade them . but he is already piecing together a list of potential new arrivals .
'it's hard for officials given the pace of the game,' says brown . 'if they were in that position they would have won a Treble in that time, probably two or three,' he says . brown was part of the side which contested an old firm Scottish Cup final .
the board have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox . the billionaire owner of Newcastle united has an 8.92 per cent stake in the club . sports direct loaned the previous regime £5million in January .
ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself at a stable club, says Walter Smith . the former Ibrox legend worked closely with the duo before taking over . he says boardroom turmoil under Craig Whyte, Charles Green and the Mike Ashley-Easdale Brothers axis contributed towards an unmanageable situation .
ally McCoist has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since last month . the 53-year-old was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the club's future . former defender says he will be welcomed back to the club 'with open arms' .
two years after stepping down as chairman of Rangers, the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears . chairman-elect Dave King has yet to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme . but former chairman and manager Walter Smith hopes that the worst is over .
Isco admitted he is unhappy with life at the Bernabeu . the spaniard lost his place in the starting line-up after James Rodriguez's return . 'i am more than hurt, so I'm not very happy,' he said .
aston villa face manchester city at the etihad stadium on saturday . manager Tim Sherwood is confident they can stay up with five games left . sherwood could have striker Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury .
Bacary Sagna left arsenal to join manchester city last summer . the 32-year-old insists he has no regrets about leaving the club . city are fourth in the premier league, with arsenal second .
arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with Jose Mourinho . the arsenal boss insists his woeful record against the portuguese will have no bearing on his side's 4pm kick-off . wenger says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline will be irrelevant .
Mauricio pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy on the Europa League . the argentine has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move if the club fail to qualify for the champions league . he said: 'i think this is a rumour and nothing true' .
pep guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2016-17 season . but former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes he should be replaced by borussia monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre . 'he is certainly a candidate for Bayern when Guardiola eventually quits,' says hitzfeld .
real madrid face barcelona in the champions league on june 6 . the spanish giants have only met twice this season, both times in la Liga . a deciding third bout at the main event would draw global crowds not witnessed before .
pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract with the german champions . the former barcelona boss has been a top target for several european clubs . he has been linked with a move to last season's premier league champions city .
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training . the bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen . he spends up to three minutes in the chamber to aid his recovery .
'boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life,' says Pacquiao . 'when this fight is finished I would like us to sit down quietly to talk,' he says . the Filipino star opened up about his motivation, belief in God and journey to the top in boxing .
boxing legend Floyd Mayweather is two weeks away from the richest-ever fight between the two best boxers on the planet . he broke away from promoter Bob Arum, who is the promoter of the other combatant in the mega-mega-fight of all time . but he takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank .
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit . the boxer was photographed taking the scales for the mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight . both men will weigh-in again seven days before the mega-fight . click here for all the latest boxing news .
personalised speed ball with Floyd mayweather's face painted on it . personalised gift from celebrity lawyer Robert Leslie Shapiro . Pacquiao laughed with trainer Freddie Roach on Monday .
boxer completed a few laps of a swimming pool before doing some underwater resistance training . the video posted to his Instagram also shows the boxer testing his muscles against the resistance of the water . it is less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas for what is being dubbed as the richest fight in boxing history .
'when I watch my dad train, it's inspiring to me,' said Iyanna . 'i think my dad fighting Pacquiao...it's just another fight in my opinion,' she said .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on may 2 . the pair have been training at a gruelling level ahead of their hugely anticipated bout . mayweather released a series of pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head .
Floyd Mayweather posted a picture inside his private jet on his Shots account . the welterweight world champion is putting his two belts on the line when he takes on Philippine star Manny Pacquiao on may 2 . his daughter, Rasheda Ali, revealed that her father respects his boxing abilities but also admires how he handles himself away from the ring .
boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch the fight . the fight will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70) but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by tv providers .
arsenal forward Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up while on international duty with England . club captain Mikel Arteta, full-back Mathieu Debuchy, midfielders Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly on Tuesday . arsenal striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face the gunners on Saturday .
stepehn Ward should be back for burnley after recovering from ankle injury . defender Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training . the clarets have no fresh injury concerns following the international break but Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list .
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season's final . the spanish club will win the competition for retaining the title . Napoli take on ukraine's dnipro in the warsaw final on may 27 .
city have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager's job . but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini . city opted for manuel Pellegrini after holding talks with both the Chilean and Klopp two years ago .
if Rafael Benitez wants to return to english football after leaving Napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic Olympic Stadium in a year's time . west Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture . allardyce had his chance and did not take it .
arsenal legend Nigel Winterburn says the gunners should keep faith with arsene wenger . the frenchman announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . but the 47-year-old has two years left on his current deal .
jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season after seven years . the borussia dortmund boss said he is seeking a new challenge . but the club have now revealed that the 41-year-old will take over in July . tomas Tuchel will replace Klopp on a three-year deal .
athletics federation has suspended agents of marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto and other top stars . AK did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in Kenya for six months .
red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies . the conservatives trail some way behind, while the liberal democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power . at the top table, 18 of the 20 Premier league grounds are held by labour; only Chelsea, who voted tory, fittingly blue, and Burnley, where lib dems hold sway .
six-time Olympic gold medallist is currently in Rio de Janeiro . he will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre event on Sunday . the Jamaican ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in Berlin .
usain bolt visited a gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela . the six-time gold-medal sprinter converted all three shots on the court . he is in brazil to promote an event over the weekend . there are more than 1,000 favelas in the city .
Rotherham were sanctioned for fielding an ineligible player last week . the football league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case 'at the earliest opportunity' a three-man panel is finally set to meet on thursday, with Evans expecting news of his side's fate in the next 24 hours .
kit Symons' side were out-played for large parts against Rotherham . 'the sooner we get the points needed the sooner i'll start sleeping in an evening,' he said . the foxes are losing faith in their manager and need to rebuild .
organisers have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of the game . the supporters' group say they will support anyone who wishes to boycott . but manager garry monk insists players will not be affected by protests .
four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root on the ninth hole . the 39-year-old dropped his club and gave out a painful yell . but he managed to shake off the injury to finish at 5-under-par .
defender Raphael Varane filmed the team's entrance to the Santiago Bernabeu . fans greeted the team coach and banged on the windows in support . 'live from the bus before the match! a huge thank you for your support,' he wrote .
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli . the 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand . he has won the UEFA Cup/Europa League twice with Valencia and Chelsea .
manuel pellegrini must persuade toure to stay at the etihad stadium . the 31-year-old's agent says he wants to talk to city about his future . toure earns more than £1m a month at city .
psg were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona at the nou camp . the defeat was the club's third successive quarter-final exit in the tournament . former sports director Leonardo said the club were ready for tougher competitions in the euro two years ago .
wasps lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester . the 24-year-old has been out since October with a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck . launchbury is close to regaining full fitness with the match pencilled in for his return on may 9 .
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury . the striker came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with everton . he will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke .
the 23-year-old was on the bench against Reading at wembley on saturday . parlour believes that the midfielder's fitness record is one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . 'i think he's the future of the club,' said the club legend .
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers . but one country was missing: china – where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media . of the 10 premier league clubs active on weibo, six – united, city, arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham, feature in the top 20 most followed clubs in the world .
the augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie . it was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to victory and the legacy he craved . he was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open .
arsenal forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions this season . he has been nominated for the PFA player of the year award . Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla as a 'spectacular player'
the champions league semi-final line-up has been confirmed . real madrid, Juventus and barcelona are in the last four . chelsea and manchester city are also in the group e . click here for all the latest from the czech republic .
patrice evra says 'we never really doubted ourselves' after 0-0 draw with Monaco . the former manchester united defender has urged his compatriot not to be tempted . he said: 'you have to respect the opponent but be more aggressive' .
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria . the young lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year . they will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on may 7 .
images of football fans seen tending to wounded released today . they may be able to tell victims' families more about how they died . 96 people died at the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 fans .
the 24-year-old puts pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week . the deal will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020 . he is the latest big name in the squad to commit his future to the club .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's 50 matches this season . the £86million man has scored 25 goals and conceded just one goal . he has missed matches against levante, barcelona, Granada and atletico madrid .
manager Jose Mourinho watched the 22-year-old play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham . the goalkeeper has one more year left on his contract at the club . he is an england under-21 international and could provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois .
Bayern Munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola has revealed that 'only the treble is enough' for his side . the germans have a 3-1 deficit and are in the german cup semi-final .
Thiago Alcantara scored in Bayern's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night . the midfielder has been a problem for united since joining from barcelona . but he is not the kind of player that could thrive in the premier league . there are few players in the world who can pass like the spaniard .
pep guardiola hit his critics for six as bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final second leg . the six goals smashed past the hapless Portuguese pretenders now takes Bayern's goals total for the season to 115 . they still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title, the german cup semi-final against borussia Dortmund on April 28 .
keeper has impressed for louis van gaal's side this season . the spaniard has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid . but Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping him at the club .
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league . they are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill . but they are currently seventh in the table, 10 points clear at the top . Chelsea are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m . bottom-club Burnley's wage bill is just £21.5m including £6m in promotion bonuses, one-tenth the size of United's .
chief executive held talks with Monaco on sunday over striker's future . united would have to pay £43.5m for the striker under the terms of the loan . but Monaco are willing to negotiate after a disappointing season .
the Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer . the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert . united have handed trials to MK dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire .
Manchester united have put forward an opening £21.5million bid for mats Hummels . the germany international has struggled for form for the club this season . united want to bring in real madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain . click here for all the latest transfer news .
Manchester united have begun the search for a long-term replacement . manager louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick's contribution . he has identified borussia dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan as a contender . the 24-year-old has been watched extensively by united .
the australian goalkeeper let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time . it was a cruel blow for Federici, who had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves . but reading boss Steve Clarke has backed the 30-year-old to bounce back against Birmingham in the championship .
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in extra-time . the 30-year-old could only watch on as it trickled over the line . he has issued an apology on twitter to his fans for the gaffe .
arsenal defeated reading 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on saturday . the gunners will face chelsea in the 2015 final at the emirates stadium . a mistake by reading keeper Adam Federici led to the extra-time winner . it is the most impressive debut season from an overseas signing since Gianfranco Zola .
defender David Luiz was at fault for both goals as psg crashed out of the champions league . the £50million former chelsea man was 'lost' in the first-half . 'he doesn't smell danger and the stuff there is literally schoolboy stuff,' says iTV pundit .
top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions . if the champions league winner also wins its national title, then the eighth team is the Dutch champions, pSV Eindhoven . on current standings, arsenal, atletico madrid and porto will drop in status .
Bayern Munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the champions league last four . pep guardiola said winning is a matter of life and death at the german club . the former barcelona boss said he was aware of what he needed to deliver . he arrived at the club after their 2013 treble winning season .
bayern munich defeated porto 6-1 in the first leg of the champions league . pep guardiola was left purring at the first-half performance . the former barcelona boss said he was 'the coach of extraordinary players' .
former footballer is selling a multi-million pound property for the second time this year . speculation he wants to dodge labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election . he has even threatened to leave the country if tax on properties over £2m comes in .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-finals . neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset . barca have a strong chance of matching pep guardiola's treble winning debut season .
deShane Beckford has impressed on trial with westham . the 17-year-old has also been linked with a host of european clubs . west ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289 .
the premier league club are set to move into the Olympic Stadium for the start of 2016-17 season . fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to westham on Tuesday . it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law .
andres iniesta scored his first goal of the night in 2-0 win over psg . the spaniard failed to register an assist or goal in 19 appearances this season . but iniestista capped the night with a mesmeric run and pass for neymar .
Kenny Bayless is widely considered the leading referee in the world . he will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight .
Kenny Bayless will referee the match between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on may 2 . the 64-year-old has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights . he oversaw the former's pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996 . bayless will pocket $25,000 while judges will each receive $20,000 .
the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead . but Matthew Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row before a cool clearance from Hawkins saw him into the second round . the 35-year-old will play either mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second rounds .
graeme dott and john higgins both win at the betfred world championships . the pair are four-time winners of the tournament in glasgow . a win would be 'beyond my wildest dreams' for the 39-year-old .
Ian Poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth at the augusta national . phil mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on day four in an unusual bid to improve his performance . paul mcginley and tiger woods were paired together for the final round .
the tennis star tied the knot with his wife Kim on Saturday afternoon . thousands of fans waited outside the cathedral to greet the couple . the ceremony took place in the 12th century cathedral at around 4.00pm . a small group of their family and close friends attended the service .
there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in the competition . seven have Manchester united connections . Xabi Alonso is on loan at real madrid .
city lost 3-1 at porto in the champions league last week . manager manuel pellegrini has come under fire this term . pep guardiola has been linked with a move to the etihad stadium .
Xabi Alonso could become only second player to win european football's top trophy with three different clubs . the spaniard won the champions league in his first season at liverpool in 2005 . he scored the equaliser in last season's final win over atletico madrid .
westham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . manager Sam Allardyce screamed at fourth official Robert Madley . the 60-year-old was annoyed that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a late challenge from city's £32million defender .
westham lost 2-0 at home to city at the etihad stadium on sunday . manager manuel pellegrini's side have won just one of their last 11 games . defender defender Carl Jenkinson insists his side are not resting on their laurels .
Glenn Roeder is part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday . he and former chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the club to the premier league . the off-field team has been put in place by the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric .
aston villa have won just ten games under new manager tim sherwood . the belgian has scored nine goals in his last seven games for the club . villa have already surpassed the total goals managed under paul Lambert this season .
15-time grand slam champion defeated 6-4, 6-0 by world no 9 Agnieszka Radwanska . it was her first return to singles since 2007 due to injuries in the team . the former world no 1 has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's olympics .
the 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success . he is the subject of offers from liverpool and paris saint-germain . de Boer believes the presence of louis van gaal as manager could give united an advantage .
the relationship between the FA and premier league has deteriorated . both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders . the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million, over treble the 2m rating for the PL game on sky .
louis van gaal's side lost 1-0 at home to manchester united on saturday . the defeat leaves the champions-elect with 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room . despite this, there were signs that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season .
Eden Hazard scored the winner against manchester united on saturday . the Belgian has been in superb form for the blues this season . he is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen at their base . the club had grown concerned about confidential team details being leaked prior to matches . residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training .
Serie a champions are monitoring liverpool wideman Raheem sterling . the italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba . axel witsel and ac milan have also been linked with a move .
Steven Gerrard hoped his 25-year association with the club would end at Wembley . but now the curtain will fall in the premier league at the end of the season . the captain's final game at anfield will come against crystal palace on may 16 .
manager Brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave anfield . captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy . defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer .
amir Khan has been so close to fighting Floyd Mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd . but each time he reaches out, the tantalising illusion fades and slips away like so many fantasies along the Vegas strip . the handsome young prince of british boxing will pay a flying visit to Vegas on may 2 to watch the PacMan and the Money Man dispute the richest fight of all time .
Belfast boxer was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing before opting to fight . paddy Barnes extended his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol . the 23-year-old leapt to No 2 in the wsb bantamweight rankings, claiming the second 56kg Olympic spot on offer thanks to his win .
boxer will wear the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather on may 2 . his shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of £1.5m . the fight is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved .
manuel pellegrini should have given Frank Lampard more game time . defender is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty . marc albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for the foxes .
the burning ambition at Anfield is for them to be Champions League regulars with the potential to win the barclays premier league . but, after a wretched day against Aston villa, they are clearly some way from realising that dream . a huge summer beckons and there is no margin for error . it was smart to change Liverpool’s formation to 3-4-3, sparking an impressive 13-game unbeaten run in the league.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored for the home side . villa will face arsenal in the final on may 30 at the emirates stadium .
David Moyes gave a 16-year-old striker his professional debut at everton . he succeeded sir alex ferguson as united manager in the summer of 2013 . the pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure . but moyes fought hard to retain the striker's services at old trafford .
united lost 1-0 to rivals Chelsea at the etihad stadium on saturday . ace Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's performance despite the loss . van gaal was forced into deploying Rooney in midfield due to injuries .
Eden Hazard scored his 13th premier league goal of the season to open the scoring at the etihad stadium . the striker's low shot squirms past de Gea as defenders Chris Smalling and paddy McNair watch on helplessly .
Eden Hazard has scored 17 goals for the premier league this season . he is now the player you look to when the team hasn't been at its best . but he will need to reach that level to make a champions league final . click here for more premier league news .
jose mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the premier league . they need two wins from their last six matches to claim the title . but captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . ander Herrera went over under challenge of Gary Cahill . but referee Mike Dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . manager jose mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do . 'when mathematically it's done, we celebrate,' he said .
marouane Fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks . goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to combat the midfielder's style of play . the 27-year-old scored in united's 4-2 win against city at old trafford .
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on saturday . the Owls are unbeaten in 10 premier league games this season . a man was sent off in the first half for a foul on callum wilson . but a late penalty from Chris Maguire salvaged a draw .
arsenal beat reading 1-0 at wembley in the premier league on saturday . goals from garath McCleary and mesut ozil gave the gunners the lead . but a deflected volley from adam federici equalised for the visitors . it was reading's first semi-final since 1927 .
a draw means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility . a win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up . the foxes have won six on the bounce this season .
Radamel falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united this season . the striker has also failed to score or have a shot on target in the premier league . he has collected £3,080,000 in wages since joining on a season-long loan .
andres Iniesta made his barca debut during the 2002-03 season . he has praised manager louis van gaal for helping him make his debut . the spaniard said his first team debut was 'the most important day' .
all premier league clubs have agreed to pay living wage from 2016-17 . but manchester united have decided to implement the salary a year early . a group of united and city supporters had planned to demonstrate about the issue at the derby on sunday .
Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of united fans . the 29-year-old is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals . he scored an acrobatic late winner in a 2-1 victory for united in 2011 .
Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt . the club famously beat man united in the UEFA cup 20 years ago . they were competing in the second division in the southern zone . a 'new' amateur club will take part in the third division .
everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . burnley forward Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time . the england international opened the scoring for his side from the spot . it was the first time Barnes had been sent off in the premier league .
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park in the premier league on saturday . the untried Ross Barkley missed from the spot in the 10th minute . leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the league .
everton forward Steven Naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award . the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool . he teamed up with the club to offer unemployed fans the chance to watch the club at Goodison park .
relegation-threatened burnley have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season . the spaniard says his old Wigan side remind him of them . everton face the clarets at goodison park on saturday .
t-shirts commemorating his fight with Floyd mayweather are on sale . fans can buy a shirt commemorating the fight in black or white . the cheapest shirt has an 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Pacquiao . click here for more boxing news .
tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have yet to go on public sale . the two camps and the MGM are locked in a stand-off over allotments . when they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price . 'it's bizarre, normally there's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight,' said an analyst .
sky sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off in the studio ahead of Floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao fight . the pair collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain mock tension between them . sky sports boxing are asking people to film their own head to head to celebrate the two finally fighting .
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston villa . the 24-year-old has ambitions to play in Europe, says manager Tim Sherwood . villa are believed to value the striker at upwards of £25million .
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact and example Steven Gerrard has set . the former england captain is aiming to end his career at anfield . he is set to feature in the semi-final against aston villa on sunday .
Brendan rodgers wants to turn Wembley back into 'Anfield South' . the 42-year-old believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality . he also believes a win over aston villa would pave the way for many more trips to the stadium in the future .
Stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table . mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s hit . 'if someone sings Delilah, you get four points,' he said .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss three games and Dimitri Payet just one . both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french Olympic Committee (CNOSF) Ibrahimovic was banned for four games by the french football league . he was heard swearing as he walked towards the dressing room after last month's defeat to Bordeaux .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on tuesday . a win over fourth-placed Valencia will move them five points clear at the top . real madrid host malaga at the nou camp on saturday evening . click here for all the latest barca news .
Luis Suarez scored twice as barca beat psg 3-1 in the champions league . the double took his tally to 17 goals for barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games . suarez says he nutmegged defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian open . she has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness . the former no 1 shared a picture on social media of her relaxing at country music festival Tortuga .
UEFA's general secretary warns there will be no other choice than to suspend the country's football if new laws are rescinded . the bill could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in european competition . 'football does not allow government interference,' says infantino . three other countries, outside of Europe, are currently facing similar issues .
gareth bale is out of real's champions league quarter-final second leg . the 25-year-old suffered a calf injury against malaga on saturday . bale took to facebook to wish his team good luck against atletico .
Stephan Lichtsteiner played alongside Eden Hazard at Lille before leaving for Chelsea in 2012 . the defender feels he is watching 18-year-old Kingsley coman being sculpted into a special player . he was part of the team that won 1-0 in Turin last week .
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's progress in the champions league shows you don't need to buy big to reach the semi-finals . the former chelsea boss has been forced to nurture young talent after finding his options in the transfer market somewhat restricted . les rouges et blancs are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semifinals of the competition for the first time in 11 years .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . the spanish giants are currently bottom of la liga . jose mourinho's side were knocked out of the last 16 at the hands of Monaco .
manchester united drew 1-1 with Leicester in the premier league on saturday . defenders Jonny Evans and Robin van Persie both limped off in the second half . Harry Panayiotou put his side ahead after 18 minutes after a cross by Anthony Knockaert .
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling on a new contract at the club . the right-back is yet to agree fresh terms at the end of the season . he has attracted interest from several top clubs including manchester united, chelsea and liverpool .
everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin . the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer . club brugge's 19-year-old forward Obbi Oulare scored on sunday .
Gianfranco Zola is one of a number of candidates to replace Mark Warburton . the italian was sacked by relegation-threatened cagliari last month after failing to win a game during his three-month stint in charge . he was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against bolton .
keeper made a calamitous error against USA at the 2010 world cup . he has won 12 caps for the england national team . but allardyce believes he can challenge for the no 1 spot . the west ham manager says green can rival 'joe hart'
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain with permission of his club . the talks represent a threat to the premier league clubs . united have yet to hold detailed talks with the winger . but he is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Thierry Henry hits out at javier Hernandez for celebrating his late winner . the on-loan striker celebrated 'like he had just won the world cup' he says he owes all the credit to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo .
Thierry Henry responded to critics who disagreed with his views on javier Hernandez's celebration . the former arsenal striker posted an 84-minute compilation video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup's passing . he said: 'you have one of the most unselfish players in the game showing the significance of the final ball' .
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at barcelona . the striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the catalan giants . barca take on a 3-1 lead at the nou camp in the second leg on tuesday .
the bolton-born fighter takes on algieri at the barclays center in new york on friday, may 29 . he has slammed his British rival Kell Brook for his recent comments . Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin at London’s 02 Arena on Saturday, may 30 .
Ricky Hatton believes that Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd . the hitman also believes that having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man . but he warns Floyd that if he does beat him, he should 'stay away from our own Amir Khan' .
Kell Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show in London . the welterweight will fight fellow american Frankie gavin on may 30 . it comes just sixty four days after his first defence of his IBF belt against Jo Jo Dan .
the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . but it eventually fell through, leaving the boxing world wondering whether they would ever meet . Freddie Roach believes his man will have the advantage in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on may 2 .
the official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet . the 30-second clip was filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11 to advertise the pay-per-view event . it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on may 2 . he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport . mayweather recalled the heavyweight losing his world titles to Leon Spinks in 1978 .
the plug was pulled on Manny Pacquiao's last conference call . the fight of the century continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune . Floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday . click here for more boxing news .
the 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri in new york on may 29 . he has set his sights on a fight with Pacquiao later this year after stepping into the ring with Floyd mayweather in the long-awaited fight on may 2 .
blackpool chairman has decided to contest five charges for text messages . he labelled a supporter a 'retard' and had until march 30 to reply . the unpopular chairman still faces a ban from football activities .
inverness defender Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand on sunday . he has been retrospectively suspended for one match, the punishment he would have received if sent off . caley thistle boss Ronny deila has called for the defender to be spared a ban .
maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea . the 25-year-old has a get-out clause for £3.2million . Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month .
the premier league champions need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season . they are in danger of losing at least four of those players . manuel pellegrini watched city's academy in their FA Youth Cup final .
Mauricio pochettino insists he will not flood first team squad with academy players . 'we need to be careful with that. because Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are good this season, now we need to put all academy players in the team?,' he said . spurs goalkeeper hugo Lloris has been linked with a move away .
Gary Johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 . he wrote 'i promise to do all i can to keep Cheltenham in the league' on an A3 sheet of paper . his players signed it, some signed it and didn't mean it, he said .
a professional Oxford side eased past Tranmere 3-0 on saturday . the defeat was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing . relegation battle between barnet and Bristol Rovers will go down to last game .
manager Micky Adams has left Tranmere by mutual consent . fans called for him to leave after 3-0 defeat by Oxford on sunday . the club confirm the news on their official website . assistant manager Alan Rogers and academy manager Shaun Garnett will take temporary charge of first-team affairs .
Burton Albion beat morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to league one . the win moves them within two points of third-placed Wycombe . defenders mark Ellis and mark shearer scored for shrewsbury .
the footballers' union will pay tribute to the duo's outstanding contribution to english football . the pair will leave the premier league at the end of the season . both have now retired from international football after winning 220 caps for their country .
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at the end of the season . the spaniard has yet to agree a contract extension with the club . it has been rumoured he could replace manuel Pellegrini at the helm .
Rafael Benitez has been linked with a managerial job at Serie A side Sampdoria . the spaniard has been criticised for his waistline ahead of the game . it emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace Benitz .
javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid through . the striker has scored three goals in just seven games this season . he scored the winner in the champions league semi-final on tuesday .
Aaron Cresswell has been a consistent performer for the Hammers . the 25-year-old has made 32 premier league appearances this season . but allardyce claims no club has made an offer for the defender . he believes he would be better off staying to continue his development .
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh . the 26-year-old moved to premiership rugby from Bradford at the end of last season . he will be available for the home game against dewsbury .
a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors . the 29-year-old prop was handed a two-year ban by the rugby football league's anti-doping agency .
three cars were broken into and damaged during match against Hull KR . the championship club are appealing for witnesses to the incident . 'we are now doing all we can to ensure the Richard Dunn Sports Centre car park remains an ideal, safe place for supporters to park their cars in on game days,' says stadium manager .
toulon defeated leinster 3-0 in extra-time at Stade Velodrome . winger Bryan Habana scored a decisive try for the hosts . it is an all-french repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup final in Dublin .
assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of retirement at the age of 38 . the 38-year-old has stepped up his training ahead of the game against Castleford . he would become the oldest player currently in the super league .
the tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985 . a man dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire . there isn't a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy .
the fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265 . a book written by a fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club’s then chairman . in his book, Fifty-Six, published on Thursday, . Fletcher believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to ‘live the myth’ .
a new book claims the fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman . popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish . he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson .
the fire at Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265 on may 11, 1985 . it was one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995 . former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster .
a rematch between Paul Smith and andre Ward is set to take place on june 20 . the fight will be staged in Oakland, california, and will run over the 12-round distance . a formal announcement of the fight is expected imminently .
former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara . the 37-year-old has expressed a desire to finish a glittering career with a lucrative bout in the fight capital of the world . he has not fought since knocking out George Groves in a re-match at wembley last may .
Manchester city have big plans to revamp the team in the summer . but what if they come fifth? for a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy . future opponents Swansea City and Southampton have little to play for .
manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad stadium is under scrutiny . the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected amongst city players . city's first-choice managerial option remains current boss pep guardiola .
victim, John Lahiff, has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns base hospital . he believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course . the 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partly his fault .
study of 150 students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours . women preferred facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare their looks with peers similar to them .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle . the 25-year-old was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday . tributes have poured in for the young man, who had been living in his hometown in the new england region of sydney
the eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide . it is thought to have happened at around 1pm on April 1 in the Kemerovo Region of Russia . in the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down a bank at the side of a road, crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages .
Julie Stauch, married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid . they are part of a diverse group of people chosen to show aspirational citizens as she looks to speak to wide demographic of voters . but far from being 'everyday americans', as the video claims, they are directly involved with the democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson .
an Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour . called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate . cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients . the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
a video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure . the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade . it also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg)
dermatologist Dr Sandra Lee, from Upland, California, shares clips of her patients' extractions on her popular YouTube channel . the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers and a loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 . video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube .
bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in 2012 . she was seen wiping away tears in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video . now, one of the students involved has been accused of bullying a special-needs student at Greece Athena high school in upstate new york . 'they didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal. I don’t think they ever will,' she said .
the executions of convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran is 'only a matter of time' the pair are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded . the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals . president widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals,
the 40-second-clip was recorded at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania . the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one lunges at him and another jumps into the back of the truck . before long the monkey re-emerges and carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth .
canine hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers . pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online prompting more owners to seek out the custom salon .
the arsenal midfielder was given the honour to interview the three-time world cup winner . the pair met during the launch party of 10Ten Talent . both Wilshere and Pele are clients of 10ten talent . click here for all the latest football news .
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to songs from Michael Jackson’s 'Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough' the royal mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California by video maker Scott Kaiser . he filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water . bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak .
the ancient town of Balestrino is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment . a number of historical earthquakes, including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, caused severe damage to the settlement’s infrastructure .
the museum will be dedicated exclusively to the director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona . the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts centre, La Llotja, following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building . it is thought a competition will decide which project is set in the 17th century building - which is currently unoccupied .
the Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today . it allows tourists to view the snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . the route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors a year .
cracking is caused by rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together .
the three-and-a-half minute video was created by two lads from Cambridge . they stayed at a family-run hotel in the island of Cyprus for a friend's wedding . the hotel was filled with dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare enter .
a 328ft footbridge will open up the island from the coast of Tenby, pembrokeshire, for the first time . currently, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day . the new visitor site will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory .
footage was shot at domodedovo airport in Russia, and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies . while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor, the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze .
the cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview . all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped .
dog completed press-ups with a twist at the dogaroo centre in hong kong . the dog looked up at the trainer in excitement and waits for him to say 'one' . after a count of four the dog leans out and gives the trainer a kiss .
plane carrying ex-england captain forced to make emergency landing in the Arctic . poor visibility struck between svalbard and ice camp barneo on saturday . plane's undercarriage was damaged due to the bumpy landing . organisers say the team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter . it is hoped the 100km trek will raise £250,000 for charity .
a lion gets its head stuck in a feeding barrel at zoo in the Netherlands . the animal reaches into the barrel too far and tries to flick it from its head . visitors can be heard laughing hysterically as the animal runs around . lion was eventually freed from the barrel and was unharmed .
comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl', who travels to 'Sweden' to compete in Xtreme Verbier . scenes show him smoking marijuana on a gondola and jumping queues . some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour amusing .
three friends were on an aluminium rowboat when they were confronted by a pod of killer whales off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington . the group cheer and yell in excitement as the whales appear to be moving closer to the boat .
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in 2011 . the 27-year-old said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal during a speech on tuesday . she also revealed she ran her first marathon since the fire and clocked a faster time than before .
carrick has made nine competitive starts for the england team . he played against Ecuador at the 2006 world cup but was dropped for the quarter-final against Portugal . carrick was also part of unconvincing performances in Poland and Montenegro . but he has been an important influence on manchester united this season .
the FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the home nations international under 16 tournament . it is understood this surprise move has been prompted by Sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format .
the ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency . the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates . front-runners are former captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and alec Stewart . it is not expected that the new appointment will have to go to every game .
the premier league has turned down a bid from Guinness to replace barclays as the title sponsor . the league's mega-rich clubs want as much as £60m a year from a mega title backer . but the FA have failed to find an 'in association' FA Cup partner .
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket . the batsman fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in antigua . it is understood that Trott is having regular Skype sessions with the psychiatrist .
the ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton . instead the Board are going to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International . the main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed .
the former Surrey left-hander revealed he signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago . he now wants to find out more about their policies, which are due to be published this week . other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are sir Ian Botham and geoffrey boycott . both deny any association .
fast bowler launched his autobiography on the eve of the west indies-england series . he accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to launch his five-year deal . the deal ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence .
departing ECB chairman made a fool of himself during the launch . he confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and sportsmail's Lawrence Booth . the incident happened at the Lord’s Pavilion long room dinner .
Marina Granovskaia sold defender David Luiz for a remarkable £50million last summer . she allegedly told captain John Terry to ‘take it or f****** leave it’ over a contract extension that he signed . abramovich has never spoken in public since buying the club .
the trend at arsenal has coincided with the agency business being thrown into turmoil by FIFA passing the buck to national associations to officiate on agents from April 1 . arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents after FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle men .
football league board member Jim Rodwell's departure from notts county to become chief executive of Scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a League One representative . there are two nominations for the vacant seat — Rodwell and former Manchester united director Maurice Watkins, now chairman of Barnsley . clubs believe that having Watkin on the football League board would be helpful for QPR and a massive conflict of interests .
Sky will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 . overlord barney francis presented his way forward - 'Fit for the Future' . the station will concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming .
'i cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' says chelsea boss . jose mourinho has promised Ruben Loftus-Cheek his chance next season . 'he will be a first-team player, absolutely ready to play and compete,' he says .
arsene wenger's side have won 15 out of 17 games since new year's day . the gunners are 13 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league . but the pressure is off and wenger crumbles, and his players lose their bottle .
louis van gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players . united have stumbled into the top four this season . carrick and rooney have football intelligence in abundance . jack wilshere and adam lallana are among the brightest .
Raheem sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice . he told him to turn down the contract offer and focus on football . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal, admitting he was 'flattered' .
carrick signed for £18million from manchester united in 2006 . he has played in 377 matches for the club in his nine seasons . carrick has only ever played in one game at the world cup . the Scot has lifted the premier league trophy on five occasions .
the international football board gathered in Belfast in february supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving goal-line systems . despite initially shrugging off calls for the adoption of goal line technology to be approved, FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil .
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league . the left back said: 'now the Treble is finished. we must try our best to win the league now' . he added that 'to not have a Scottish Cup final to look forward to is so hard'
Celtic were outraged by referee's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings to deny leigh Griffith's goal-bound shot during the first-half . caley thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied Rory Delia's men the chance to secure a domestic Treble this season .
inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the final after picking up his second booking of the competition . the 30-year-old missed last year's league cup final for the same reason . but the central defender has called for a change to the 'ridiculous' rule .
alastair cook needs runs and wins in last two Tests to stop mood for change in english cricket claiming him as its next victim . but captain Peter Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things around in Grenada .
captain alastair cook's side drew with the west indies in the first test . the tourists were chasing a first away win since beating india in 2012 . but they were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . a name-making century from all-rounder Jason Holder earned them a draw .
Jimmy Anderson took his maiden Test century at no 8 to earn his side a deserved draw . he has now overtaken sir Ian Botham as the most prolific bowler in england's Test history . the west indies captain edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip .
'the bigger the stage the better he plays, the more he relishes it,' says sherwood . the 19-year-old academy graduate won two free-kicks for his team . he wears children's shinpads and has his socks rolled down .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . villa captain Fabian Delph scored the winner in the 54th minute . he set up Christian Benteke's equaliser after Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring .
rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities . sterling was exposed for inhaling legal high nitrous oxide on monday . he was then pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Ibe .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley in the premier league on sunday . mario balotelli had the ball in the net but was unfairly flagged for offside . the striker also criticised the decision, posting a screen-grab of the incident .
Neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 at the parc des princes . a second-half double from Luis Suarez sealed victory for the la liga leaders . sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on saturday . midfielder was substituted by manager jose mourinho at the end of last season . but he is now performing at the peak of his powers in the premier league . in his last five games, he has performed better than ever before .
english clubs have not reached the last eight of the european competition . germany and germany will begin next season with a higher ranking . if italian clubs fail to reach finals, they will overtake them in third place . the premier league could end next season out of the elite .
Chelsea host resurgent manchester united in the premier league on sunday . louis van gaal's side have won four on the spin in which angel di Maria has not started . a win is easily the most likely outcome at the etihad stadium .
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke on April 4 . he was expected to be out for a month but is now recovering well . the striker could return for next weekend's premier league clash with arsenal .
'their squad is amazing, in numbers, players, experience, solutions,' insists manager . 'you want me to name their players? Mata, Di Maria, Januzaj, Rooney, van Persie, Carrick, Blind, Fellaini... of course they don't have . Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and daley blind are all out .
defenders daley blind and carrick ruled out of the clash with Chelsea . centre-backs Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo also out . van gaal says it is the 'worst scenario' for the united captain . 'we have four injuries who played the last match so that's not so good for us' .
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to step down as boss of Borussia Dortmund . the 47-year-old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely . an emotional Klopp said he believed the club needed a change of manager . he denied he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion following a difficult season .
the likes of James Milner are on the brink of leaving the club . the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league . city are desperate to add to their homegrown quota . click here for all the latest transfer news .
crystal palace right back Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal . the 25-year-old has been a mainstay at both left and right back this season . he has played every minute of the club's premier league campaign .
psg host barcelona in the quarter-finals of the champions league . edinson cavani has scored just once for the catalan giants . the uruguayan is known as the 'el matador' and has a towering reputation .
a fan accused Rosberg of 'crying' after he complained about his team-mate . the race winner was a few seconds behind Hamilton when he slowed . but he did push on and try to pass him rather than ask his pit wall engineers to tell Hamilton to speed up so he could move away from Vettel . 'i did try to attack Lewis in the first stint, and it just didn't work,' he said .
the german is expected to turn 'nasty' at some stage after accusing him and team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******' . the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres . he effectively accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese grand prix to extend his championship lead . but Nico Rosberg was furious with his team-mate, accusing him of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel . the two drivers emerged from their final pit-stop first and second with Vettel third .
red bull's dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of the formula one season unless the french manufacturer raised their game . red bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of the team this season .
Vincent Kompany says his mum halted a move to manchester united when he was just 17-years-old . the belgian international broke into anderlecht's first team at a young age . but he says 'everything has played out perfectly' after he signed for the club .
manuel pellegrini's side are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . players like Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if they fail to reach the group stages of the competition . the top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league with the fourth-place team required to win a qualifying round to join them .
the masked raider wriggled clear of security in the 88th minute and made his way into the penalty area undetected . it was the second heist in a week, with the imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of QPR's stunned supporters . 'you snooze, you lose,' said manager jose mourinho .
Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for Chelsea against QPR on sunday . the spaniard broke his nose last week and wore a protective mask . he travelled to Milan on Tuesday with medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted .
toby alderweireld has been in superb form for the saints this season . the 26-year-old joined on loan from atletico madrid last summer . he has attracted interest from the likes of manchester city and chelsea . but the deal could be made permanent for just £6.8million .
13 out of 22 players on show at kick-off were english . of those 10 were mancunian . 'mini-derby' kicked off at 3pm on saturday .
richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the BBC . he took 248 wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice . the great commentator, who had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since November, died last night aged 84 .
former australia captain richie Benaud died on tuesday at the age of 84 . he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . his family have been offered a state funeral by australian prime minister .
richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career . he was on hand to talk viewers through Shane Warne's first test delivery in the 1993 ashes .
richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . he won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin (at a very good average of 27) and scoring 2,201 runs at 24 .
former australia captain and broadcaster richie Benaud died aged 84 . he was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests . one of his most famous commentaries was on the 'ball of the century' - Warne's first delivery in ashes cricket which dismissed Mike Gatting .
the governing body's new regime move closer to replacing downton . the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite for the new role . he spoke to new ECB chief executive for an hour on tuesday .
the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after the humiliating ashes whitewash defeat last year . he has given up a lucrative deal with ipl side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey . the south african-born batsman is hoping to add to his 104 test caps and much-storied international career .
all-rounder will join Lancashire after his Indian Premier League commitments . he will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will play in the red rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the squad .
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Maxime Machenaud . the Namibia flanker will be available to face Clermont Auvergne . he will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with rivals Leicester .
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' european champions cup semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18 . the fly-half has been out since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in the Champions Cup in January . Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with bath's George Ford filling the number 10 shirt .
Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership's player of the month . the 22-year-old scored two tries for wasps in their 2-0 win over Saracens . he looks set to be called into the world cup training squad .
at just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday . that came after he scored within seconds of his debut against Lithuania on march 27 . the 30-goal striker made a first international start in Italy on Tuesday .
Newcastle set another record as losers of the last five derbies . head coach said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve . but we do know it didn't work .
sunderland winger is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . the 27-year-old is due to appear at Peterlee magistrates' court on may 20 . he has represented his country 12 times in the premier league .
the blue-eyed, australian doctor has been identified as Tareq Kamleh . he is believed to be in his late 20's and completed his medical degree at Adelaide university . the 'clean cut' doctor was well known in his social circle as a 'womaniser' who didn't shy away from drinking alcohol .
Xherdan Shaqiri joined inter from Bayern Munich in the January transfer window . the 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches . but manager Roberto Mancini insists the reports are 'completely made up' .
the champions league and Europa league draws have dominated the headlines on the continent . in italy, the semi-final between real madrid and Juventus has been likened to a pair of films . la Gazetta dello Sport have mapped out how the tie can be won and pin hopes on former manchester city striker Carlos Tevez .
it is one year since the death of former barcelona coach Tito Vilanova . the 45-year-old died aged 45 after a long battle with parotid gland cancer . he was part of a golden spell for the club including three laliga titles .
a Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport today . the plane's right engine caught fire after earlier aborting a first attempt . a spokesperson for the airline said the plane slid off the runway after its declaration of emergency .
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India . her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . the 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity . she is a brand ambassador for several local oil products .
boy was trapped for more than half an hour down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough . it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position . firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy .
gareth Barry has advised his everton team-mate Ross Barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career . the 21-year-old spent four seasons at the Etihad before arriving on merseyside . veteran midfielder believes it is still too early for the youngster to decide on his future .
five-time world snooker champion admits he would 'love' to be presenter of the show . he beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round and will play Matthew Stevens . the scot is looking for his sixth world title this year at the Crucible .
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year . but former right-back says he is not as ruthless as the rest of the players . 'he needs to become a killer, somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him,' says Gary Neville .
winger believes the club will be challenging for the title next season . united currently sit third in the premier league - 11 points behind leaders chelsea . the 29-year-old has played a prominent role in van gaal's starting line-up .
prime minister made embarrassing gaffe during speech on ethnic minorities . he said he was a west Ham fan, despite previously saying he followed aston villa . the conservative leader has since apologised, blaming 'brain fade' .
the spanish striker failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury . he is not in a condition to play for the blues at the Emirates stadium . the 17-year-old striker will deputise on the bench for the clash .
the 'Ghetto Burger' is a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili . Price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself .
the 19-year-old has taken time out from national duty seven months ago . he has met with ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month . Grealish could end up playing for Republic of Ireland against England in June . but he could still switch allegiance to line up for the three lions afterwards .
women's tennis stars attend opening ceremony of the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis event in Stuttgart . defending champion Maria Sharapova is joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and angelique Kerber . world no 1 serena Williams admits she is not ready for the clay court season .
soccer legends Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty on monday night . the pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta . defending was at a premium as the match at the Geoffroy-Guichard Stadium reached double figures .
arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game . chelsea were lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar . but hector bellerin produced a good stop to deny Ramires . per Mertesacker - Patched up after suffering an ankle injury .
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru . the 21-year-old was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy . she is representing canada in a Fed Cup match at the weekend .
united players met sick supporters on behalf of the Manchester United Foundation . the trio met the sick children and adults at their training complex . they also signed memorabilia for the visitors from the Manchester united foundation .
standard Chartered signed up as the club's main sponsor in July 2010 . it is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts . the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . both men made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend . mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating Doralie Medina since last year .
west ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford . the club will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the premier league in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium . co-chairmen will use enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans .
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy . he is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June . the next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10 .
the 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in the semi-final . he wears his socks around his ankles but has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations . the defender is a big fan of the manchester united legend .
video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carrying out rifle routine . the group, called Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen, began to emerge late last year . it is believed their aim is to take over al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . last month, the group claimed responsibility for suicide bomb attacks .
model designed swimwear line in collaboration with swimsuits for all . made from 100 per cent recycled material . sizes range from 10 through to 24 .
basketballer abby bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala in 2013 . the 24-year-old has looked after her niece since she was two days old . now 20 months old she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams, and will go with her to the us this may .
daley blind was given a large self-portrait by his parents as a late birthday present . the 25-year-old posted a picture of the painting on his instagram account . blind has been a key figure for the red devils this season .
former two-weight world champion was stopped at Dubai airport . he was accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a new property . the 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities .
six players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year . Eden Hazard, nemanja matic, Philippe Coutinho and alexis sanchez were in midfield . chelsea are on the brink of a first title since 2010 . manchester united goalkeeper David de Gea has made 33 appearances .
on-loan striker scored twice in 4-2 win over Celta Vigo on sunday . he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes - two minutes short of Lionel Messi . ancelotti says he is focusing on enjoying the moment and not where he will be playing next season .
live streaming apps such as periscope and Meerkat allow users to broadcast live video to their social media followers . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone . in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 - $99.99 (£66) to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the fight for £19.99 .
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick to give his side the lead in the first-half . however, it wasn't enough to stop his side sinking to a 2-1 defeat . it was the first time Torino had beaten Juve in the derby for 20 years .
five-time world champion was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel . he approached him as he walked to the table when he missed a red . but he was also warned about his behaviour towards the end of the afternoon session .
arsenal are third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city . the gunners face hull city at the emirates on wednesday night . cesc Fabregas was substituted in the dying moments of the game .
five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match . but he still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman at the Crucible . the 39-year-old could now face a fine after breaching snooker's dress code .
a host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate the day . recently called-up Spurs striker Harry Kane posted a picture to Instagram . former national team captain Rio Ferdinand also posted pictures of his time in the white of the country .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday . goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned the red devils to their third successive premier league defeat . manager louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire .
united lost 3-0 at home to everton in the premier league on saturday . manager louis van gaal said his players could not match their motivation . defender Chris Smalling admitted that united were second best from the first minute to the last .
real madrid beat rivals atletico 2-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday . a venomous free-kick from a Cristiano Ronaldo effort struck a young supporter . the youngster was overcome with emotion as he lifted off his training shirt .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . jose mourinho has hit out at the club, branding their 11-year wait for the title as 'boring' . the portuguese says arsenal are 'waiting, waiting, waiting for so many years without a premier league title. that's very boring'
injured trio Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben watched on from the sidelines as the german giants bid to reach the champions league semi-finals . the absence of the four appeared to make no difference as Bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory .
louis van gaal says that Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton at goodison park on sunday . the england international was replaced by Robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash . it was too early to know the severity of the injury .
argentine journalist Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July . pep guardiola wore the top - which read '#JusticiaParaTopo' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped porto out of the champions league . UEFA say Guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’ .
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for the club this season . the 21-year-old has also been shortlisted for the PFA Young Player of the Year award . he arrived at the awards on sunday with childhood sweetheart Katie Goodland .
Oscar collided with onrushing David Ospina in the 16th minute . the midfielder was sent to hospital at half time for checks . it looked as if the arsenal goalkeeper had given away a penalty . but referee Michael Oliver waved away Chelsea's protestation .
the toon number eight halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge . he then shoved his head into the ground, earning him a red card . referee Tim Wigglesworth showed Hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red .
the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president Mauricio Sulaiman . current light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show . boxing fans voted for the traditional green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight on may 2 .
angelique Kerber came from a set down to beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 . the german claimed her second title of the season in the Stuttgart grand prix . 'i am completely done here empty. I gave everything I had and the crowd just carried me,' she said .
Claude Callegari insists that the flag should be taken down at the Emirates . the former arsenal midfielder kissed the badge when they lifted the cup . he is set to start against his former club at the emirates on sunday .
arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford . the sports stars took part in a cross-code challenge at England rugby's training centre in bagshot .
Tiger Woods gave former basketball star Yao Ming a golfing lesson in china . the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre helped him get to grips with his swing . woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship .
four Chelsea fans labelled themselves the 'C-Team' during the prank . they parked outside arsenal's north London home and set off blue smoke bombs . the four practical jokers then made a swift exit in a white van .
english golfer has used acupuncture to aid his recovery in the past . the 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture with eight needles stuck in his neck . poulter finished tied sixth at the US Masters and is confident of winning a first tour title .
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney . the 27-year-old bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate . he was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down .
the man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the video to YouTube . he uses a needle, pliers and a screwdriver to pop a grape-sized cyst . his sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place . she then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper . sharp cries of pain are heard from Jason with each hit . but he says: 'i think we can go a little deeper
pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the 6-1 win over porto . the spaniard's underwear was on show after the incident . he joked after the match: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match' .
the championnat national de premiere division has four rounds of matches remaining . just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey . the top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League . three teams will be relegated to the second division .
rodgers unsure whether striker will play again this season . the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues . he is now battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the defeat to manchester united on march 22 .
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the world super-middleweight title . the 27-year-old defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on friday night . despite unlikely odds, the boxer correctly predicted a shock was on the cards .
the boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion . chef Q, also known as Quiana Jefferies, has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet . 'it feels like it @floydmayweather wanted all this so I gave it to him #1000plate #2000plate #AddUP #BBQChicken #CajunTilapia'
didier drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his foundation . the blues striker played his part in the 1-0 win over manchester united . he was joined on stage by pop star Christina Milian .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley on sunday . steven gerrard was unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance . manager Brendan rodgers must take the blame for the poor midfield display .
aston villa striker Christian Benteke is also a target for the reds . the merseyside club have been given permission to hold with Memphis depay . depay has also been linked with a move to the emirates stadium . click here for more transfer news .
a man dressed as the Grim Reaper sat behind the dug-out at goodison park in the same fixture last season . the result was louis van gaal's biggest defeat as united manager . a brilliant counter-attack from James McCarthy gave everton the lead in just the fifth minute . but a late Ashley Young header was diverted into the crossbar by the underside of the bar .
son Romeo, 12, ran the three-mile mini-marathon in london on sunday . his family were there to cheer on him as he raised £6,000 for charity . it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon . jose mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans . but captain John Terry has warned they will not win the premier league .
a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate . the majority of rooms on the strip are reserved for proven high-rollers with track records of seven-figure gambling . early arrivals are busy now stock-piling cases of their preferred foaming nectar in their rooms at the hotel .
a leandro Silva hat-trick earned porto a 3-0 win over the uruguayan side . the result sees them reach the final of the premier league international cup . chelsea crashed out of the champions league in the last 16 on tuesday .
the 28-year-old has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic . but he took a day out at the zoo after 2-0 defeat to barcelona . he posed for pictures with goats, bears and fellow south american llamas .
a prank at saints' Renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on tuesday . captain Steven Thompson speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole . the pole stabbed him in the leg and he will miss the rest of the season .
the 41-year-old set the world record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003 . but she said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race . 'my body can't train at this level any more,' she said . the marathon is well inside 2:42.00, the IAAF qualifying standard .
jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer . pep guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016 . german legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp could succeed Guardiola .
liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged £50 to go to a game at the KC . last season, the same seats were sold for £35, causing outrage . a protest will be held on thursday night against the rising cost of tickets .
the 25-year-old scored the fourth goal of the champions league on tuesday . it was the world cup winner's 27th goal in the competition . supporters chanted for him as he led the celebrations on the pitch .
the highly-anticipated movie premiered at westfield shopping centre on tuesday . haskell posted the image dressed as downey Jr.'s character Iron Man . the flanker returned to the club where he started his career for 2012 .
the 26-year-old suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during westham's 0-0 draw with Southampton . he will not be available for the rest of the season . the striker posted a picture on his Instagram showing him posing on an over-sized chair .
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on saturday night in new york . the unified heavyweight champion has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and is willing to fight him in england . fury is mandatory challenger to the champion's belt and in line for a summer showdown .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao have been rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous . meanwhile, the boxer welcomed Mariah Carey to his gym . carey has long been a fan of mayweather having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010 .
Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series . the 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team . karting star finished second in the world, european and german kart championships last season .
the pair went head-to-head to launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 . the footwear brand are releasing the graphic, which took inspiration from the Japanese dragon . aguero praised his opponent for giving him a tough game during the match .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday . the gunners conceded 33 premier league goals in the process . a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge . sportsmail looks at the best defences in premier league history .
the 17-year-old was a guest at a junior event sponsored by Nike . the northern irishman made short work of a strength test against McIlroy . 'Look at this... no chance,' he said as he arm wrestled the teen .
the 34-year-old captain has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games . he has played 2,970 minutes for the blues so far this season . jose mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league .
real madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in their la liga clash . javier Hernandez scored six goals in eight starts for the spanish giants . the striker is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes . he is just two minutes short of Lionel Messi's goal-scoring ratio .
real madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 at the santiago bernabeu on sunday . javier Hernandez scored six goals in eight starts for the spanish giants . the 26-year-old is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes . he has a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of leo messi .
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-4 in the final of the Barcelona Open . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese . he will be among the favourites to win the french open next year .
the PFA Premier League team of the year was unveiled at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House hotel in London on sunday . six Chelsea players made the side, with Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, making the side for the third straight season . the system, which measures a player's contribution to the success of his team, sees Sergio Aguero replace Diego Costa .
chelsea have 75 players in the best XI since the premier league began in 1992 . but having Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year's team has seen them close the gap to second-placed arsenal . the belgian winger has remarkably featured in the Team of the Year every season since 2009 – for both Lille in Ligue 1 and Chelsea in the Premier League .
bafetimbi gomis has been able to spend time with his family in Lyon . the frenchman suffered a hamstring injury against everton earlier this month . he is hoping to be back playing in two to three weeks .
louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target . a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day . the former holland boss read out the names of the players he thinks he should bring to old trafford .
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . the frenchman also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker in attack .
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao items . 'many are buying because prices might rise further if Manny wins,' said 50-year-old Carolyn Yap-Tan, who has been selling items online for four years . prices of the best-selling boxing gloves have also risen at least 50 per cent .
pink top, £125, lkbennett.com . floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson . sandals, £38, office.co.uk .
the strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir . there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue . but striker Alex Morgan hailed the design as innovative .
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers of him with his wife and daughter to celebrate St George's day . his wife, Raquel Mauri, also posted an image of her celebrations with the midfielder . he has been instrumental for barcelona since signing from rivals sevilla .
chelsea beat arsenal 2-0 at the emirates stadium in the premier league . didier drogba was left on the bench for the second half . but the blues boss is staying true to the game - his game . the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title .
new research by the mail on Sunday shows just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals in the run-up to the 2010 vote . the analysis suggests that Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory . there were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by bin Hammam .
keeper's extra-time error saw his side beaten 2-1 by arsenal at wembley . but he had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final . the 30-year-old is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend .
the 28-year-old has been linked with a move to old trafford . but he hasn't been the prolific force he should have been . the striker has scored 11 goals in 32 domestic competitions this season . paul pogba's side face a two-horse race to the top of the table .
Manny Pacquiao appeared in a new advert for foot locker . the Filipino joked about a fight with his long-term boxing rival back in November . but the 41-second advert was released before an agreement was reached .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 to reach the final of the fa cup . Philippe Coutinho fired the reds ahead with a smart chip . a long range Chrisitan Benteke strike equalised for the villa side .
the watch has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be 'resistant to scratches and impact' when dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres), it survived unscathed despite a nasty 'crack' noise when it hit the pavement . when it was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact .
the new england patriots beat the seattle seahawks 28-24 to win the NFL Super Bowl XLIX in february . but there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen . a spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday . jose mourinho's back seven has stayed settled all season . mario balotelli's first start in a premier league game since the defeat by Chelsea in November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before .
watford beat middlesbrough 2-0 at the amex stadium on saturday . defender Tommie hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement' . the club will now return to the premier league for the first time since 2006-07 .
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG on tuesday night . the former spaniard made his 148th appearance in the competition . he also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase . real madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal his total .
the latest version of the long-running game series, due out on July 16, features a number of new features . the game offers offers arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy with the ability to add spin to the shot while the ball is in the air . firmer, links-style courses like St Andrews will provide more bounce and roll .
the race car driver is making his first live-action cameo in a movie . he lent his voice to the Disney animation sequel starring Owen Wilson . the comedy sequel is one of the most highly-anticipated films of 2016 .
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . the club are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from championship challengers Rangers and Hibernian . a bid by the league board to force finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of £15 for the ties was withdrawn last week .
Jason Denayer is set to return to the premier league this summer . the on-loan defender has been in impressive form for the club . he has been a revelation since joining on a year-long loan deal . sportsmail understands that city will block any move by Celtic .
men, women and children living in the united states were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to Mexico was temporarily opened . two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into the country and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years . in another scene, a man smiles blissfully as he hugs his emotional father, while his daughters lelainah and four-year-old Willow watch .
43 per cent of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' only 25 per cent think he is hungriest for the job, and 13 per cent said neither of them . two surveys yesterday put the tories ahead by six points .
Karen Danczuk reveals ambition to be an MP – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians . glamorous labour councillor said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them . she said parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality'
the London Borough of Barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database . the council would then match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine . tests are believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate .
Philip Dunning 44, from west lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . after hitting the jackpot in Saturday night's Lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting . his partner, Gina Meikle, 45, did the same .
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm . the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account . it came a day after he and wife, Dawn, attended an event in london .
obsessive football fan made his girlfriend sit a test about his favourite club . she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 and her boyfriend didn't dump her . the test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and documentary . he claimed the couple were involved in their daughter's disappearance . in written verdict, a Lisbon court agreed that he should pay €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages and banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie .
'private and quiet man' bequeathed entire fortune to builder after he died . but his family insist the will, made two months before his death, is invalid . they say builder is lying about friendship with 'uncle Ron' but judge says 'odd' nature of bequest should 'excite suspicion' .
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to africa . when he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him . he has threatened to go on hunger strike unless he hand over his wife .
almeria have completed 184 passes so far today, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet . real haven't found their rhythm yet while they're just letting them pass from side to side . the visitors have a few more shots from around 25 yards and keylor Navas won't be worried by those .
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for their work . 'these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said . australia's withdrawal of its ambassador to the country is a 'momentary reaction' .
rodrigo Gularte, 42, was shot dead alongside australians Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran in the early hours of Wednesday morning . he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad . the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices . father Charlie burrows said he talked to him for an hour and a half late
arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern india, to visit relatives . a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them and tried to 'molest' them . but instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in the sexual assault . the incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province .
Carl Beatson-Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009 . the 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been performing a set . suspect Jeffrey Okafor, 24, then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport . he is accused of confessing to his girlfriend before stabbing him to death .
lib dem minister releases details of secret plans to cut child benefit . he claims they were drawn up by civil servants on orders of tory minister . but he says he has asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits . clash is worst row between the two former coalition partners .
the 16-year-old is named after the original Brazilian striker Ronaldo . he also has a twin brother called Rivaldo, after the former Barcelona and AC Milan player . oldham have remained in league one for 18 years .
ba van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975 . he managed to fly a CH-47 Chinook with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the south china sea . this after he got out of his flight suit and jumped into the ocean just seconds before the ship crashed . some members of the family are revealing what happened on that historic day, and their lives in the years after .
14 soldiers dispatched to restore order after 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat . investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday . the french president today said: 'if some soldiers have behaved badly, i will show no mercy'
crowds cheered as 15-year-old pema Lama was pulled from rubble . he became 'pancaked' between two floors when quake hit on saturday . rescue was a rare bit of good news in a city that has known little but despair .
five-month-old sonit Awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the quake struck . he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him . his mother has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' when rescuers finally arrived .
first minister spoke up chances of being Westminster's king-maker . polls still pointing to another hung parliament following next week's election . but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table with the resurgent nationalists .
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert . he appeared on this morning to show his immense skill in sniffing out deceit . the former police officer has a background in psychology and micro expression training .
the Ukip leader said he would accept the result of a referendum . but he rejected claims his party would become 'redundant' as a result . he claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support . comments come after three leaders faced grilling over their plans .
javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for real madrid . the 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts this season . he has been linked with a move away from old trafford to london .
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years . he is too heavy to walk or wash himself and is confined to a ground floor flat . the once rosy-cheeked boy is now bed-bound at 65 stone .
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent could provide cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . he will warn if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to the uk .
home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update powers . based on polling, parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by snp . she urged wavering Ukip supporters and four in ten voters to realise what is at stake for security on may 7 .
anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the 'biggest' form of racism in the uk . he accuses salmond of fuelling resentment and says it is wrong that the party is called racist . speaking during a visit to Hartlepool, he said: 'the biggest racism i have seen in British politics is happening north of the border'
'as a teenager I used to get into fights because of it,' says Stuart McCall . 'tell me, how's that going to help any individual when that reaction to their name just being read out?' he says . but he hopes that for the time that he is manager, McCulloch will be the last .
IPSA launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret . but court of appeal rules it must release copies of receipts and invoices . case stems from Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010 . it asked for three specific receipts submitted by politicians in support of claims . instead of providing the original receipts, it sent back a typed-up summary .
ten years ago, bartender Liz Clark swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a Cal 40 sailboat . after graduating from university, she met a retired professor . he was 80 years old at the time and wanted to help someone realize his dream .
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat . research carried out by the forsa institute - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade . instead they are exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime .
the 55-year-old was injured when a car reversed into his stationary car in 2005 . he suffered whiplash, chronic pain syndrome and a resulting depression . but as his £600,000 damages claim began, he was accused of a staggering fraud . was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend max Clifford . claims he is in so much pain he only rarely leaves his home .
anonymous scientist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone . since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years . but the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital . she says the most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a 
tickets for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on tuesday . the thorny matter was settled at a meeting between mayweather’s advisor Al Haymon and CBS television mogul Les Moonves . only a token 1000 seats are going on public sale, at between $1,500 and $7,500 (£5,000) none for the super-ringside tickets costing $10,000 (£6,600)
mobile cinema was found rotting in a field in 2005 . owners bought it for £1,200 and spent £35,000 restoring it over five years . they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity . now they want to sell it so they can focus on being parents to their children .
like Jack Wilshere he is a talented midfielder who has been spotted at the academy . west ham, arsenal, liverpool and chelsea have all offered to give him a chance at the highest level . the 11-year-old and his parents must weigh up offers from three of the biggest clubs in the premier league .
the likes of Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of players . players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the club's senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex .
Ivan Rakitic and his wife, Raquel Mauri, posted a selfie of them at the beach . the former hair stylist accompanied the picture with the caption: 'Relaxing day with the family,' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons . Lionel Messi's has also taken to Instagram to confirm he will soon be a father for the second time .
Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century at the MGM grand on may 2 . he took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with 'Midnight Train To Georgia' singer Gladys Knight . mayweather retweeted the post to his 5.8million followers and earlier in the day, he thanked knight for watching him in the gym .
arsenal midfielder posted a photo on his instagram account on monday . the 23-year-old has been forced to miss five months of this season . but he is closing in on a return to full fitness after ankle surgery .
rapper Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister - 17-year-old Kylie Jenner . Oxlade-Chamberlain could return to action in time to face Hull on monday . gibbs will be hoping to start ahead of left back rival Nacho Monreal .
lionel messi posted a picture of his son, Thiago, kissing his wife's stomach . the couple are due to have a baby boy and have settled on a name . Messi and wife Antonella Roccuzzo's first son was born in November 2012 .
the future of Andy Murray’s coaching arrangement with Amelie Mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt . the 27-year-old will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and quite possibly after that . he parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling .
only 500 Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets were on general sale . the rest were distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks and the MGM grand . one fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get a ticket when they were released last week . here he tells us his story and hopes for the fight .
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships in Sheffield . the 20-year-old was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill .
theo Walcott has been pictured sitting on a bench with six of his team-mates . the 26-year-old has been overlooked for much of the season . he was pictured for a photoshoot with model Olga sherer .
marouane Fellaini and his twin brother mansour share a glass of bubbly . the pair were recently the subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho prior to his side's clash with manchester united . but a hotel doorman at the club's hotel told him that the 6ft 4in midfielder was not playing .
barcelona defeated getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night . all but nine of the 102 goals scored by the trio have come inside the box . messi now has 49 goals for the season, while suarez has 32 . the trio are now five points clear in the la liga table .
former manchester united boss speaks with presenter over a frame of snooker . the 73-year-old believes his former team-mate is better than Lionel Messi . he says he is always asked 'who is the greatest player in the world?'
the 35-year-old completed the race in two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds . he joked he was disappointed to finish behind former Olympic rower James Cracknell . the f1 driver was running on behalf of cancer research charity .
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the french open . world no 1 lost in the third round to world no 29 Fabio Fognini . the 33-year-old says he still believes he is the man to beat .
barcelona defeated getafe 3-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night . luis suarez opened the scoring with a cheeky panenka penalty . lionel messi doubled the lead with an effort in the top corner . brazilian posed for a picture with fellow barca attackers .
addison Russell, 21, swung at a first-pitch fastball and let his bat slip . it went flying and struck a fan sitting behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face . the fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative after being hit .
the 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Real were in a commanding lead . but the norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as real beat almeria 3-0 . he would have become the youngest player in the club's illustrious history .
the two-time world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week . the 23-year-old brother of Lewis, who suffers from cerebral palsy, posted the first image on his facebook page . he will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the btc when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit .
didier drogba has hit back at claims that his side were boring this week . the blues are preparing for a trip to Leicester city on tuesday night . they have been criticised for the way they drew 0-0 with arsenal on sunday . but the manager insists that going 10 years without winning the league was more boring .
van Persie scored twice as man united beat Fulham 4-1 at craven cottage . the holland striker is still recovering from an ankle injury . van gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the under-21 table .
sportsmail's boxing correspondent will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history on may 2 . the fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) with mayweather receiving $180m (£117) and Pacquiao $120m . Tecate have paid $5.6m to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor .
the BT Sport Industry Awards take place in battersea on Thursday . AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere, Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet . the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport .
Didier Drogba has been awarded a barclays spirit of the game trophy . the 37-year-old has set up the 'Didier Drobba Foundation in Africa' . he is aiming to inspire the next generation of footballers to fall in love with the game .
the 25-year-old was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley . the pair sat down for a quick interview before showing off their moves . he revealed he wasn't a fan of one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member Louis Tomlinson .
'spec tickets' are on sale for up to $30,000 (£20,000) before the fight . seatsGeek claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine . the venue for the fight, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena, has the following message on its website: 'Details on ticket sales coming soon!
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM grand on may 2 in Las Vegas . the heavyweight has been slammed for pronouncing himself superior to Muhammad Ali . he said: 'he called himself The Greatest so I call myself The Best Ever' .
top Rank promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather have yet to be signed . the contract he received on April 15 is different to the terms that were agreed a few months ago . 'that's what we're enmeshed in,' said Arum .
research led by a scientist at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of solar flux ropes on the sun . in the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form . solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) are common structures in the solar corona . they are thought to be the main cause of several types of
the fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea . pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds .
car manufacturer claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide . experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel . tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right .
technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer . a connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye .
'they're chasing me because I can't afford to pay them,' she said . the denim designer is being pursued for $126,594 in taxes . she is the sister of real housewives of Melbourne's Gina .
laser expert Patrick Priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand . it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm . in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches . he posts videos to YouTube as anselmoFanZero .
transIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch . the robots were originally created in 2012 for a show called 'Peepshow' the dancers were made out of old car parts and were designed by a british artist .
the barclays premier league has reached the business end of the campaign across the country . sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed . manchester city, the Gunners and Manchester united are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League .
photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan . 40 per cent of the program's students are female, and the girls have the option of joining a back-to-school program .
researchers subjected two commercial Li-ion batteries to external heat . they then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused jets of molten material to stream from the vent . by comparison, the rapid pressure rise in a second cell caused the entire cap of the cell to detach . the footage is the first time the failure of Li
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California . the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter . in this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap' at the base of the wings . test pilots have described it as being ‘very smooth’, while it can also deal with hard banking manoeuvres and extreme temperatures .
packets of 'beef masala' sent by Pakistan as part of relief aid to temblor survivors . the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal . development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south Asian Association for regional cooperation (Saarc) member countries .
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi . but legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, watchdog ruled . spies ordered to destroy two copies of the eavesdropped communications .
the Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world . it spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato . the two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long . at 460m (1509ft), it is the world's highest bridge and is still taller than the Eiffel Tower at its highest point .
Ian Merrett, 28, whistled at Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month . she filmed them and asked police to investigate alleged sexual harassment . but he said she should take it as a compliment, which has helped him 'snog loads of girls'
former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates . she said: 'if we want to stop labour and the SNP you’ve got to vote tory. a vote for Ukip would be quite wasted I believe'
researchers believe laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate primary tumours, as well as distant metastases that have spread through the body . the research has been hailed a 'tour de force' raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer .
the incident took place at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre . platform swung violently in the wind with the Lujiazui Financial District hundreds of metres below . the two window cleaners only suffered minor injuries .
artist, 25, is one of the stars of twitter's new live broadcasting platform . she has been 'loved' over 7.5million times in less than a month . 'this is like a reality show, but it’s not scripted,' she tells viewers .
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season . the 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives at the moment . both strikers could play for the first-team against arsenal this weekend .
Celtic are considering a double raid on Dundee United for teenager John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci . the club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in January . Celtic have won just three of their 14 games since .
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for this year's world snooker championship ends . the 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world no 30 matthew selt in qualifying . white had defeated James Wattana in his qualifying opener on Saturday .
five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign . two were teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last a veteran of jungle warfare . aged between 90 and 99, they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come .
in 2007, a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead for delivering an off-key rendition of My Way . the death toll now as high as 12, many clubs have taken My Way off their playlist . Pacquiao has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes .
Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring in the 18th minute with a superb free-kick . it was the Highlanders' first treble since they were amalgamated in 1987 . but the standard of refereeing remains an embarrassment for the club . inverness are favourites to win their first ever Scottish Cup final .
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 . it has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books . her second book, Enchanted Forest, has sold out within weeks of release .
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood . witnesses to the fight had different reactions, some stood around and watched the fracas unfold .
reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what 'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses . one user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in Europe and the us .
manchester city take on chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final . the match will take place at city's 7,200-capacity academy stadium . both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the television cameras .
Chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing in the youth cup final . a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead . Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline . manchester city midfielder Kean Bryan battled back but missed a glorious chance to tie things up .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the first leg of the fa youth cup . acrobatic striker Tammy Abraham scored 36 goals for the blues this season . the west londoners have already been crowned kings of Europe in the UEFA Youth League .
didier drogba was the star of the show as he led his team-mates in celebrations at full-time . he had both feet off the ground at one point and was unable to stop a close-range finish from jose mourinho's cross . liverpool defender raheem sterling was also on the scoresheet for the blues after a challenge on adam lallana .
the tags belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury beach . metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son .
the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao is due to take place at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on sunday . pay-per-view figures for the fight are set to blow previous bouts out of the water . in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 and $99.99 (£66) while in the uk, sky box office is offering the bout for £19.99 .
terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . reflects research by the bank of america which found that there were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014 .
Bayern Munich were crowned champions without even kicking a ball on Sunday . their nearest rivals Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach . the result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time .
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in august . she dumped the half-naked body in a suitcase outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort . Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into account her need to care for her newborn . in contrast, australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death
Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . the boxer insists on eating organic produce, although there are exceptions . 'Twizzlers are his favorite,' she reveals in an interview with new york magazine .
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, was locked out of her account last week . for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in . happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies .
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow cup at Hampden on tuesday . goals from Josh Kerr and mark hill gave the hosts the lead . but keeper Robby McCrorie made two errors to give the hoops the win .
Gloucester drew 3-3 at Kingsholm to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh . the cherries and whites will compete for their first european title since 2006 . a pre-arranged Madness concert was held in front of the shed on saturday .
world snooker chairman has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to Evans . the 10-time winner saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty . hearn says the 29-year-old must go through the qualifying school to earn a place .
chelsea lost 2-1 to relegation-threatened Leicester at stamford bridge . the win will give the blues their first league crown since 2010 . manager jose mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side .
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the snooker world championships . the 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles . she plays former champion Ken Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . the us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin . it has unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease .
built in the 12th century, the castle was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold and used it as a fortress . it is situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, and includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment . a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre are all set within the castle .
Celtic face inverness in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final on sunday . the winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the league . deila believes his side provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes .
Dita von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at the canyon ranch . the fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines . she believes her workshops can build women's confidence .
the 34-year-old captain scored his side's second goal against Leicester . it took his tally for the season to seven, making him the club's joint third-highest goalscorer . he sits alongside strikers Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven goals apiece .
a celebrated australian artist has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed . the archibald-winning artist became a mentor to the Bali Nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency . he has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment .
boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the fight . the world boxing council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range . mayweather will put his undefeated professional career on the line against Pacquiao .
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's betfred world championship . the king of the baize in the 1980s wants to see a win for both players . but he admits his swan song hopes look forlorn at the Crucible .
video was originally filmed to send to brothers' godfather who lives in america . but it quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on the internet . now the boys, from Buckinghamshire, have given an interview to newsround .
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 2-0 . the 24-year-old no longer plays for Hibernian for a start . former coach at leith athletic says he has not spoken to him in a while .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden park . the result means they will face either inverness or Celtic in the final . Craig Sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute .
pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival . when leaving Sydney, sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to get best views of world-famous Sydney Harbour bridge and the Sydney opera house .
massage therapist Suzi Cinalli says massaging your 'third eye' can help boost concentration . pumpkin seeds provide the recommended daily amount of zinc, vital for enhancing memory and thinking skills . swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast and boost brain-boosting essential fatty acids .
ultra-wealthy individuals prefer to take off on a moment's notice . wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen . membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000 .
FIlipino boxer has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so . he has faced the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez . the 36-year-old spent the early part of his career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 .
Justin Bieber will carry Floyd Mayweather's championship belts into the ring . the 21-year-old has accompanied the fighter on numerous occasions . he even joined him on stage during a recent press conference ahead of the fight .
broadcasters don't show Scottish football out of charity . they do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand . in return for which they regard SPFL football with indifference . the scottish game is engaged in a Faustian pact . sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage .
Floyd mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Tuesday . sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was there . he looks ahead to the mega-fight at the MGM grand on Saturday .
the Norwegian midfielder shared the players' player of the year award with captain Scott Brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters . the 24-year-old is delighted with the Bhoys 'special' season .
former world champion leads snooker's top woman player 5-4 at interval . doherty trailed 3-1 at one stage against 29-year-old single mum from dudley . match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening . 128 players are involved in qualifying for the world championship .
boxer and his team made the 270-mile journey from los angeles to las vegas on monday . the 36-year-old arrived at the Mandalay Bay hotel in the Nevada desert . he will fight at the MGM grand on may 2 in a mouthwatering bout . click here for more boxing news .
these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment . on the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a waterfront view . open air spaces and bright rooms boast a contemporary feel and high-end touches add a little extra luxury .
the 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in south american football . he arrived from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation . the dazzling attacking midfielder tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea . click here for more transfer news .
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'Because my life is saturated with it' instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills .
the unnamed couple are suing the risque erotic novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Nook digital formats . the novella is about a housewife's infatuation with new england patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitu
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background . 'this is the right time for me to fight Floyd. i’m more experienced now than five years ago. the speed and power are better than any of them. he will experience his first loss.' .
racism is rife in the coal region in Northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the Appalachian Mountains . it is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states .
Georgia Davis, 22, was lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane . number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked . at the height of the operation, neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property . french doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home .
ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005 . they were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches . but they were disillusioned by their jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls, money and fast cars at their fingertips . after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected, they are now dead .
amal Clooney held a press conference in washington calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives Mohamed Nasheed . the 37-year-old lawyer is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed president . he was sentenced to 13 years in prison last month under tough anti-terror laws .
riot erupted in 2012 when supporters of home team al-Masry and Cairo's al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match . appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death . eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti .
Eintracht Frankfurt striker Alexander Meier is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury . Meier tops the league with 19 goals, ahead of the Bayern Munich duo of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16)
bayer leverkusen have released defender Emir Spahic from his contract . spahic was involved in a brawl with security personnel after the german cup defeat to Bayern Munich . the 34-year-old was sacked for the offence after he injured his knee in the match .
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . goals from Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller secured victory . the win keeps them three points clear at the top of the table .
Gloriavale, a new zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations . a former member, Miracle, told daily mail australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations . she said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community' .
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope Array, or NuStar, has captured a new high-energy X-ray view (magenta) of the bustling center of our galaxy . when a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself . but smaller stars will shed their outer layers and leave behind a hot dense core – known as a white dwarf .
Liris, 32, is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus . grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and has always dreamed of being a model . but her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf with many saying she needed to lose weight to break into the industry . now a size 18 (US 14), she is hoping to take the uk by storm .
west Ham are top of the premier league fair play table . the hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches . allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season which leaves his managerial future in the balance .
the 25-year-old has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract . he has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . the midfielder has been linked with moves to arsenal and tottenham .
a mistake from saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed mame diouf to equalise . substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go .
petr cech has made just four league starts for the blues this season . the 33-year-old is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench . parlour believes signing cech in the summer would be a 'no brainer' .
former world champion pictured with 50 cent at the barclay's center in new york . the pair were watching the premier boxing champions on saturday night . 'great fight Garcia and Lamont' was called out by 'swift' on twitter .
andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze posed for a picture with their girlfriends . the world cup winning duo were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel . gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 win against Eintracht Franfurt .
zlaaatan.com has created a search engine website in honour of zlatan Ibrahimovic . the site has an identical style to google with users given the option to 'Zlaatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlataan' any results from the search bar will automatically add 'zlaatanian' to the front of the news .
the third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday . if convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death . twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater for a midnight showing of the dark knight rises in 2012 .
west spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx . the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda . police say Spruill sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street . but he chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and
brothers died after consuming six times the lethal dose of ecstasy they bought online . they were found dead in a room above the grapes pub in bolton . coroner has slammed ease with which drugs can be ordered over the 'dark web' . he said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
the Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to increase the punishment handed to goalkeeper Steve Simonsen for breaching betting laws . the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . but compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy . renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago, a roman granary and a Franciscan chapel . instead of isolating the pipe found underground corridors and rooms beneath the property .
move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company . company said at its annual Build conference on Wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to adapt their apps to run on devices that use the new Windows 10 operating system coming late this year .
IDC said Samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share . however, Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones .
some owners of the coveted watch have found it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection . this leads the watch to think it has stopped making contact with the skin . the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues, such as having to repeatedly enter a password .
the Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . it uses sensors on the front of the bin to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush . the bin also has an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags .
Adidas go is an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history . once installed the app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride, it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute . songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to .
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield . the video also explains science behind super-healing abilities .
the planets orbit the star, HD 7924, 54 light-years away . all three planets in the system complete their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days . the discovery reveals the powerful capabilities of the Automated Planet Finder .
hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) its porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite .
the 40-year-old's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 may and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside of Marrakech . the name Amanjana translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings . it is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the resort, with Victoria and David renewing their vows there in 2004 .
entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre . there will be three different routes through the site . certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed . the project is set to cost around £28.5million .
fight broke out on the flight from London heathrow to Muscat . one man decided to move seats because plane wasn't full . another passenger objected to the man moving near to him . fight escalated into a full-blown fight on board .
the proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup is revealed by sports agenda . the figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on may 30 . if arsenal repeat their 2014 triumph, they stand to pocket £1.8m in prize money .
the ECB's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is appointed . it is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection . the position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket .
england were bowled out for 34 for three on day one of the first test in antigua . top order is very one-paced and the west indies bowling was so disciplined that it became a problem on the first morning . if they stay in the runs will come and England supporters will be happy . but it should be remembered that England have promised to play a certain way .
a new transfer policy would see the purchase of young players priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale . this strategy would set Tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at Manchester united by trading top performers . the moment they started to sell again, Tottenham fell away . not even having the premier league's top goalscorer in Harry Kane has placed them among the elite again .
the 'USA Freedom Act' would end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records . it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations . the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it . similar legislation was introduced in the u.s. Senate by democrat Patrick Leahy and Republican Mike Lee .
everything unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to testosterone . violence? it’s all testosterone’s fault. sexual assault and rape? just blame testosterone. testosterone is at the heart of human life .
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways . he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job . the 747s are his great love and he admires them like a sculptor .
angelika graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance, 46-year-old Vincent Viafore . Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak . she was later picked up by a boater and police have yet to find his body . according to a criminal complaint, prosecutors allege that he intentionally caused his death - but they wouldn't say how .
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rapped 1979 classic Rapper's Delight . the pair played together at liverpool between 1991 and 1997 . in spoof sketch, the 51-year-old dazzles the crowd for a minute of lyricism .
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake take on team-mates in Audi's football challenge . the 17-goal players aim to fire balls into the boot of a convertible car . they then take to a makeshift tennis court, where the net is replaced by a £127,000 Audi R8 V10 plus .
a video of the karaoke was posted on the culture club's facebook page . 'my m8 Robbie Keane having a sing-a-long in the car! ' said the post . the 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury .
the two goalkeepers were widely regarded as the best of their generation . in a top trump style competition, the duo square off 50 years later . the advert is akin to former footballers Vinnie Jones and Eric Cantona .
thousands of commuters stranded for up to five hours after power failure . some 1,200 people stuck on east grinstead to victoria service near station . police boarded trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand . at least 338 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours .
the announcement was made after a meeting with Brazilian taekwondo officials . the former UFC champion said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career .
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the family circle cup . the 21-year-old had lost her only career meeting with the world no 7 . but the american won nine of the final 11 games of the match .
high school musical star is now 27 and a bona-fide buff babe . he serenaded us on set of his new film, Bad Grandpa, on tuesday .
image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . to highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS) the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s) but when it does, Messenger will be behind the planet, and hidden from
scientists from the university of Connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk . extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2% if temperatures rise by two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels . but if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16% .
when people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts tagged with it . the anomaly was discovered by Katie Notopoulos from Buzzfeed . it is believed to be because the e-moji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . the remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution . while many whales, dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record, enabling scientists to understand their evolution, there is limited evidence of spermal whales and smaller whales capable of navigating the
scientists at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected presence in the room . the sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brain of blindfolded volunteers . when the brain malfunctions the brain creates a second representation of its body .
the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week . he is on the brink of becoming the world's leading wicket-taker in Tests . the fast bowler is a great advantage for a captain to have someone like that .
both Chelsea and the premier league are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the Premier League trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday . there is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions . manager Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace on Sunday before celebrating .
bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over Newcastle at Kingston Park . the visitors were rewarded with three first-half tries and a fourth early in the second period . bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table .
former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact since converting to union . he was called into the england squad for the 6 nations . but he has not been considered for selection by the red rose . semesa rokoduguni returns to the bath starting xv .
bath fly half George Ford scored a fine solo-try in the first-half . the england no 10 was dispatched to the sin-bin for 10 minutes . bath were outmuscled at the breakdown, bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out .
100 pupils were due to travel 68 miles to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon, next week . parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and 'grave concerns' one mother said she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot'
a 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school . 'if your parents voted for Obama, they're evil and I don't see how your parents could vote for someone that's Muslim,' Scott said . Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either .
perak mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria claims rape is 'made up' by europeans . he claims women can only say no if they are menstruating, sick or just given birth . but another says sex must take place in a 'harmonious situation so as not to hurt each other'
how old do I look allows users to analyse any image found on Bing . site correctly guessed 69-year-old Helen Mirren was actually 55 . a woman in the background was deemed to be just six-years-old .
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' the staff at her local Social Security office told her that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014 . she said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' but fast-forward three months later and Jewell's number hasn't been reinstated - leaving her life in total disarray
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at a country music festival . the 21-year-old's last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round . she had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return to tennis .
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 first dates . a suitor, played by Drew Barrymore, uses videos to remind her of him . each day a new video is shown to residents at a care home in riverdale . residents are encouraged to say good morning and use memory-triggering personal anecdotes .
the comedian tweeted a picture alongside former England captain David Beckham and new york Giants' NFL hotshot Odell Beckham Jnr . the 36-year-old is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states . last month he lifted the lid on his son Brooklyn's first date .
the song was written and recorded by the boxer to be his walk-out music . it was penned and recorded for the richest fight of all time against mayweather . 'thank you Jimmy for singing my new album - it was good,' he said .
the 36-year-old walked down King's Road with fiancee Christine Bleakley . he has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for city on loan this season . the midfielder will join up with parent club new york city in July .
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator . the former light-heavyweight champion takes on Fabio maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night . he had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186 .
astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust . the image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms .
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west Texas . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space . this is the first test flight of the entire architecture, and it is expected to cost around £130,000 $200,000 .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine . they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel . the algorithm determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their forehead and nose . technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition .
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in the first innings against west indies . the 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned by some . he has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests .
six players withdrew from the squad at short notice against Charlton . Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London . but former captain Trevor Cherry has branded the players a 'disgrace' .
six players withdrew from the squad on eve of trip to Charlton on saturday . 'freakish set of events' was described by beleaguered manager Neil Redfearn . but the 31-year-old says he is surprised by the chaos at the moment .
the 102-year-old images were taken on the beach at Lulworth cove, Dorset, in 1913 . they are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving colour photographs . the images are on display at the national media museum in Bradford .
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine . she believes she will be executed by the end of the year for the crime . australians Andrew Chan, 31, and myuran sukumaran, 33, were executed . the pair were first to die in the latest round of executions . anti-death penalty protesters began playing 'Hallelujah' just prior to news .
six players withdrew from the squad to face Charlton on saturday . italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured . it is understood that the medical team were unaware of any problems .
the 20-year-old has scored nine goals in the championship this season . the midfielder has attracted interest from several top-flight clubs . manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad .
a new book by a survivor of the 1985 fire claims it was not an accident . author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham . four members of his family died in the blaze at the football stadium . 'could any man really be as unlucky as Heginebotham?' he asks .
Nadir Ciftci celebrates goal by kissing opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain . the Turkish striker ends up blushing as his side lose away at rivals Dundee . it was the club's first win in a derby for more than 10 years .
a plane passenger assaulted a man who was a former corrections officer during their flight when they landed in salt lake city, utah on sunday . the young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Chad Hurst in the stomach . he then calmly grabbed the man by the shoulder, brought him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and took him down .
high-level ministerial briefing obtained by daily mail australia reveals 'unprecedented' number of australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling . eleven australias were apprehended in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death . the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the document, which was obtained under freedom of information laws .
sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with flights cancelled and schools closed . strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing . the orange cloud gets thicker and disperses further sunlight becomes drastically reduced .
Absolutely Fabulous stars to reunite for a film based in london . the film will be filmed in the south of france, or in the Bahamas . 'there is a plot and that’s the miracle!' says actress .
just 32 per cent of consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves . more than 70 per cent rightly identified chicken as main source of food poisoning .
aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in august 2013 . as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack . 'i am sooo thankful I started taking better care of myself,' she wrote .
posters featuring bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield are being removed . a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures .
the FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines . the deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the FA board on Thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year . renaming it the Emirates FA Cup is closer to title sponsorship than the previous ‘in association with Budweiser’ agreement .
the deal would see football's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup . arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million . a joint venture between Emirates and Arsenal, the Dubai soccer schools were established in 2009 and are sponsored by the airline .
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night . the middleweight hopes to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . he is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years since he last fought in the UK .
former arsenal forward Andrei Arshavin's contract expires in the summer . he is set to be released along with veteran midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk . Zenit coach andre villas-boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair .
Yoshinori Muto has admitted he is still considering a move to the blues . the 22-year-old wants to join a club where he will 'play and develop' . he scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week .
Carl Frampton has been offered a £1.5million payday to fight Scott Quigg . the northern irishman wants to fight in one of the biggest fights in recent memory . matchroom sport boss Eddie Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two to fight .
alastair cook and Jonathan Trott should both play all three Tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made . i said after the first day of this Test that England’s top order was a bit one-paced which could be an issue . but that does not mean they should be dropped unless there is conclusive evidence they are in decline .
despite scoring 17 premier league goals for QPR, Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up . if he played for a big club he would be in the team by now . there was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the squad during his time at Norwich .
the 24-year-old pop star died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft . he was found hanging at his home by a friend, the inquest has been told . his family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression . in a previous statement, he said: 'he was a huge personality'
mother-of-two, 44, talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences . she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder after a miscarriage . holdsen has two daughters, nine-year-old Alexa and three year-old Hollie .
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property . she was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner mark conklin on April 17 .
the 30-year-old reality tv star posted a photo to Instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in the hours following Freddie Gray's funeral . over 417,000 followers liked the photo, but it did not escape criticism . just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of criticism with a tweet that read: 'yall are too much. Damned if I do' .
the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network . it comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by
angel di Maria has a new tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm . the 27-year-old has endured a mixed start to his united career . he has been linked with a move away from old trafford as a result .
visitors were challenged to spot the fake among 270 old master paintings . only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited guessed correctly . gallery chief curator xavier bray said it was a 'fascinating experiment'
the 27-year-old won on his return to action in the world triathlon series . he dropped off the leading group after being tripped during the run leg . brownlee's brother missed the event to concentrate on the upcoming triathlon test event in Rio .
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at augusta on sunday . the 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the tournament . he finished joint-second to last year's champion Bubba Watson .
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the west indies . botham and Anderson are the leading wicket-takers in test history . the pair share a stubbornness and a love of the game .
louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year . he has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health . united are seventh in the premier league, their defence was decimated in the summer and the signings of Radamel Falcao and angel di maria have failed to hit the heights they achieved previously .
city fans haven't fully bought into the idea that they could be one of the giants of Europe . celebrity fan Ricky Hatton wants 'the old city back', while rock-God City lover Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans . manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at manchester city .
Leicester city beat west brom 1-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . a late goal from Jamie Vardy secured their survival hopes alive . the striker is the most expensive player ever to come from non-League football .
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for barnet in the 25th minute . the argentine doubled his tally in the 49th minute to secure the win . barnet return to the football league after a two-year absence .
Mauro Vilhete scored a brace as barnet beat gateshead 7-0 . the result sees barnet return to the football league . barnet will face forest green in the semi-final on wednesday .
diddy and mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the mega-fight . the rapper and producer placed the bet in front of a swimming pool . 'Money' mayweather and 'mandy' Pacquiao are set to meet in the ring on saturday .
the 28-year-old has 41 caps for brazil . he recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season . the striker has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the club .
Demetrious Johnson retained his flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi . the american secured the latest submission win in UFC history . 'i didn't want to be stupid and get knocked out,' Johnson said .
Monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week . a second-half arturo Vidal penalty ensured that Juventus travel to the principality on tuesday night . coach Leonardo Jardim insists the french club are within reach of the champions league semi-final .
Toni duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for the three lions this season . the striker has recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year . she is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in canada .
scouts are already working on finalising the club's targets ahead of next season . andriy Yarmolenko is emerging as a realistic target for the club . the 25-year-old is entering the final year of his contract at the white hart lane . but he has also been watched by swansea and paris saint-germain .
psg are weighing up a £15million move for andriy yarmolenko . the french giants have been warned off manchester united's angel di mari . a move for the winger would cost the club around £15m .
Mauricio pochettino's side currently sit sixth in the barclays premier league . but if they miss out on qualifying, they will struggle to attract top players . Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives . the midfielder says the lure of the Europa League was important in his decision to join the club in 2013 .
alastair cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch over the past few months . but in the first test against the west indies, he appears to have overdone it . the picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 .
the old Tiger was ready to play some golf at Augusta this week . the problem with new Tiger is that as desperate as he appears to march on, obstacles line his path, like tree roots . at the ninth, playing out of the Augusta pines, Woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through .
the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz . he was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year . the winger can also play behind the striker .
hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the premier league's top keepers with some fine displays . united are considering a move for the frenchman as fears grow over a David de Gea's future . but spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will demand a sky-high price for the keeper .
organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk, scientists say . this could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life . but organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal . one in every 20 pints of milk bought is now organic .
'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said . the president grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long' 'No. Let's move it along, I got you,' Obama agreed .
mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the us when the entire plane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears . mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly . she pulls a cheeky face as she struts around the room . her father also mimics the pregnant mother's walk in the background .
taxi driver was filmed singing along to a radio broadcast while driving . at first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab . he then begins singing along loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road .
incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from manpur, in central india . ward ran towards leopard brandishing weapon to try and protect fellow villagers . managed to strike leopard twice on head before it retaliated, dumping man to ground .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago . in the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat . he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet .
a prankster burns his friend in a van using a magnifying glass . the plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through it . he then films his friend who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone . moving the camera down, he videos the man’s hand and slowly moves the magnifying . beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles .
a nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up and stood on her own for the first time . Bailey Murrill had been in hospital after she lost all feeling from the waist down and took 11 days to recover . her favorite nurse came to see her after caring for her while she was in hospital . the child's nurse says: 'i told you, just keep that faith'
the clip was created by the Make it Fair Project and presents statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries . 'only' 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role in 2014,' the actresses say . the problem exists even on the stage, with 13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men .
six children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from group . mothers become emotional as they wait to see if their child will recognise them . heart-warming video created to celebrate special bond between mother and child .
the unsettling video was uploaded to youtube last week . it shows a mysterious hairless creature chewing its way through a steel cage . the video has fuelled heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast . some users claim it depicts a mythical 'water monster' from folklore . others claim it is a diseased malaysian bear suffering from alopecia .
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending the world's steepest residential road on their trikes . the three men hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . Baldwin street is 350 metres (1,150 ft) long and is officially recognised by the Guinness book of records as the world’s tallest .
puppy and husky filmed conversing at american kennel club centre . one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound before the other whines . people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog .
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival, Meron Simon . but a crowd of more than 3,000 saw the distance evaporate after he raised his hands in pre-emptive joy . the gesture opened the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second .
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
the footage was captured at a birthday party in china's Sichuan province . placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side are two women who are about to become human weights . three men stand and assist the women before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show .
video shows five-year-old german shepherd struggling to keep eyes open . footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he wakes up . he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving a defeated stretch .
baron the German shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher .
a snowboarder in japan is using a selfie stick to film himself in action . he is seen filming himself on the slopes in the country's Chiisagata district . the snowboarder can be heard making a scream as he falls to the floor .
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend on monday . she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points or 87 per cent . the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times .
arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new watch . the 26-year-old compared his watch to the action show knightrider . he is expected to start for the gunners against the blues on sunday .
the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman . the pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car, according to TMZ .
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points at the ufc 186 in Montreal . the british middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke rockhold last year . he said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night .
smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united . the 25-year-old had been linked with a move to arsenal earlier this season . defender has become a regular for van gaal after struggling for a first-team place .
the pair played for the club together in the late 1970s . the club went bankrupt in the following years . they returned to the club in 2010 with 74-year-old as honorary president .
hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire . the 31-year-old will replace Martin Guptill after he was called up by his country for the test series against England . he will begin his short stint at the club against northamptonshire on may 10 .
allan Donald has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 . the 48-year-old former test paceman will step down after four years . 'the last four years have been the best of my life,' he said .
researchers at the university of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II . they found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to . this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . the research was carried out by toying with a product from their own university - the robot teleoperated robotical surgeon .
'i just felt like this story had to get out,' said a 21-year-old gay man named dustin smith . 'that's what gay guys do on gay sites, don't they?' he said . boehning has represented fargo since 2002 .
born into a family of teachers, Jia Jiang was determined to become an entrepreneur . he dug a hole in the garden, intending to reach america by the shortest route . but he inevitably encountered rejection, mainly from potential backers for his project .
the 32-year-old will step down in distance for the diamond league event . it will be the first time he's competed in 1,500m since 2013 . he broke the european record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds .
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer . the frenchman believes the gunners need a 'top, top-quality striker' . here, sportsmail's Simon Jones analyses the possible options .
Sarah Weatherill, 31, was so dependent on the energy drink she drank 24 cans a day . mother-of-four became lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her habit spiralled out of control . she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . the law student spent £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink . after seeing a hypnotherapist earlier this
each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home in the soDo (South of Downtown) area of the city in Washington state . the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out of court in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald coen rejected his pleas . but all is not lost for the co-creator of Death Row Records, who believes his close friend, the champion boxer, will come to his aid this weekend .
pictures of suge knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries released . he was punched a number of times during deadly confrontation . close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye . court was shown footage of the incident for the first time . judge ruled there was enough evidence for knight to stand trial .
benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute at the DW Stadium . the result leaves 10-man Wigan on the brink of relegation after a dreadful season . latics have James McClean sent off for second bookable offence in injury time .
martyn waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at millwall's david harding . he was one of three players sent off - two for Wigan and one for millwall . Jimmy abdou broke the deadlock with a rare strike with 15 minutes remaining . substitute magaye Gueye scored their second goal in the second half .
petra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine . she set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006 . her flagship beer, St Mungo lager is stocked in 100 branches of waitrose . later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand .
cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers . she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman . police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as debra Fortin .
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds . price as driven: £54,180 .
the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light . the driver, whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones, ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again, police said . officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones' name .
former Chelsea midfielder's £75,000 range Rover stolen from driveway . two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour . Essien left the blues to join italian club AC Milan in January 2014 .
to date, AP McCoy has 4,357 winning memories . to be a jockey is to live a life of denial, early nights, early mornings, water at the bar, long, hot baths to sweat out the weight that lowered his sperm count . his children were born through IVF treatment .
javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for real madrid . the 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at old trafford . but his latest displays have boosted his valuation . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
the striker on loan from Manchester united has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants . ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over . up next for Real is Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night .
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli . a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined .
a 34-year-old man has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death . he allegedly ran a red light on lockwood drive at around 6.3opm and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic . the driver, who also has a history of DUIs in his native Louisiana, is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler . several hours earlier,
Cournswood house is in the south of the county – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean . wartime naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . the current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park .
former 2Day FM co-host has written an open letter to the media . she shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call . in the letter, she asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake . the 33-year-old said she understood the pressure of needing to find 'a new angle' on world events .
one of a number of inaccuracies spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary mantel's books . the codpieces were said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows american audience . 'they're way too small to be accurate – they should be at least double the size,' said an expert .
former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring . the 51-year-old joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton . Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional . he didn't taste defeat until he faced the underrated Michael Watson .
micah Richards' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has been on loan at Serie a side fiorentina . he is set to return to the premier league ahead of next season if he can resurrect his career .
the westham striker is currently overseas with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee as he continues his recovery . however, the 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer . he will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle . the 25-year-old was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday . tributes have poured in for the young man, who had been living in his hometown in the new england region of NSW .
lioness was chasing giraffe in savannah in hwange national park, zimbabwe . but other lionesses were distracted by warthog and chased easier prey . the lone cat eventually locked its teeth on the animal's throat to kill it . dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher, 37-year-old researcher .
the 16-year-old was pictured with former brazil international Ronaldo . the pair were pictured at the club's Valdebebas training complex . Odegaard joined real for £2.3million in January signing a £40,000 a week contract .
the 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion . vanZant is one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok .
Paige VanZant and Felice Herrig face off in the Octagon on saturday . the pair had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown . vanZant, 21, has been hyped as the next big thing under the UFC banner .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . the blues had 70 per cent possession at the etihad stadium . jose mourinho has come under fire for his lack of possession . he is the most wanted player in the premier league .
the 30-year-old was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years . he scored the winner for inverness caledonian thistle in the semi-final . but what can we deduce about the state of Scottish football?
more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester united will win the title next season . but is there a genuine belief that serial winner Louis van gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top again? i love the fact he has set himself this huge challenge of resurrecting a fallen giant at the end of his career . Obviously van Gaal cannot win the same number of trophies Sir Alex Ferguson picked up during his 27 year reign .
teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, posted unhinged post on facebook . she said: 'i don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent...what the "they did it because" reason is... no way is this acceptable. Flipping disgusting' at least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment . but she later changed her mind and deleted it - but not before local attorneys recorded and shared the post .
the standard-issue Chevrolet Express police transport van does not have bolts . bolts are built into the door and don't stick out, according to a Chevrolet spokesman . if the Baltimore Police department customise their own vehicles, they could open themselves up to lawsuits from civil liberties lawyers . gray allegedly broke his neck after falling head-first in a police van on a street side on April 12 .
two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics were involved . the seven-hour operation was likened to a 'military operation' . 'britain’s fattest woman', as she has been described, eats to excess . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways .
pornographic cloud appeared last week in Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin . labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the formation on friday morning .
a photo taken by photographer captures moment one officer threw rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on . video of one intense interaction between rioters and police showed a similar scene, though it's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer . fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie gray . about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire .
some of the more comical adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century . with wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men .
the 31-year-old musician was filmed in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi . the city was seized by the hardline Islamist group ansar al-Sharia in July last year . fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of the city to rubble .
the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing has hit $12 million a year in NSW alone . the state's new Community Services minister said it was a 'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future . he said he was alerted to the fact public housing tenants don't pay a bond when consulting with workers in the field .
new Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex . he has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . on Wednesday a jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s . she told the court she never consented to Hansen
the 23-year-old started out at atletico madrid and is available for £6million . he has been capped at youth level by the spanish giants . the towering midfielder has made 84 appearances for the Serie a club .
former treasurer slams the Abbott government's approach to taxation . he cites a proposed bank deposit tax and a push for a greater contribution from multinational companies . treasurer Joe Hockey laments the fact his Liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the Howard government .
what Jason Holder did in Antigua and Marlon Samuels managed here will do much for the culture Phil Simmons is trying to create . this is an era in which west indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League . it is understandable because of the money that can be made there .
toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her son . she pulled off his ski mask and dragged him home from the riots . miss Graham said she 'lost it' when she saw her son carrying a rock . her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country .
two incidents raise concerns about security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz . first was revealed after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week . ranian patrol boats with country's elite Revolutionary Guards 'harassed' a US-flagged merchant ship called the maersk Kensington as it moved along an established shipping route . just four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands cargo ship, the maersk tigris
former army general Prabowo Subianto privately assured the president there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders were reprieved . it's understood he penned a letter to the president at the weekend in which he said he would come out in support of the decision . this comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed the pair and six other convicted drug traffickers .
undefeated champion claims he is just trying to gain publicity . he dismissed the boxer's comments about being able to 'kill' him in 30 seconds . but he said: 'i don't take that dude seriously' .
the powerwall device is three feet wide and four feet tall . it weighs 220lbs and can be installed either on an outside or inside wall . 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours . this is around a quarter of a home's daily usage . the battery could be in homes by the end of summer .
earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia . in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole . but new techniques are allowing experts to examine the changes like never before .
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture around 40,000 years ago . they found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era . researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought .
couple had saved up for months for sun holiday at the sonesta beach resort . but within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . he has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (ibs), a digestive complaint which can leave him in crippling pain with him sometimes needing the toilet several times an hour .
Manchester united scouts checked on porto striker Jackson Martinez last week . the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer for around £30million . he scored in porto's 3-1 champions league quarter-final win over Bayern .
England women's under 19s beat northern ireland 9-1 at seaview . young lions came from a goal down to win . but defeat to norway could prove costly as they can only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up .
alastair cook's innings into day three was spot on, particularly in the first hour . he left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him . but the ball just lacked pace, and the angle from round the wicket tucked him up .
model, 65, models summer range for high street store . promises to update summer wardrobe with chic colour palette and prints . admits she has never had cosmetic surgery - but hasn't ruled it out .
donatella, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy . she regularly appears in ads for her own design house, Versace, but this is the first time she is modeling for another designer . both designers have been friends for years, first meeting at a Vogue Italia dinner a decade ago .
former two-weight world champion was stopped at Dubai airport . he was accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a new property . the 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities and was unable to leave the uae .
queens park rangers host west brom at the etihad stadium on saturday . the qpr boss claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . he believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the issue .
ex-ole miss star jumped on revelations his boyfriend was arrested in a drugs bust . he tweeted: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend.' he was suspended in 2013 for failing a drug test .
the 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . he was snapped on social media with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’ . it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes .
the serpent-like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday . samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail, were sent to the museum for testing . the fish, which can grow to eleven metres in length, are known to eat sections of their own tail .
chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September . a former business partner of the supermarket accused him of trying to seize money from him . now a court has sentenced him to two years in an Egyptian jail .
Joe Root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for England . the young batsman has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality wicket-taker . Root has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card . he is a natural No 3, where England tried him in australia .
the man, whose nickname is 'Che', was struck by a falling icicle . it caused a blood clot and swelling in his leg which left him unable to walk . he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow . in the video, he burns a scalpel on a torch to make it sterile .
anders Lindegaard married misse beqiri in a romantic beach wedding last year . the pair have been dating since 2012 and have a son together . in five seasons, the 31-year-old has struggled for minutes in the premier league .
the former cycling champion has said the world anti-doping agency and others are 'owed an apology' from him . but director general of the agency, David Howman, said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised . howman initially indicted Armstrong but then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers .
hein Verbruggen has sent the CIRC report to Swiss lawyers . the former head of international cycling is unhappy with the verdict . he rejected a call from current UCI president to resign his honorary presidency .
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea . the german wasn't terrible but did not impact the game enough . he was tidy, nothing more, and he could have been better . but if he did win the game well, it would put pressure on the gunners .
rodgers has killed off Lambert's career and you've got to feel sorry for him . this time last year he was about to play at a world cup but his stock has fallen since . it must have been gutting for him to see Mario Balotelli get another chance .
louis van gaal's side lost 3-0 at home to everton on sunday . the defeat was a reminder that they still have a long way to go . it would be a good idea for united to raid borussia dortmund . daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper's version of carrick .
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer . he has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh football association . the former arsenal man is one of the potential candidates to replace manuel pellegrini .
carles puyol is said to be training ahead of a lucrative end-of-career spell . the 36-year-old retired last may after 15 years at his boyhood club . he struggled to return from a persistent knee injury . reports claim he could join up with former team-mate Xavi in the us .
personal trainer, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand, Jacamo . he is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign . the campaign was shot in palma, majorca .
creepy robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight . they sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene . the creepy machines are the creation of a european consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace .
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan . it was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' .
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of classic chocolate bars, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe . the raw foodie has published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane . 'i always crave something after dinner, so these Twix bars still give me the same satisfaction,' she said .
researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device . called bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need for specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras . the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . it connects to an app on a
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . it connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet . the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as the user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres) the card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko
a pair of heart-shaped glasses belonging to Elton John have been found in a mailbox after they were stolen from the Memphis rock 'n' soul museum last week . the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours . an investigator lifted prints and matched them to Matthew Colvin, who faces up to 12 years in prison .
Korea's SsangYong is launching a new value for money sports utility vehicle . the five-door family runaround is named after the stylish italian town . it is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions .
spoof protein world ad was posted on the london underground last week . it asked: 'Are you beach body ready?' and was branded 'body-shaming' . transport for London are now trying to remove the poster following complaints . internet pranksters have recreated the poster with curvy alternatives .
'laura I have a question for you' was played at the end of the fast and furious 7 trailers . italian-born Fabio, 30, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29 . the pair met while Laura was backpacking around Asia, ending up in australia .
researchers at the university of Arizona found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal 'reaction chamber' in its stomach . when threatened, the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' this behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues .
video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahaas nuzzle her fluffy belly . the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . a note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died .
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas . but he was forced to withdraw due to a shoulder injury . he would be open to travelling to the u.s. to fight the Mexican .
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street before the race . he was unable to remember where he had parked it when he finished . the runner spent hours searching for his car before enlisting the help of a taxi . but he eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the uk . his car has now been found safe and sound by a good samaritan .
marathon runner stretches his muscles in front of spectator's barriers . he gets down on one knee and suddenly produces a ring from behind his back . his girlfriend, Kayleigh, stands back in shock as he beams up at her .
andre Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in 2013 . but he has failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham's belt . the fight in Oakland, california, will be for Smith's super-middleweight title .
the 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out . he has become the third top flight starlet to be caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . the winger has not been fined and will be in the squad for the trip to man city .
the performance of Jimmy Anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer . he did everything right as a bowler, catcher and fielder. it was botham-esque . the key to me in England going one-up was the captaincy and batting of Alastair Cook .
the Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin . the stadium also served as the home of the university of akron's football team, the Zips, for 65 years .
officers searched an noor community centre and a man's home in wembley . businessman leslie cooper, 36, appeared in court charged with murder . another man was arrested over the death of imam Abdul Hadi arwani . police also searched the home of a director at the community centre .
Jessica McCarty was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder . her partner, Christopher Swist, was dating her at the time of the alleged killings . he coached the two oldest children in little league baseball . just 24 hours before their death, he took pictures of them at their latest game .
hector Morejon, 19, was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . his mother, Lucia Morejon was at home when she heard the shots . she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance .
the woman was identified as 25-year-old Alexia Christian . the incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta . eyewitnesses said she must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun .
the prime minister was asked to have a drink by university of technology coach Simon Carradous . it appeared to take him about six seconds to down the schooner . players cheered and chanted 'skol' and 'tony'
american woman bravely holds her rose hair spider up to the camera . the tarantula digs its fangs into her skin and bites her hand . but the spider's owner remains calm and holds her hand still for the spider .
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother . when the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead . but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . the clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path and struggled to regain his balance . eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
baby elephant shows off its playful side by trampling all over its mother . footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo . the 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile .
'catastrophic' injuries consistent with hitting bolt 'in back door of van', sources say . 'no evidence' that he sustained fatal spine injury during arrest . comes hours after police admitted van made previously unreported stop . details picked up by privately-owned security camera and handed to state prosecutor .
a photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo hugging a soft toy bunny . the alpha male was gifted his new friend by a fan in the northern territory . sanctuary manager Chris Barnes attempted to take it off Roger but was met with hostility . '[Roger] will attack anyone that gets too close to him or his women,' he said .
AP McCoy's last ever ride was on box office at Sandown on saturday . he will be a spectator for two days at the Punchestown festival . the jockey will also be attending the wedding of one of his wife's friends .
defender writes his second column for sportsmail with the new MLS season well under way in the us . the 30-year-old discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders . Portland beat Dallas 3-1 for our first victory of the season, which was especially pleasing as my children Luca and Eva were over visiting with my parents .
AP McCoy has won nearly every big race in the calendar . his greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden . he outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks .
lada's 4x4 Niva has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks . it is a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover and also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax) the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud .
Stella, 24, was born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13 . moved around the world thanks to her father's job and started modelling . now splits her time between los angeles and new york .
the custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million . it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . the jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for a single tycoon .
videoed up-close, the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the frozen beef steak and has a taste . Satisfied, it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in . the video was recorded in Auckland, new zealand .
'saige is mad and she's moving on,' says five-year-old girl . her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her .
family at Omaha's Henry Doorley zoo filmed beating their chest at gorilla . but the massive animal decides enough is enough and runs at them . he launches himself and hundreds of pounds at pane of glass with so much force it cracks . the family have fled to safety in the meantime .
Arnold Palmer became the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta National to win the Masters . he holed out for his second of four green jackets on the 18th green . sandy Lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway . but the Scotsman sent his ball into the heart of the green and watched as it caught that famous downslope .
the 79th edition of the Masters takes place at augusta national golf club on sunday . sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the course . nos 20-11 include the likes of seve ballesteros, rory mcilroy and jordan spieth .
Hamilton extends his lead in the formula one world championship to 27 points . the briton won the Bahrain grand prix ahead of his team-mate Nico Rosberg . his victory extends the lead to seven points over the german . it was Hamilton's third win in four races this season .
Lewis Hamilton wins the Chinese grand prix to extend his lead at the top of the drivers' championship . the german is 13 points clear of his team-mate after claiming his fourth victory of his career . he slowed down a few fractions of a second to conserve his tyres before the second round of pit stops .
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke . it was the first country in the middle east to hold a f1 world championship . but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years . sportsmail takes a look back at some of our favourite images .
the Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since . the track layout is also a challenging design, with Herman Tilke ensures he gets his long straight and hairpin turn in . Jacques Villeneuve returned to the grid for the final three races of the season following the dismissal of Jarno Trulli .
Zafar Ansari has been called up to the ODI squad for the clash with Ireland . the 23-year-old graduated from Cambridge with a double first in politics and sociology two years ago . he is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south .
former arsenal flop Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad . the 27-year-old turned up late for training on friday . dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up .
Bournemouth are considering expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner between the South Stand and the East Stand . manager Eddie Howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind one of the goals .
the premier league giants have agreed to a four-game pre-season tour of the united states . they will face club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG . united's shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the far east . the club will play again in the international champions cup .
the blues will play the french side in a friendly in north carolina on July 25 . they will also face the new york red bulls on July 22 and the spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington . all four matches mark Chelsea’s participation in this summer’s pre-season International Champions Cup .
new gingham design presented to supporters at anfield on friday . it is the first offering from US sports brand new balance . 'Hold Nothing Back' was the message as the players unveiled the strip . the 20-year-old rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal at the club last week .
liverpool have become the first club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 season . the reds have had their kit manufactured by Warrior for three seasons . sportsmail picks out its five favourites from the club's golden age .
west ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with umbro . the former england kit makers will supply their kits starting next season . hammers vice-chairman Karren Brady hopes the partnership will herald similar success on the field as they enter the final season at the boleyn ground .
the club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days . the current deal with adidas runs until the end of July . there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed .
stale bread can be revived by running it under water before baking . the trick works because the water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust .
the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS . followed by herpes and then human papilloma Virus (HPV) chlamydia is the most commonly diagnosed STD in the uk . in the us herps was the most popular term, followed by gonorrhea .
Newcastle fans have been encouraged to stand up in protest against owner Mike Ashley's running of the club . fans boycotted last Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to spurs, which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away . now they are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' on saturday .
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the team . he clashed with marlon Samuels during the second test against west indies . but he responded positively to the row after talking to coach Peter Moores .
71-year-old was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past . she married property developer rod weston for the third time yesterday . the couple were greeted by confetti as they left the town hall .
boxing's undisputed world champion will take on pacquiao on saturday . he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew . the mouthguard he will wear will cost $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill .
kaka showed off an 'i belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's 2007 champions league win . he was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes . but i can't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency .
the only black manager in the premier league is a fine coach . if he is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race . but race was why he had to take the job in the first place . black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance .
the 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool . he has been called avaricious, capricious and disloyal and impressionable . his contribution to the club has been mocked and his character has been traduced . sterling has more than two years left on his existing contract .
fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . the formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 . 30,000 of the Manchester hitman's army followed him across the Atlantic and thousands of them turned up for the weigh in .
british boxer Kell Brook will defend his world welterweight title against fellow american Frankie Gavin in new york on may 20 . the fight could never take place at wembley stadium, says his father . 'he keeps shouting about how much the fight is worth but I don't care about the money. for Amir it's more about the big fights and his status in boxing,' says father Shah .
pay-per-view watchers in the us will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 .
Jimmy Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir Ian Botham . 'wouldn't say boo to a goose' says former county captain Warren Hegg . former england batsman was a natural when he was at burnley .
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba . the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the frenchman . a deal would be agreed where the player remains in Turin until next January . sevilla are weighing up a return for winger Jesus Navas .
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and Chelsea . the german has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid . his representatives have spoken to Schalke on a number of occasions . he also has concerns about the strength of his squad .
ander Herrera's form at manchester united has not gone unnoticed at barcelona . the spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old . he has impressed at real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao .
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career . the 34-year-old defender is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . his decision-making is excellent and he waits for the perfect moment to get involved .
arsene wenger's philosophy has made arsenal popular throughout the world . but on sunday, he is up against the ultimate pragmatist - jose mourinho . wenger always aims to win, but he still cares about the brand of football played . the gunners have conceded just two goals in their last six matches .
'if you want to be a top athlete you don't want that in your body' . 'hippy crack' may be legal but it's still a drug . arsenal's arsene wenger changed the attitude completely .
aston villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club . manager Tim Sherwood has invigorated the club and improved performances . villa won the european cup in 1982 and fans have to be realistic .
manuel pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job at city . Patrick Vieira captained the gunners during their time together at highbury . he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act .
'relevo' is a term used by the armed forces to refer to the relief watch . the watch is sent in fresh and ready to relieve whichever servicemen or women have been born the brunt of service for the previous day or days . 'the natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the Academy graduates' .
real madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 . ancelotti has already lost to atletico madrid four times in a season . he is now a black smudge on the club's pristine-white history .
the home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France’s last eight Classique matches . this fixture guarantees ferocity . culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity . but it is also a contest which pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric, ‘is he a fraud/is it a genius?’ coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
IAN LADYMAN reveals what's been making him feel warm this week . defender has been at the forefront of manchester united's resurgence . smalling used to be part of the problem at old trafford, now he's improving .
it's hot or not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week . FC PORTO's slaying of Bayern Munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white . steve davison failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 .
it's hot or not time again as Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week . a Neville takes charge of England and it looks not looking good for the Rickies . the future of test cricket could be in line for a change now that ECB chief Colin Graves is in charge .
the official word from Arsenal is that Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season . he is a product of the fabled Hale End academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . the 23-year-old is on the list of Txiki Begiristain, City's director of football .
Diego Torres's book, 'The Special One - The Secret World of Jose Mourinho', goes a long way to understanding the practices of the former manchester united boss . the alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona start on page 138 . 'when you come on, you do your own thing,' said mourinho .
the latest instalment of the classic managerial match-up is a London derby marathon . once the actual race was run, all roads led to the Emirates and a Sky Sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon . both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews . Thierry ‘as an Arsenal man’ Henry found himself getting mildly bad cop/bad copped .
wembley was a great setting for this weekend's two FA Cup semi-final clashes . the first clash on Saturday between Arsenal and Reading clashed with the big premier league game between Chelsea and Manchester united . 'i don't like semi finals at Wemblee', said the BBC's on-site studio .
'you're getting the hang of this commentary lark,' cooed Martin Tyler . 'Smalling has scored. It's a mauling for City,' said co-commentator Gary Neville . the veteran lip mic man was all over the derby right from the get go .
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool . the former spurs winger was in fine form as pundit for the game . he said he thinks he needs to sign his contract and get on with his football .
gareth bale has said he wants to stay at real madrid . but sources in spain suggest the club could be willing to sell him . the complex politics at the club mean that bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player .
the 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his contract . the effect of that would see his value drop by up to £25million . it is understood he is valued at £50million given his age, talent and potential . but if he had one year left on his current deal that fee would be reduced .
a potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of sterling . liverpool have put a £50million price tag on the 20-year-old if they opt to sell him . the other two will focus on trying to persuade bale to leave real madrid . bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict clubs under financial fair play guidelines .
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in the world . the 19-year-old possesses the same 'wow' factor as world no 1 Rory McIlroy . she plays 18 holes at turnberry, a media day for the Ricoh women's open .
new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport . he flew to south carolina to play his fourth event in a row . but three high-profile players have decided not to play at the event .
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters at augusta on sunday . the 21-year-old won his first major title at the prestigious event . he has a common touch and a depth of sincerity that reached into the heart of every household .
Tiger Woods returned to action at augusta national golf club . he was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . woods hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs .
Nico Rosberg finished second to team-mate Lewis Hamilton in china . the german blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up . his attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton .
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to secure the title . the 21-year-old is the top goalscorer in the eredivisie, without even being PSV's main forward . depay could look for a move to old trafford this summer .
Owen scored a hat-trick in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday on february 14, 1998 . he was the new kid on the block in the premier league . Owen scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the barclays premier league in 1997-98 .
arsene wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league . the gunners have a different feel to their form and performances this time around . they must make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men .
whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank . Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to win the award . de Gea and Kane will have to beat off competition from Hazard .
keeper appeared to congratulate sunderland striker Defoe at half-time . sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul's actions . he said: 'there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship' .
howe is the opposite to Mourinho, says howe . he is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled . the 37-year-old's extrovert assistant, Jason Tindall, provides the instructions and the demands .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley in the premier league on sunday . jack grealish and fabian delph impressed for the hosts . the england international is quick but has a languid style like Steve McManaman .
aston villa host liverpool in the semi-finals of the fa cup on sunday . defending crosses has been the club's Achilles heel this season . the match could be won or lost with individual player duels .
manchester united had four different scorers against city on sunday . angel di mari, marcos rojo, marouane fellaini and ashley young have proved their worth . louis van gaal doesn’t care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance . the only potential problem would be a michael carrick injury .
sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend . from Defoe's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday to Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday evening, there's plenty to choose from .
people have been quick to criticise Mesut Ozil, but he is worth paying to watch when he's at his best . you don't become a real madrid hero or win the world cup without being something special . the german set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history . a few weeks ago i was talking to John Terry and we got round to discussing Eden Hazard .
olivier giroud faces KOLO TOURE/MAMADOU SAKHO on saturday . defenders kolo toure and mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace Martin Skrtel . per mertesacker is expected to start against a fit-again Daniel Sturridge .
carrick has been unappreciated in this country . the 34-year-old keeps the game simple in midfield . if he were manager, that's just what he'd do .
Martin 'Mad Dog' Allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail . the barnet manager talks about how important it is for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . at whatever level it’s always important to have all your players going in one direction .
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at wembley last may . he had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week . there are three big fights coming up in the next two months .
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million . he will fight on July 18 at the manchester arena . promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for £1.5m live on television on tuesday .
richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities . he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . the australian was the voice of cricket for generations and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge .
australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas . it leaves England looking old-fashioned and they need to react . if Roy hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? .
samburgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time . he is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny . the 29-year-old has been playing at flanker since he was 12 .
toulon flanker Steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe in recent seasons . the 'exceptional circumstances' clause could cause major problems for the club game in england . 'it is pure populism to say it is world cup year and we should do anything we can,' says conor o'Shea .
the 23-year-old wing rejected a new deal with the blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17 . the deal is a bold endorsement of Ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider Celtic game, below Test level . ‘it hurts the league,’ said the Australian .
the 'campaign' continues in the premier league when it comes to penalties . chelsea had four appeals for penalties in the first half . but the referee was wrong to award a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball . arsenal had an appeal of their own when the ball span up and caught David Ospina .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women's under 19 championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error . a similar incident happened during a 2006 world cup qualifier . back in 2005, a Japanese ref awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbekistan had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up . this happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be re-play
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2) . but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks . Dann was spot on with two equally tight calls before Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray's finish (3) .
at the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points . they face fellow relegation battlers burnley on saturday . if a player is not being pushed it's easy for them to shift responsibility .
aston villa face spurs at white hart lane on saturday afternoon . manager Tim Sherwood is a passionate man but he can't afford to let things get personal . sherwood was in charge of the youth set-up for years but was still not trusted with the job long-term .
defenders chambers, dier and stones have all enjoyed excellent campaigns . the trio are still 20 and dier is 21 but there are no signs of fear in their games . all three have had a taste of playing at full back at white hart lane .
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in february . the 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland . he feels he owes it to his family to go out at the top .
AP McCoy was presented with the champion jockey trophy by Ian Wright . the 40-year-old is an arsenal fanatic . he had ridden Mr Mole into third place in the bet365 celebration chase .
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on Box Office in his last-ever race . the peerless champion jockey predicted someone will break his multitude of records . he said: 'i just hope I am dead when they do' .
former real madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the second-half . larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery of Kevin Molino . mls star darlington Nagbe proved the Timbers biggest threat .
cause of Causes is owned by his boss, who has ridden him three times before . he was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival and then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month’s meeting .
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring . the jockey has been a dominant force in his sport for 20 years . he has two rides before he retires after a successful career .
AP McCoy has two final rides at Sandown on sunday . the 40-year-old insists he will never return to professional racing . he is adamant his rides on Mr Mole and finally the appropriately named Box Office will be the last in a career .
AP McCoy is retiring after two decades at the top of his sport . the 15-year-old left his home in moneyglass, county Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny . 'it will be emotional in one way and relief in another. I’ll be glad and I will be sorry too' .
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives great advice . gemili says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon . the young british athlete has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's anniversary games this summer .
sportsmail's road to Rio cyclist has been out injured for a year . but she's finally on the verge of a return to regular training . she is in her last week of rehab at the moment, then will transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into her routine .
state-backed giant lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year . it comes after it was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits .
in the corridors of power, Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once again that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one . the only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home .
Bournemouth promoted to second in the premier league on monday . promotion means arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years . the south coast club will start next season behind them by a full 12 letters .
rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and is a scourge of Victorian Britain . it was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning . chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin D supplements .
the 6,825-tonne ferry sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people . most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip . a district court had ordered him to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the ferry . but today an appellate court convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala . a bidding war is set to break out over the argentine . the 'new Lionel Messi' is wanted by manchester united, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG .
theo Walcott believes arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this season . the 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger . gunners drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates stadium on sunday .
Thierry Henry said arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the premier league . he questioned whether they can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack . coquelin insists the gunners legend is worthy of his place in the first team .
arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the emirates in the premier league on sunday . striker Olivier Giroud has scored 18 goals for the gunners this season . the frenchman gets annoyed with people commenting on his hairstyle .
Asiana Airlines flight OZ162 made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway . there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board . the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way . airport closed as a result of the crash and emergency services are at the scene .
fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute . substitute Juan Vargas added a second in the 90th minute to seal a place in the next round of the european second tier cup . DYNAMO KIEV's jeremain lens was sent off shortly before the interval for an apparent dive .
the attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, Bolivia, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . the wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs . some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period .
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers . sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices .
arsenal face burnley at the etihad stadium on saturday in premier league . arsene wenger is keen on signing england international Jack Wilshere . but wenger insists the gunners are not in a position to sell their best players . wenger has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of the game .
the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . it had stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing . scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, meaning ‘strange wing’, may have glided or even flown through the air . the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air, shedding new light
Ravel Morrison has posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account . the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at westham . he has signed a pre-contract agreement with the serie a side ahead of next season .
super sub Yevhen Shakhov nets late winner for dnipro . stalemate took them to 11 without loss since opening game of group stage . australia set record for most Europa League games unbeaten .
snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town . ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse . the pair battle it out on the roof like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo .
defending champions sevilla into the last four of the european competition . keeper beto gave the holders a two-goal lead in the first half . but keeper Kevin Gameiro saved his blushes with a late equaliser .
Jaysh al-Islam - or Army of Islam - 'commands as many as 25,000 loyal fighters' it operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia . 'leaders of the mujahidin' show off array of skills including close-range combat . group is fierce enemy of both al-Qaeda and al-Nusra front, as well as 'jabhat al-nusra'
leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used 825 miles away in Ferguson . the firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence . not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous .
the Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free . the latest results were based on results from results from may 20, 2014 . countries such as north Korea and possibly Cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom .
the show was held at white city tennis club in paddington on tuesday . former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and fitness influencers Sjana Earp and lindy Klim starred .
australian designer akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, while others sported an entire mask of face bling . hours after the show, models backstage at Bondi bather also showcased the sequines .
'i was expected to do everything perfectly. I was never given any leeway, to make a mistake and learn from it,' he told the court of his family's Detroit townhouse . police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search for him also found a blanket, cereal box, drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room . he also said he was forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids 
serena Williams beats italian Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off . the win gives the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series . but the world no 1 struggled to dictate play against an opponent who had never before presented her with serious problems .
wolf spider scuttles across kitchen floor in hallett cove, south australia . man squashes the hairy beast with a broom to get rid of the spider . hundreds of baby spiders come crawling out of the mother and spreading out .
serena Williams beats 12th seed Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the final . the world no 1 claimed her eighth title in 14 years at the florida open . she dedicated the title to her father and paid tribute to her .
puzzled puffin spotted swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month . the bird was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford, near the river . puffin is more commonly seen in Iceland and the north Atlantic . it has been handed to a specialist centre in Dorset to recover .
ISIS jihadis were fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area . several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when doctors refused on grounds they do not support terror group's activities . men were brutally murdered in the northern Iraqi desert . news comes as jihadi reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters .
a preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born . the child's mother is a student at the small school in new concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name . a university police officer called the sheriff’s office at around 9pm on Wednesday after he reported seeing a dead newborn outside the building .
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013 . of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and geyen when he was part of the big brothers organization .
Neymar opened the scoring in the 14th minute with a header from a Dani Alves cross . the result sees Barcelona reach the champions league semi-finals 5-1 on aggregate . it was the first time the two sides have met at the same stage of the competition .
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round . he had not fought in the ufc since 2011 and made a slow start . after dropping his rival to the canvas, he finished the job with his elbows .
'we strongly suspect that there has been underwater activity that does not belong there,' says finnish defence minister . the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades . it comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital Stockholm .
500ft-long submarine caught fire at shipyard in severodvinsk, on white sea . defence sources said weapons and critical elements of nuclear reactor removed . move taken after news agencies said emergency was already over .
tennis star Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in key biscayne . the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to lesia tsurenko . she posed for pictures with fellow Canadian and Olympic medalist Walsh .
serena has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year . the world no 1 is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile . if she wins on Saturday she will have earned £4.33m in prize-money already .
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3 . the result leaves Russia on the brink of reaching the final of the fed cup . it is the first time Russia have reached the final since 2008 .
petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 to send the Czechs into the final . the defending champions have been in four finals in five years . they will face either Germany or Russia in the final in November .
the 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor house in london . the players were dressed to the nines ahead of the awards ceremony . former england striker Harry Kane is nominated for two awards . he is the premier league's second highest goalscorer this season .
the 25-year-old will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on friday . he has lost his place in the starting line-up after being dropped by the england side . his mother, Hazel, taught him to play the guitar as a youngster .
serena Williams defeated camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 to give the us a 1-0 lead . it was the first time the world no 1 has won in a Fed Cup playoff . the winner returns to the world group and can compete for the trophy next year .
gruesome images show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver . his beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria . follows a video released by ISIS which warns 'america will burn' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity .
Gloucester fly-half has won 77 test caps for his country . hook has made just two starts for the england side since the 2011 world cup . the 29-year-old says he is focusing on what he needs to do with club side Gloucester .
Craig Davies scored a brace to ensure his side claimed all three points . Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for the hosts in the 55th minute . Emile Heskey added two assists for the bluebirds in the 73rd .
Novak Djokovic beats Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 to reach the final . the world no 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row . he will face sixth seed Tomas Berdych in the final on sunday .
sickening new video appears to show at least 30 Ethiopian Christians being beheaded . at least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area by militants . 12 others are forced to walk down a beach before they are shot by ISIS . comes after a group of 21 coptic Christians were beheaded on the beach in liya .
the Whole Pantry founder is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped . consumer affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing . it comes after she admitted her terminal cancer may have been 'misdiagnosed'
military leaders in norway are nervous about neighbour's presence on its coastline . fears have once again peaked after three Russian warships spent winter docked inside a closed naval base . Olavsvern Naval Base - buried in mountainous terrain near town of Tromsoe - has been closed since 2009 .
the username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home . investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and 'manic depressive' european regulators warned german aviation authority of inadequacies .
four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments near Grand Valley State university in Michigan . one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt, and the girl is not expected to face charges .
the quarterback updated his facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in plaster casts from head to toe . he had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during the NFL offseason . on his bodycast pic on Wednesday, he wrote: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!'
the hot cross buns used to be eaten all year round until queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them . the move was greeted with uproar, so she compromised, saying they could only be sold on Good Friday, at Christmas and for burials . today supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers, from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon .
insurers dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less . they offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs done mainly by women . costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers . insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who are likely to be male .
the coffee giant is being probed by the european commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills . details emerged about the UK company at the heart of the probe focusing on sweetheart tax deals between Starbucks and the Dutch government .
DelRea Good, 52, of Portage, Indiana was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road . Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. Good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence
alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections . this puts teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism . however, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage .
scientists have used a telescope in the new mexico desert to watch a star take shape over eight years . the first image was taken with the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array in 1996 and the second by an international team led by the national autonomous university of Mexico last year . it shows how the outflow of material from the star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – has dramatically expanded .
'power bar' will be swapped for a fully charged one at any EE shop . customers will be able to spend four hours charging up their phones at home .
artist Joe Joiner, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to asbestos while working at a factory, has created a moving new art installation in tribute . over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the artwork, which is made up of two huge glass boxes . messages are symbolic of microscopic asbestos fibres inhaled by those exposed .
the couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own . the resort is at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic U.S. senator . federal prosecutors charged NEw jersey senator Bob Menendez with corruption in a 14-count indictment . he is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office
a red dodge durango swerves erratically towards the school bus at 8.20am . it crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the median . five of the 36 7th grade pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries . the 44-year-old driver of the SUV, who allegedly had a history of seizures, was trapped inside his car for 20 minutes . he is recovering in a serious condition in hospital .
playboy gun-obsessive forced into making short film to avoid jail . he is accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor . video shows him speaking from a desk in his lavish home . comes after he was released from custody following his arrest .
sex offender, 37, uploaded pictures of himself in australia to facebook . he had been on the run for a year when he was jailed for sexually assaulting two women . had been laying low in Sydney before moving to the country's capital, Canberra . posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality . one of them, The S&M Man, describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus .
party originally planned for Mr Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis, in leaders debates . but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead . he said of 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad .
celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck named eighth best restaurant in the world . dinner by heston Blumenthal at the Mandarin Oriental also scraped into top 25 . uber-talented chef grant Achatz's restaurant, alinea, retains its crown .
Thomas Brock, 30, was shot dead at his home in Pasadena, california . he had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death . brothers Steven and Jacob Rodriguez have been charged with capital murder .
a woman was forced to give birth to her son on the i-65 north in Louisville . she was stuck in traffic behind president obama's motorcade . dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25pm to help the woman .
Phoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz . it has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall . the product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known .
union conference heard that schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english . teachers have warned schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 different languages .
the barbaric terror group released photos showing crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo . the meat being slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption . it is believed the meat was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in the city . instead, the two lorries were stopped by ISIS' religious police force - known as al-hesbah - at a checkpoint in Aleppo province .
the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' takes effect on July 1 . it also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and south Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it . 'this is a horrific procedure,' said spokesman eileen hawley .
Kyle Knox, 23, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands . he failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance . police said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone .
lamb, named Hagrid, was born on a farm in gelston near grantham, Lincolnshire . he is 14inches tall and weighs 25lbs, three times the size of its peers . his owners believe he may be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk .
the 44-year-old actress was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest heist in history' but before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust . 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' ex-fan, angel Guzman explained
the 60-year-old actress said she was first approached by show creator David Chase to play the role of carmela soprano . he agreed with her that she had already done it in goodfellas nine years earlier . bracco starred opposite Ray Liotta in the 1990 film .
author said books by comedian are 'witty and entertaining' but not ambitious enough . 59-year-old novelist singled out walliams' Gangsta Granny for criticism . suggested authors should 'write up for children, not down to them'
the London Mayor has set out his vision of 'moral purpose' in business and politics . he praised the coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain . comments will be seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader .
victims of a man who ran a 'revenge porn' website and then charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information spoke out after he was sentenced to 18 years in state prison . Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . a group of victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures .
shadow chancellor claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes . but he hails today as 'money-back Monday' with tax changes coming into force . predicts a tory government will hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax . lib dem leader says 'economically illiterate' labour's policies are 'dangerous' .
a network source tells daily mail online that the 41-year-old former white house intern would be a 'run away success' on the show . she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President bill Clinton would ever appear on . the multi-host show was created by Walters in 1997 with an original panel of women including Meredith Vieira, Star Jones, Joy Behar and Debbie Matenopou
two horses were found living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around . the other horse was chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby . both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours .
investigators found a tablet computer at his apartment in montabaur, germany . it revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods . also emerged he was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of increased risk of suicide .
'if he's an outsider, I'm a Democrat,' he said in a phone interview . his father, former texas rep. Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans . 'it's like Hillary Clinton running on a platform of email transparency in government,' said an aide to a member of the congressional leadership .
detective Patrick cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the driver known only as Humayun honked his horn . he launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability . the case was transferred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday . his brother, Jean, 17, was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and that police arrested him . dube's ex-husband and the boy's father, germano, has said his sons borrowed their mother's car to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for
house in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by len and beatrice Barnes in 1915 . couple raised their son Gordon and daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the house . they bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died . their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great grandchildren have enjoyed house for last few decades . but Freda died last December, aged 99, and younger family members have now moved away .
defence secretary claims he is willing to weaken defences to win support from the Scottish nationalists . 'we saw in that leadership election just what he would do to get into power,' he said .
Chancellor said labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and national insurance . he insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance . yesterday he stepped up attack on tax by insisting labour was planning to drag nearly one million more people into the 40p tax rate .
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia . originally from north Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography .
the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former new england patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez . the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting fiancee Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back . a joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it . and the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez's car .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to the country . coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis . the coalition now controls the country's ports and air space .
police released images of boobesh palani lying in his hospital bed . his identity was unknown at the time he was rescued from the harbour . two teenage girls risked their lives to rescue a drowned man . a fisherman heard the man's screams and returned as he dropped his phone .
marina Lyons, 80, took her pet dog to the PDSA petaid hospital in huddersfield . the operation to remove her spleen was successful three weeks ago . but when she returned home she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back . not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when the burns were discovered . it is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during recovery .
prime minister visited Sacred Heart RC primary school near bolton . he wanted to see children who get poor SATs results forced to resit them in secondary school . youngster pulled a series of funny faces as he read a story about 'Prince Ronald'
sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his wife, Smita Haval, 38, and their two sons, aged six and 10, before turning the gun on himself . the bodies were found in separate rooms at the family's home in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on wednesday . officers conducted a welfare check on the mother after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .
biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion . customers as young as 23 try to cash in retirement savings . pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how radical changes worked . over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots . but they are now forced to buy a regular pension income for life .
police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair . the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . police recovered a substantial quantity of marijuana and cocaine .
'remediation costs' wiped out 61% of profits between 2011 and 2014 . banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers . another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including barclays, royal bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets .
a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly . the procedure, called a sacrohysteropexy, is rare, with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years .
two weeks ago the pm let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his home in his constituency . this weekend it was the no 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote . tonight you can see the downing street kitchen all over again as they once again gather round the breakfast table .
researchers from the paleo-logic independent institute of geosciences say a bone found in Slovenia is not an instrument at all . instead, he says it is chewed by a hyena and left in a cave . findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
residents of Kawasaki carry phalluses of all different sizes during festival . participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and sexually transmitted infections . Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus, it is held every spring at phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine .
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines . features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) only visible from further away . combination pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .
nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 . a rare moment of drama came when a female audience member briefly interrupted Cameron to complain about the number of homeless people sleeping in the streets . but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or the labour party's Ed Miliband who takes the top job .
mother-of-one Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years . she spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . accumulated so many products she gives them away to friends . among the hoard of products are 20 bottles of mouthwash and 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo, and stacks of dog and cat food .
researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . using a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG), it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our television screens . if the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website .
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face . she was dragged along a suburban street in casula, south-west of Sydney . one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident . police are searching for others they believe were involved .
self-made multi-millionaire bought property off-plan in park circus in 2011 . she paid £780,700 for duplex and had extensive works done before moving in . five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, is worth £1million . it boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1m . the then-couple bought site in 2008 and built 'Telperion' in 2010 .
self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in one of London's most historic monuments . they mounted admiralty arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the mall, and called for others to join them . banners bearing messages such as 'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building .
the self-proclaimed kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the abduction of denise Huskins says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity . this comes just one day after the individuals demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax . the kidnappers wrote in another email that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life' this comes
defence minister says there has been no alien breach of japan's airspace . he told parliament that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way .
50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back . the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added . Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike . she has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent .
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November believing she would get playing time . but she was benched first two tournaments of the season and told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team . she chose to transfer teams and found another club, NV Premier, who wanted her but the league cried foul and said no to a transfer . her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about 'playing'
10-year-old boy shot in stomach by stray bullet intended for aggressive dog . he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery . mayor of centre point, Alabama, said there shouldn't be any guns being shot .
the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts . but experts say what type of food and where you drop it does come into play . dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta .
the girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working . she found stickers and letters from Alcorn in the girl’s school binder, plus two letters the girl wrote to Alcorn with three headings: 'Things Ms. Alcorn and I can do,' ''what we can do' and 'when we do it' the girl told police she and Alcorn kept their relationship secret and, among other
NBC sketch show parodied daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when there was no footage for stories they were covering . but the network managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the crash of the germanwings jet and domestic politics .
the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing him . the kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom .
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook . he was last seen leaving a campsite in lake eildon at 9.30am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . his family say he may not even be aware he is lost .
popular street artist is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year . left behind four murals - including an image depicting the Greek goddess . painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on door that formed last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza . unaware that Banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds, he said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100 .
hotel owner hopes to cash in on the craze in the hit film . he plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons . food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package .
summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five underage male students . the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sexual offender for life . if she had been convicted at trial, she would have faced 13 years in prison .
wet and cloudy weather was to blame in Sydney, where the Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm . 'our live feed from Griffith Observatory is showing gorgeous totality pink!' observatory staff wrote on twitter at about 11pm, accompanying a picture of equipment showing off the bright pink moon . Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions .
dark.cyanide scales some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges . many of the 18-year-old's vertigo-inducing images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below . he describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing the city because it is huge and constantly changing 
genes for good was set up by biostatisticians from the university of Michigan . it was designed to survey the health of millions of social network users . users can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . the app is available for free from facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us . participants can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal link in the app .
sailor Louis Jordan, 37, was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras . a coast guard helicopter crew from north Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted him to a hospital in Norfolk, virginia . his family said he sailed out of a marina in conway, south carolina, on January 23, and hadn't been heard from since .
around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . of those, 470 dogs died . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning . chocolate is particularly toxic .
victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards were entrusted to her . but she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day . 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 . victim, 98, said he felt angry and betrayed by stoneman at court .
one-year-old wombat has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo . she has moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last year .
the network has asked big bang theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites . new Muppets TV content hasn't been since since the show ended in 1998, though old episodes have been re-run extensively .
the £38 Jessica range is a first on the larger bra market . features removable cookies (light foam pads) to give ample bosoms the option of extra volume . comes in a range of sizes from a 28D right through to a 38HH .
former footballer launched scathing attack on the head of Ukip last night . came after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head . polls showed 40 per cent of voters think David Cameron is 'most capable' of leading the country, while others backed Nicola Sturgeon and others putting Ed Miliband ahead .
fisticuffs broke out at a bar opening at Resorts world casino in queens, new york . four people were arrested and will be charged in due course .
the first lady and Jimmy fallon performed a follow-up routine to a routine they first did in 2013 . the routine was called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 . at the end of the routine, fallon pulled a silly move he called the 'barack Obama'
the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into Bergdahl's activities . the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of his computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan .
the european commission is asking companies who filed confidential complaints against the search engine for permission to publish them . if found to have been behaving unfairly, google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion .
the total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night . it will be visible in the skies of north America, Asia and australia . the sight is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28 . according to one pastor, the sight suggests a world-changing event, such as the return of Christ .
the Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with black and green paint . the vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, the Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night . Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 .
the identity of over 4,726 individuals, who illegally uploaded the film online, will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC . this includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses . internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling .
half of french 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk - compared to 33 per cent ten years ago . the rise in binging is particularly high among young women, soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005, to three times that number by 2015 .
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the proposal . normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred . as part of its 'green' efforts, the party announced a £100million 'prize' for car companies who build the first ultra low emissions vehicle .
research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils . 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014 . some 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil .
Maxwell Morton, 16, charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old Ryan Mangan at his home in Jeannette, Pennsylvania . the defense attorney doesn't deny that the killing was an accident . he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye . police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger .
big brother star and glamour model unveils summer collection with honeyz.com . full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses . says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a 'dream come true'
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched violent attack on fiona McCartney, 43 . she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood . heatlie claims to have helped train the singer before her 2009 tour . but she is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened .
14 of the UK's top cake artists created the incredibly detailed creations as part of a feature for Cake Masters magazine . each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . inspired by the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge which were famously gifted to figures including the tsars .
57-year-old arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of his second daughter . police are investigating whether her birth and that of her sister were ever registered . it is also alleged that they did not attend school . he was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner had overstayed her visa .
jihadist amedy coulibaly stormed into hyper cacher, killing four and taking others captive . he was shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces . six hostages have sued french media for broadcasting their location live . lawyers say images 'lacked most basic precautions' and endangered those still alive .
five men killed as they tried to escape from police van in southern india . one of them 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and try to escape' one of the 17 officers guarding the truck was left with minor injuries . incident comes two days after a gun battle in the same state left two dead .
Raymond Frolander, 18, was beaten unconscious by his son's father in daytona beach . after his arrest, police released mugshot, which saw him in bloodied state . photo was quickly shared thousands of times online and sentenced to 25 years . pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of victim younger than 12 .
the one-year-old orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo, in Ohio, 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth . he was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a relationship with him either . in a final attempt to find a parent for Kecil, the ape was handed over to Maggie, 53, who has already raised four of her own children and
pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on monday night . severe winds foiled two landing attempts at the airport, where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm . passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive . police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers started 'kicking off', according to one witness . officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to dise
diwalinen vankar, 58, fought off 13ft crocodile with washing paddle . she had gone with her 19-year-old daughter to wash their clothes in west india . the mugger croc grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river . vankar grabbed daughter's hand to try and free her from its clutches . but the crocedile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter .
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 to reach the Miami Open final . the world no 4 will face his growing nemesis, Novak Djokovic . it will be Murray’s first Masters level final since he won the title in 2013 .
blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a lamp post . it usually takes between one to two weeks for the female to lay her eggs . a female usually builds the nest by herself with very little help from the male .
the queen was just eight when she first attended the service in 1935 . it would be another 18 years before her coronation . today, she gave out maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition .
beatrize carrion-Moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card . when officers tried to place the suspect in their patrol car, she kicked out and struck one of them multiple times . she was released from prison on sunday after posting a $6,000 bond .
a warrant has been issued for Xiangnan Li, 23, the boyfriend of 20-year-old tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at the university of Iowa . he was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive . tong's body was found in the trunk of her Toyota camry in september 2014 .
Haley and Kev Mulholland still share a house in bristol . mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and sniffs him . 'i might not want Kev, but i don’t want anyone else to have him either,' she said .
Gloucester no 8 has not played since breaking his left leg in early January . but the signs suggest he is on course to feature for England at the forthcoming world cup . the 26-year-old scored two tries during their victory over australia five months ago .
the organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to 'seed' alien life on Earth . they test positive for DNA, and have masses six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height . he announced the discovery in an email to his students at Sheffield university, who posted it on reddit .
rotting remains of Jose Alberto, 58, discovered by neighbours in eastern argentina . prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow .
11 percent of computer scientists in higher education haven't had sex . physicists, dentists, law, chemistry, engineering and medicine are still virgins . students enrolled in arts subjects like history and english are more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university .
Steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in October last year . he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen . when arrested, he told police officers that he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls .
a 26-year-old woman at a redford, michigan office secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall and then returned to her seat to resume her duties . police found a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk . the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital, where the child was pronounced dead .
a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing some of these 'awful' that things parents do to their children . #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction .
45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists performed 27-hour operation . man, 45, had suffered arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years . condition caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech . he underwent the 'world's most complex' face transplant to date .
the inscriptions were found at the former chalk quarry in Naours, northern France . they were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare . one inscription reads: 'James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.' the date next to it - April 1, 1917 - roots it in the horrors of the war .
half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat . a fifth of girls under 11 confess to having even tried diets .
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family . its makers boast: 'your friends will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating' anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality .
opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, the largest independent oil company on the west coast, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s . it became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman . Harris K. Telemacher stopped to fill up with lover Sara McDowel (victoria Tennant) before attending a fundraising event .
satellite TV operator DirecTV is ending its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast . the cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's national advertising division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated .
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs . officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown 'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg .
the hospital of dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago . today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition .
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the . Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age . the species was much bigger and taller than Lucy's, with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands .
modern humans have been blamed for killing off the ancient Neanderthals . but new research suggests they suffered from a wide range of diseases . these include tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold . it has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped them out .
clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years . doctors told her she had to have it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant . one week before she was due to have surgery, she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive . she went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son . seven weeks after the birth, she flew back to her home in the uk to finally undergo surgery to remove the tumour .
sumo salad chain has dropped celebrity chef Pete Evans as a celebrity ambassador . this comes after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns . the food chain maintains that the decision to not renew his contract was made a long time ago .
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton . after shooting her twice, he laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . 'on a desk within (Eldemire's bedroom) is a two-page (suicide) note written by him,' read the report .
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago . but they are still far from knowing how it appeared . now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms .
facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty . first official guide was published in Paris in 1710, outlining the routine of Ninon de L'Enclose . two centuries later, Sanford Bennett released his book, Exercising In Bed, which gave away his facial secrets .
the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall . but after reading their congratulations notices, they realized they would have to agree to spend their entire first year taking online classes . the classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (paCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students .
widower says his wife was 'delirious and spaced out' following the birth . she died after complications arose with the birth of their son wesley . he was called to the hospital at 3.45am on January 28, 2014 . miss Nelson had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am .
the dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp . when connected to the bridge, it can also be synced to music, films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood . it uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge . the lamp will cost $100 when it goes on sale in June .
the university of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university . the university initially balked at revealing the actor's fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency . 'the university has concluded its business with CTI and, therefore, is no longer bound by its confidentiality agreement,' the university said .
despite thousands of foreign fighters joining the sunni extremist group, ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late dictator's military . a former rebel who became an ISIS regional commander said he found that almost all of the highly secretive officials overseeing all aspects of the terror group's day-to-day business were ex-saddam Hussein's Baathist army . one of the most prominent former Iraqi Army generals within ISIS was Abu Muslim
Scott Suggs, 28, and brandy Kangas, 36, locked children in room for 24 hours a day . room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade gate . children, aged three and four, appeared to have been fed through it . parents pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect on monday . handed six-year suspended sentence, 10 years of 'good behavior' and indefinite supervised probation .
ISIS enters Yarmouk camp as Jordan closes only functioning border crossing . militants reportedly entered camp from nearby Hajar Aswad in southern damascus . jihadis can potentially use camp as a base from which to challenge Assad himself .
chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would take newborn babies from their mother's arms seconds after they were born and hand them to adoptive parents . the babies were driven to their new homes, sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly . most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives . they have joined together to form a group called gertie's Babies who have been using DNA to trace their biological families .
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years . he has three a-levels and 10 GCSEs, but has not even been called for interview . has spent time teaching in south africa, Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
faith and Hope Howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . they died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in western Sydney . family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues, flowers, pebbles and toys over the past 11 months . when they arrived on Thursday, everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers .
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the fundamentalist Mormon sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago . a judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm on tuesday, but when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen . at midnight, they returned and were shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm's home where they have been living .
clare goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her seven-year-old daughter but not herself . she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces . profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and remained flat for 2013 .
a family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them . the man was in a car filled with young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them and drove off . several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward . she shared her account of the incident on facebook
male leads are dressing up in breeches, leather and chain metal for their art . shows such as Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and game of tv are asking them to get down and dirty . aidan Turner is leading the way as captain Ross poldark in the show .
bikram Choudhury, 69, has spoken out for the first time since six women accused him of unwanted sexual advances . 'the answer is I feel sorry for them... They're entranced by somebody - lawyers,' he said as he spoke to CNN . his name is attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries .
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair . the trend can be traced back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week .
#NotAnAprilFools sparked a furious response from twitter users . images show a wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys . females offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms .
state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman . many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in an nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird .
the 16-year-old made his pre-season test debut at the Oschersleben circuit . but he was pictured accidentally driving through gravel by the side of the track . the protege was racing through the Lausitzring speedway in march . he skidded out of control and onto gravel - but the accident was minor .
police in Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home . the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-years-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw . so far only Mrs Peppelman's death has been classified as a homicide, suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide .
within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market .
the video was shot while travelling from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes . he picked up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site kijiji . the traveller then attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey .
the fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away . there are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day . workers at the facility, which makes a range of appliances, had been evacuated and sent home . the cause of the fire, which began around 7am, is not yet known .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today instead of tomorrow . drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas and new year's day because they both fell on a Thursday . religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of Christianity .
8.1million people on average have watched each episode of the period drama . it follows swoon-worthy captain Ross Poldark after he returns from the american war of independence .
french military said the rescue of Sjaak Rijke took place at 5am today . french president said some militants were killed and others captured . but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time .
sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday . a staggering 54 million hot cross buns and 2,900 tonnes of chocolate will be consumed over the weekend . FEMAIL have asked the experts to advise which tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods .
university of Minnesota student, 22, vanished from a bar in the early hours of friday . she was last seen walking alone on the 10th avenue bridge, 110ft above the river . police have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge . a body was recovered on wednesday - five days after she died .
the 26-year-old oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots . she donned a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick .
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the tories . he claimed he was joining the party after becoming 'disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area . but it later emerged that he had already been sacked from the party last week . tories said they were already selecting a new candidate for this constituency .
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit . the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . 'the idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can,' said Detroit native Courtney Henriette .
Lindsey Walker, from darlington, booked in for an overnight stay at the hotel . she and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door . at 4am, to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below, the family decided to sit in the reception rather than attempt sleep . the wall in her room had a deep hole in one of the panels .
at her heaviest, Amber Rachdi weighed 46st (657lb) - the same as the average adult woman . by the age of five, she was virtually housebound and in constant pain . she was warned that she would be dead by age of 30 . but she made a change and has since lost 20st in a year . despite her hefty frame, she says she has always eaten healthily .
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago . she told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending him online . he said he wanted to marry her and move to be with her and his seven-year-old daughter . after a few weeks of friendly conversations with Heinrich, he told her 
mother-of-two piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . she reached a worrying 20st 3lb and worried her husband wouldn't see her as the 'sexy' woman he married . after giving birth to her children, she worried her size was causing her to look like a man . but after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions, she has now shrunk down to a slinky size eight .
researchers found the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California . the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in . it is the deepest life has yet been found beneath the ocean floor .
a nine-year-old girl has died in a horrific car crash near doyalson in new south wales . she was travelling with her two brothers, aged nine and 12, when the accident happened . their holden astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . all three siblings were sitting in the back of the car at the time of the crash .
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the labor department said in its monthly report Friday . a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash consumer spending .
archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up and beauty tools in graves from bygone times . the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk baths and used rose petals to leave her skin smelling sweet . ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime .
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . that same year, he had sext with a woman too inebriated to give her consent . prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life . the decision to give Williams
ally Lees, of alfie bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the three-foot dish . it contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily intake for a man . omelette was made to order using 150 fresh eggs - and contains 12,000 calories . ally says it would take more than five people to eat it .
'military mistress' Bobbi Ann Finley, 39, and her husband, 27-year-old Zacherie House, are wanted by police for check fraud . they were last seen making a fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at atwoods, a farm and ranch chain store in western oregon . the purchases started in early march, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma .
the country is due to repay a £330million loan to the international monetary fund on Thursday . but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment . Deputy finance minister Dimitris mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time .
wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends . the trend has made a comeback since the seventies . lou tried the trend out with a Stella McCartney flared jean .
federal MP for Kennedy, is of lebanese descent . he said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties . said the government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence and withholding his criminal history .
detective Patrick cherry is assigned to the joint terrorism task force . he launched a tirade after the driver hooted at him in west village, new york . passengers in the car can be heard assuring the driver he has done nothing wrong . the driver, known only as Humayun, tried to apologise to detective cherry .
three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a lawsuit last week . they allege the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs . employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries .
the western esplanade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the tv comedy Stella Street . 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of the promenade in Hove . the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury .
denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday afternoon when they passed three men in a Cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window . the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . no other connection between Ms Berry and the occupants of the car had been found .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name . that compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when it was the 147th most popular in the country .
hotelier, 37, paid for bath to be fitted in the home of his girlfriend, 29 . bath contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate and 1.3 million calories . bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time and is now available to buy . has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth .
Kris Wardle, who lives in Leicester, thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 . but less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark . 'if she smiled, the room would just light up,' said Kris .
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show . the model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing .
governor said he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent . the order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use . it also directs local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping .
workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user, dubbed her ‘Miss Bonkers’, and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks . miss Lokhova, 33, won her legal claim that she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role . she said her reputation was ‘shredded’ by the taunts and slurs .
the former big issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs . but despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, north london .
a health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously . 19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough . but parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there . infectious diseases expert Professor Matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend .
scientists at the university of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . the research was conducted in the journal of neuroscience and published in the . journal of neuroscience .
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions . he was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges . the HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes .
siobahn O'Dell, 17, from north carolina, had applied to the prestigious college . but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . she refused to take no for an answer and wrote back, rejecting the letter .
reality star starred in season 12 of bad girls club: Chicago . no cause of death has been released . she is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister .
single-mum's visa application was rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system', according to the Immigration Department . 'it's like, i'm pleading for our life, for Tyrone's future,' she said . Queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government .
the group of hand-picked teenagers were disbanded shortly after the death of his father in the north's capital Pyongyang in 2011 . now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role . the previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s .
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . the elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens .
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at 20 weeks . scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida . she was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra hospital . her parents contacted angel gowns to help them create a dress from her wedding gown to bury her in . 'this is as close as she will get to that,' said the mother .
matsuko Deluxe's robotic clone made its on-screen debut at the weekend . the late-night tv personality shared the stage with his 'matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night .
pm took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with leader . but he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during debate . he played down idea of physical violence, telling reporters: 'it was a joke'
four out of ten people betting on the grand national make their choice purely down to the name of the horse . a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv every year . 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance opposed to 47-per cent of men who try to study form .
the human rights commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's gym . rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey . 'you really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said the 75-year-old tenant .
two self-styled intelligence experts set out to discover clever people in the 1930s . they published a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for the general public . now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests .
mehmet selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage by extremists . they uploaded chilling images of him with a gun pointed at his head to social media . access to twitter, facebook and YouTube was re-established yesterday . social media sites agreed to remove images of deadly siege . but turkey has since threatened to block access to google unless images are removed from search function .
the FBI said on Wednesday that Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the al Qaeda-linked jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead . the reward offered by the US state department for the arrest of bin Hire, who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines, was $5million . bin . Hir no longer appears on the most wanted . terrorist list on the FBI's website .
labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts for 12 weeks . he said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . labour will give workers right to demand 'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months .
Jennifer Barnett worked at archway school in Stroud between 1980 and 1997 . the 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . her husband, Nigel, told an inquest his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s . coroner recorded verdict of death as a result of industrial disease .
the 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia .
a match review committee will 'look very closely' at players' behaviour . James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney on friday . the two forwards could have their charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary, with the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five .
a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter . the infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering 'several injuries' neighbours described the couple as 'friendly' and said they 'kept to themselves'
the novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 1334 . the book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels .
new radar images from the european satellite have revealed the aftermath of the 25 April earthquake . each 'fringe' of colour represents about 3cm of deformation . to the north of Kathmandu, the interferogram suggests that the ground receded and a fault ruptured east from the epicentre but did not break the surface .
mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel . she was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to 'over 18s only' . 'i physically couldn't manage it on the stools in there,' she says .
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour . the 39-year-old is almost ready to leave hospital after undergoing surgery . he and his wife tried to claim for financial support to adapt their home . but because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant .
at 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America . with the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, weaver became the world's oldest person . she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .
average cost of a property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in the uk . the seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759 . this is more than the average in some of the country's most expensive cities .
father-of-two Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, was jailed for two years . he punched his former friend in the jaw and left him with a fractured skull . the pair fell out over a debt of £300 after he borrowed the money . court heard the pair had a 'long-running' feud and he wanted to 'sort it out'
it was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man . but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium . the major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spine
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka peninsula in Russia . his friend Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him . after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012 .
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion . she refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later .
the daxing internet addiction treatment centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients . it claims to have ‘cured’ 75 per cent of them . the centre is regarded as china’s leading expert in wangyin, or internet addiction, which affects 24 million internet users .
the first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in 2010 . at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong . but amid falling sales and a new generation of alternatives, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered .
'my son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' said governor asa hutchinson . 'i love and respect my father very much, but sometimes we have political disagreements, just as many families do,' he said . the bill was passed by both houses of the state legislature . critics say it better protected the rights of gays and lesbians .
gang targeted couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire . verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . she tried to cry out for help but the men had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money . they continued to demand more money before hitting her twice with a
the child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in dumont, new jersey on march 6 . he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' after beating him . an aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?' she confiscated a note he passed to his opponent but told him not to open it until later .
71-year-old awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california . he was arrested on march 14 on charges of illegal gun possession . his lawyers were expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching his hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . however, as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared .
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago, the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
four mini solid chocolate eggs equate to 550 kilojules . a 67-kilogram woman would need to vigorously walk for 40 minutes . men weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes. ladies you'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off .
crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued those on board . the captain of the now submerged ship 'started applauding and cheering' . anti-poaching activists say it is 'very unusual behaviour' and evidence he deliberately sank his own vessel .
the church of england’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°C spring water to power a modern heating system . engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day . they hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey .
Milos Zeman has been criticised over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow . he said he wanted to honour Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives in world war ii . but ambassador Andrew Schapiro said it would be 'unfortunate' for him to be there .
homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more - or £38,831 . but having a budget store such as an aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could sell for less . house prices in postal districts with chain supermarkets nearby cost £354,378 .
staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours . from 5pm on Sunday until almost the same time the next day, the page was flooded with adult cartoons . the images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked in January .
mother-of-four suffered cardiac arrest at scandal-hit hospital in december . her death came just months after three babies and one mother died . today her partner and his sister call for action to prevent further tragedies . they have been left to care for three-month-old daughter poppy .
the most reverend Justin welby said the dead were 'martyrs' in sermon . he said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development . the archbishop said their faith meant the martyrs would defeat evil .
single mother of two Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, loves all night parties . adores gay clubs and regularly leaves in the early hours of the morning . admits that proffering a bus pass while 'stinking of vodka' can be embarrassing .
urinating in in-laws' cups of tea for more than a year was caught red-handed . rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at home in india . she was unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . after moving back in, parents-in-law found out about the arrangement .
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex . he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data . the officer has been with the force for ten years .
the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage, starring in a west end production of David Mamet’s Speed the Plow . ‘[London] feels like home, I miss it every time I have to leave for work and can’t wait to get back,’ she told Homme Style magazine .
'it doesn't mean that I love them any less,' said a shop employee at a flower shop in Jeff Davis County, georgia . the pizzeria in Walkerton, Indiana, is the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state . several shop owners in her county, named for the president of the confederacy, said that they would like their own state to let them legally deny service for gay weddings .
photographer John Massung was flying over south florida last week when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of shark never ended . a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene . since he wasn't certain what kind of shark was gathering south of the inlet, Massung posted the photos to the Indian River by Air Facebook page to see if any
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone . they included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen . a Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed .
11 former teachers, a principal and other administrators were convicted of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams . they were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses . however the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy,
Joni Mitchell has suffered from Morgellons disease throughout her life, and has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow . the disease is incredibly rare and affects predominantly middle-aged white women . Mitchell is in the hospital after being found unconscious at her home .
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . he was found dead at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about' among the items recovered from the room were a computer, 
former IRS official Lois Lerner refused a subpoena to testify voluntarily about her role in the tax-exempt status scandal . the house oversight and government reform committee had referred the case to the justice department after it was approved . on his last day in office, the u.s. attorney told house speaker John Boehner that Lerner could wrap herself in the constitution's Fifth Amendment .
fire started in a service tunnel carrying electrical cables yesterday . more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated due to the blaze . blaze has not been put out entirely and firefighters still do not know cause . 35 firefighters and police officers remain at Kingsway service tunnel .
six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach in 2013 . her parents had been reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 amid concerns of alcohol abuse, domestic violence and child neglect . a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information .
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, seven, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse . she claims the seven-year-old has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave house . a psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added .
labour leader admits he 'blubbed' during the film about the 1984 miners' strike . the film is a nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century history . it centres on a group of gays and lesbians who travel to south Wales to show solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers .
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from carnation, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . in an attempt to spare his life, he told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne and Judy Anderson, their son and daughter-in-law Scott and
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign . gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early . the couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire .
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she ballooned to 17st . she became trapped in the turnstiles of the Alice and Wonderland ride . the mother-of-one was left red faced after the embarrassing incident . after losing 7st in as many months she began to eat healthily . now weighs just over 10st and has started a new relationship .
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway in the highlands . they had arranged a secret visit using their light aircraft to see family . but when they failed to turn up at the island's airstrip, a search party was scrambled . wreckage of the plane and the couple's bodies were found in hills in Argyll .
the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at augusta national . he said on his website: 'it's obviously very important to me, and i want to be there' woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines .
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage . the company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1 . it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour .
high-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant are virtually unheard of . 'all workplaces are adapting and that includes the white house,' said Obama legislative director Katie Beirne Fallon .
jess Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy . but in her final weeks - the most 'difficult' weeks of her fight - she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner says . 'this year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life,' he said .
man caught leaning out sliding door of van as it hurtled down motorway . appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues as he hung body . incident, which police are investigating, is believed to have gone on for five minutes . his boss has called the man in for disciplinary hearing tomorrow .
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy at 76 . since then he and his wife Claire have had a second child, Poppy . to prevent jealousy equal attention is essential, he says .
'with different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she told Glenn Beck . 'california is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology. it’s a tragedy,' Fiorina, a one-time California senator, said .
four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett at gosford's Australian Reptile Park, north of Sydney . it is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake . 'It can kill a full grown elephant,' said mr collett .
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after the crash . she had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit . her life-changing injuries included a fractured spine and pelvis . judge branded the drunk-driver's driving 'madness' and jailed him for two years .
Gigi, 19, took inspiration from Keeping up with the Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback, particularly on social media . 'from Kendall i learned what to do and when to back off,' she said . former victoria's secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona .
the sisters have teamed up with 'Print All Over Me' and 'buffalo shoes' . 'how two live' sisters have over 111,000 followers on instagram .
beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together during the 30th annual Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend . it was the first time they performed together since appearing during the halftime show at the super bowl in 2013 in new orleans . the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child .
governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began . the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .
the 51-year-old vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens . he personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000 .
driver tried to overtake lorry on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury . gambled on passing at a set of traffic lights but miscalculated and lost control . swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost . the car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes . dramatic moment was captured on dash cam fitted to the cab of driver .
new film tells the story of how a young woman went half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars . it was claimed that Takako Konishi believed the film fargo was real when she was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of Minnesota . but it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak english .
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in queens, new york on tuesday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack . they were friends with the one-time editor of al Qaeda magazine Inspire, who was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen . the informant says she boasted about the poem she had published under the name 'Murdiyyah' and that the same name was connected to a Facebook account associated with
the bgt judge will host a new series on ITV highlighting the plight of the animals arriving at the centre in Birmingham . on give a pet a home, she will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals .
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual . budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average american high schooler .
atif Saeed, 38, was in the city's safari park when he spotted the lion . armed only with a camera, he fired off a few frames before retreating . the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the hungry lion to his presence .
mensa was formed by australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in 1946 . more than 121,000 people worldwide are members of the elite society . a top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join Mensa . the tests are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning .
the tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world . but every summer, the creme de la creme of the fashion world, celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys converge of the beach . from Colombian singer Shakira to playboy and playboy Giuseppe Cipriani - the man behind the glamorous Cipiani restaurants dotted around world's most stylish cities - to these shores?
nine members of same family arrested in turkey - including son of a labour councillor . they are expected to return to the uk from turkey this week . outspoken candidate said it was 'unacceptable' they should return .
Graeme Oxby documented dedicated fans at some of Europe's biggest tributes to the King . the 50-year-old even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England' he said most of the impersonators were older, but some children were also involved .
terror group will imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer . those who fail will be forced to take an 'islamic course' at the end of their prison term, they will be made to take a test .
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier . he said that Russia needed new 'megaweapons' to unleash chaos . said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is 'moving to the borders or Russia'
a 24-year-old man is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself . his body was discovered alongside his father Greg McNaughton’s near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday . in February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police . he posted a photo of the license on the social media site he wrote: ‘
researchers at the Okinawa institute of science and technology graduate university (OIST) in Japan have found a similar pattern in two places - skin cells and fairy circles in the Namibian desert . they used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries . the majority of skin cells had six 'neighbours', and similar percentages were found in fairy circles .
department store has knocked £250 off 9ft pre-lit peardrop with 500 lights . a 64cm high 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack' is now £17.50 . there are now 108 items priced at £5 or less and 36 will set you back less than £2 .
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in western australia . the move was reportedly based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . it follows recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments .
Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons at his family home in rural Dublin, Virginia, on march 22 . his body was found in a septic tank on their property on march 26 . the couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered . both suspects objected to the presence of reporters in the courtroom during their arraignment .
passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply with ban . alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin . follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland . bodies were taken off the ship by a team of FBI crime scene investigators . cruise ship departed Tampa, Florida, on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean .
photographer Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old son Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry . she asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . so she took a photograph of Smith from the family and fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them . after sharing the image to her facebook page, the photographer found that others thought the image was amazing too .
the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend, virgin galactic's Dave Clark . she looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . unfortunately the dress is sold out .
the state-of-the-art commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . buyers are expected to use the craft for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue missions . textron are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
a royal night out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on may 8, 1945 . it shows the young princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets . among the curious viewers will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night .
the association of professional flight attendants slammed the ad campaign . argues the sponsorship deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a united nations women's goodwill ambassador . Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities .
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week .
thief Sofia davila, 21, from Buenos aires, would flirt with strangers online . she would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious . when they did, she would rob their homes before robbing them . the con artist has been nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook' .
prince of derring-do will begin month-long attachment with the australian defence force tomorrow . he will visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, both in Canberra . the 30-year-old flew in a 250mph Spitfire from goodwood to the island of wight .
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body . her eldest daughter died from leukaemia in 1998 aged 12 . she breastfed in the office - even while carrying out job interviews .
the $2 billion fiona Stanley hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February . the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments . some of the instruments were found to contain blood and human matter .
the young couple share their amazing travel photos on their tumblr and Instagram pages . the adventurers travel from their home state of California to Hawaii and Indonesia . they also capture intimate shots of themselves enjoying beach time, sunsets and amazing helicopter journeys .
Bunkie King, 60, had a 15-year affair with australian actor Jack Thompson . he was also involved with her older sister, Leona - nicknamed le . she has now revealed the salacious details of their unconventional arrangement . her book, somebody I Used to Know: love, loss and Jack Thompson, was published this week .
a 57-year-old man in grand prairie, texas was jailed this weekend after nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn came back to haunt him . the issues include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard, and a dirty swimming pool . father and daughter say they've had issues with code enforcement in the past, but have tried to keep the yard
a little more than a month before her husband, 63-year-old rabbi Bernard 'Barry' Freundel, is set to be sentenced for his crimes, his wife Sharon Freundel held a lecture at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences . 'as you all know, I've become an expert in PTSD,' she told the room of about 150 people at the beginning of the talk .
windows to tower view hotel smashed after 'premeditated' attack . hotelier, 61, claims to have received intimidating phone calls . she appeared on channel 4's 'four in a bed' criticising other hotels .
leo the Staffordshire-Boxer cross knocked one of the hob's knobs, turning it on . the heat set fire to a child's seat left resting on the electric appliance . more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames .
the 41-year-old doorman manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, queens, up until march 29 . he said he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked--all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face . but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants--didn't sit well with the 2-year
the fish, which lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean and Atlantic ocean, can whistle, croak and grunt . males build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors . because males are fiercely territorial, their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away .
urology specialist cut holes in shampoo bottles and emptied and dried them . he then hid his iphone inside so he could secretly film men in gym showers . 42-year-old could be struck off after he was found with the footage .
PDSA says obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high . around one in three dogs and one in four cats are overweight . carots named as the worst culprit as they are high in sugar .
shrine erected in memory of those killed during crash at dusseldorf airport . it has revealed the first picture of hero captain who tried to break into cockpit . this is the only photograph to have emerged of the pilot of the doomed flight . but the shrine also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz . all of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board died in the crash .
the search for a two-metre south american boa constrictor has been called off . police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free . snake catcher Tony Harrison warned it could be 'unbelievably contagious' . but biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake .
the ex-bonjovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her' police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail Online that Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats .
today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products . the jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels enters its seventh day .
the 13-year-old was interviewed by the bexar county sheriff's office last month . she said she was punched in the face and forced to undress in front of her attacker . a lighter was held to the side of her face, burning her .
ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey .
park inn by radisson has launched a pioneering, new virtual travel service . it allows customers to appear to be on a trip according to their social media channels . the 'e-trip' of a lifetime takes management of an individual's social media accounts and 'transports' them .
health minister's weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg, losing two inches off his 35in waist . lib dem minister Tom Brake and labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories . they put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men's health magazine .
national union of teachers (NUT) said government strategies to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead 'shut down debate' teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues . they also claimed young people feel unable to express their views on certain subjects for fear of being branded an extremist .
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend . she was found by police after she made contact with a family member . her ex partner, 32-year-old Carl Garry Chapman, has been charged . he is due to appear in court on saturday morning .
apes in south east Asia produce soft 'hoos' that are almost inaudible to human ear . scientists have found the animals use whispers to communicate with each other . a dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed .
a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 . Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . they were last seen alive on march 28 .
the 42-year-old is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud . he pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation . his wife, Teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
summer Robertson died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach . 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships . her parents have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy' who was 'living the dream' she had spoken to her father just hours before she died .
shadow chancellor refuses to rule out trying to balance the books . number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2million to 5million . but the tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power . labour has vowed not to increase VAT or national insurance as part of measures .
former air stewardess was left paralysed after being hit by rare illness . she assumed partying during a stopover was the cause of her pain . but for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body . spent seven months in specialist unit where she learned to talk, write and even partly walk again . today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'the beauty within' by models of diversity at London's Olympia .
a picture of a woman flashing her size-K breasts appeared on google street view . the 38-year-old mother from port pirie has been charged with disorderly behaviour . police allege the mother 'pursued' the car to make sure she was exposing herself . she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
a 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences . she is accused of verbally abusing her neighbours and swinging a crowbar at them . the incident took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on saturday . 'i don't deal with monkeys, go on now you f*****g monkeys', the woman can be heard saying .
father-of-three Adam Crapser, 39, arrived in the u.s. as a toddler from south Korea . he was abandoned by one adoptive family and exposed to abuse by another . at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have . his criminal convictions made him potentially deportable .
the 37-year-old was stranded for more than two months off the coast of north carolina . he was found on his single-masted 35-foot boat on tuesday afternoon . the coast guard crew said they were expecting worse with blisters and severe sunburn . by the time they picked him up, he had been able to take a shower and speak to his family .
one-eyed extremist's 'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers praised . biography posted just after midnight on the Taliban's main website . described him as actively involved in 'jihadi activities', dispelling speculation he died long ago . enigmatic, remote figure has not made a public appearance since 2001 invasion .
'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter' brought to light . if confirmed, BGoko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity . comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by militants .
australian man Ibrahim Jalloh is awaiting trial for smuggling ice in china . Bengali Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death . he and another man were arrested at Guangzhou airport in 2014 .
writer and leading atheist activist believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist . claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived . insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence .
the 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud . sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters, including the american civil liberties union, amnesty international and journalist Glenn Greenwald . gave a shout out to Rage Against the Machine frontman Tom Morello .
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting pat maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in new Brighton, Minnesota . he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away .
115-year-old Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people . Gertrude Weaver, 116-years-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday . 'that's the best advice I can give you. it's not in my hands or your hands,' she said .
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds . his son then went about filming the moment of discovery . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and crying in horror .
putin will consider any attempt to return Crimean peninsula to Ukraine declaration of war . he will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control . also said to be planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states . disturbances likely to involve cyber attacks or ramping up ethnic tensions .
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relationships and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . she was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester . the alleged victims were aged between 15 and 17 .
residents danced in the streets and blared their horns following the deal . it aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanctions relief . the marathon talks between Iran and the west had run over their deadline by more than two days with many fearing a deal was impossible .
amateur jockey Lee Ferguson hit the fence after his ride stumbles wildly . the 18-year-old's waist collides with the barrier with such force that he pivots . jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory .
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, north-eastern Taiwan . he became annoyed at a dog barking on his way home and slit its throat . the mixed-breed called Lucky was found by his distraught owner .
the victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the united states in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins . the lawsuit, which has 750 plaintiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion . it claims that officials from Hopkins approved the study and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956 . some of the individuals who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly injected with the disease, and many were orphan
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango behind her car at 30mph . he was left with injuries to all four paws and grazing to his chest . fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle . she has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had 27 other dogs confiscated .
leading historian Stuart wexler says the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth . by destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former president john f. kennedy .
mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be 'five times faster' than 3G . but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second . this compares to 5.9Mbit/s on the 3G service that most people use . 4G is being promoted by the big mobile networks on the basis it offers high speed internet access and smooth video streaming .
an unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal . the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera at $36 a share for a total cost of $11,368,000 . after factoring in the intital share price and call option, they sold their stocks at a far greater profit of roughly $2,539.832 .
depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in march 2013 . she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors . her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the uk, had a second family .
animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act . last month it dropped the case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock hunt in . following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year, the charity is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases .
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah raided 21 muti-million pound homes . they took a Ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash worth £1million . gang were undeterred by security systems, instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding . officers first began hunting group after raid on £2.6million house in Wimbledon .
the writer from new york city hasn't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks . after vacation she started wrapping her hair with headbands every day and scrubbed her scalp with her fingers .
more than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America . visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village of Supai . the village was claimed by the tribe from the national park rangers in 1975, after many court battles . tourism has formed the majority of their income, with about 20,000 visitors flocking to discover more about the inhabitants .
the 33-year-old tech and gaming journalist is one of the growing number of australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, tv show or movie characters . the trend has exploded online and at conventions across the globe . she has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con .
police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney . the force was alerted by the health & social services department . a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial hospital .
well-built man filmed lecturing students at a school in Portland, oregon . excitedly asks 'everybody ready?' as he swings axe into co-worker's crotch . he then squirms violently on the floor - causing him to scream violently .
the eVolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its project Essence Skyscrapper . the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas . a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions
the man was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the far-left militant group . members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
salvina formosa, 101, recently tripped over an uneven footpath . she now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week . the centenarian wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness .
last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma . the recall, the first in the company's 108-year history, began when five patients at Via Christi St. Francis hospital in Wichita, Kansas, became ill . three of the patients later died .
a 12-year-old girl is still thought to be missing after a tour boat she was on exploded . the youngster was in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry . between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft .
kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from the jerome . Combs detention center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. he hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . after getting free of his two-man cell in a lockdown unit, Taylor hid out and attacked the guard, a military veteran with 10 years of correctional experience . by wearing the guard's uniform, Taylor was able to fool other guards in 
more than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website . private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night . 40 per cent of listings are in the capital of Havana, while the rest are mostly located in tourist hotspots along the coast .
former immigration minister jailed in 2014 for working without a licence . he took $3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status . when the visa applications were denied, he dishonestly told them Immigration New Zealand was still considering their visas . acting on his behalf, his wife asked one of the siblings to move into their house, engage in sexual relations with Hakaoro and perform household tasks .
fan site appleInsider has spotted nine job listings on the firm's official recruitment site in the past month . these include an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its product page . it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . this includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and 30-minute workout .
Gizelle Laurente booked her son, Jacob, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane . she said he was not allowed to board the flight because of his autism . the airline said it had not been given the paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child .
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, north Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism . she underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8 . but even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the mom who often has to use crutches, or sometimes
german red cross worker pictured girl weeping with fear in refugee camp . she mistook aid worker's camera for a weapon and raised her arms to surrender . he did not realise how terrified she was until he was editing photographs . follows image of four-year-old girl who also surrendered to camera last year . the girl, who ran barefoot through camp's rocky terrain, became frightened .
with 68,000 followers, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow’s feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions . 27-year-old’s followers are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots . she was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalia’s civil war and moved to canada .
burns went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn .
father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to leave his home in Devon . he will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . when he arrives in Iraq, he'll join up with Kurdish fighters and other ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the terrorists .
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, at their mobile home in Hudson, florida, last week . he then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself . the boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral on tuesday .
a torso and limbs were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech . the head of victim, 26-year-old Jonathan camilien, was found in an apartment building's recycling bin . a saw, rope and cleaning supplies were also found in the suspect's apartment .
Dangelo Connor, from new york, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment . he first waving it around, then sending volts coursing through a Coke can . but his antics all went horribly wrong when he electrocuted a bracelet he was holding . after the current passes through his hand and into him, he collapses on the floor .
former paramedic crsity Collins was high on crystal meth . the 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis . she has slammed health services for failing to offer her support . 'i should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor,' she said .
orgasmic meditation involves light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . the aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible . there are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone .
a federal judge has ordered the irs to hand over a list of the 298 tea party groups that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions . conservative groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the government . the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names . while those groups' applications
researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull . the experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (Jaxa) german researchers are currently testing a greenhouse system, which uses recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser . it will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the station by a SpaceX Dragon capsule on 13 April .
the Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . Jungle Juice is made from fresh fruits which have been steeped overnight in an entirely bottle of grain alcohol before being served to unsuspecting drinkers .
tiny Himalayan kingdom is a land of myths and magic - a Shangri-La where, as legend has it, tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests . Buddhist monuments, known as stupas, are erected near rivers to defy evil spirits .
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on march 19 and never regained consciousness . her mother was greeting mourners at her funeral when she was approached by her daughter's boss . 'you are the reason i am standing in this church,' she said . the married mother-of-two would commute into the city each day as early as 2am and work through the afternoon .
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded the controversial image on facebook . captioned it: 'i'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference' she then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported . after a user reported the picture to police, she was arrested . she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in jail .
he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous' . but he added that the 50,000 limit 'might change every year' the manifesto chief has denied his party has made any changes .
manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' it also encourages them to compliment people's homes . comes amid growing scrutiny of the party's manifesto commitments . its membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering the lib dems and ukip .
three-year-old siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year . it's just £220,000 less than cara delevingne, one of the world's top models, who took home £2.4million . the cat appeared in two adverts for cars in germany and beauty products in japan .
the 42-year-old is a referee for college football's Conference USA . she has been considered before for a position in the league before she was chosen to start in 2015 . the mother of three credits her success in sports to being raised with brothers .
Chris Trokey, now an orange county fire authority paramedic, saved the life of Dr. Michael Shannon when he was born premature in 2011 . four years earlier, he had been hit by a semi-truck and pinned beneath it in his burning SUV . the two men greeted each other before having their heads shaved for a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California .
it's been nearly a year since he disappeared from the media spotlight . he was once a regular on red carpets and social media . now his family have expressed concern for the once gregarious 28-year-old .
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business in Gloversville, upstate new york, were charged in April 2013 . a driver of a rival truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him . the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between the pair, who were accused of stalking .
latisha Fisher, 35, charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel Ortiz-Fisher in a bathroom at 5 Boro Burger on west 36th street . she allegedly locked herself in the bathroom where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy . records show she was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt .
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed . the 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother and their parents have vowed to never return to their home in the centre of the small town of Montabaur . a friend of the distraught family said: 'the hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
the 90-kilogram nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres . it was located among a blueberry bush at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania . experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered .
man, 71, and woman, 64, charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr, near Bundaberg, on tuesday . early investigations suggest the dogs were killed as they were too slow .
Paris Picnics delivers picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps . customers can pick from one of four picnic options on offer and order online . the service is the brainchild of american couple Patrick Johnson and Katia Kroupnik .
Randy Pierce, from Nashua, lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair . he has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn .
Tina Campbell paid £100 for the weave but was left with a hole in her head . she spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after the incident .
video shows 27-year-old jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch . after coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain .
poster urges women not to leave friends alone or wander off with strangers . women's rights groups say rapists are to blame for sex attacks, not victims . but anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in the poster . it features a picture of two young women posing for a selfie .
the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career . he also spoke about how he has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph . but when it comes to diet, he believes in indulgence and never denies himself something he wants .
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday . a worker who called police found the suspect in his car in the parking lot . while in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself . the 20-year-old said he followed a woman he found attractive around the store and wiped bodily fluids on three boxes of He
the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . 'little two- and three-year-olds were crying. the parents were scooping up all of the eggs for their older kids and it was horrible'
parking attendant mistook the throttle for the brake in a £300,000 supercar . the driver ploughed the car through the front of a shop and hit 60mph in 3.3 seconds . he blamed the semi-automatic transmission for bamboozling him . only 599 of the 599 GTO were built, which is the fastest ever road car .
the red lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain . radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago . when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal . her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient Magdalenian burial in the region .
this roundup of events from across the country will provide fun for the kids . keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world's largest Easter egg hunt in the maze at Traquair castle . learn how to play the fool at the royal court and take part in the games in the gardens .
he said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the debate . but he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio . 'for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare,' he added .
meaghan Hudson, 25, said she was suffering from multiple myeloma in 2013 . close friends shaved heads and got tattoos of inspirational song lyric . fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother, Margaret Hudson . a further $2,000 was raised at a bowling alley event for the nursing student .
excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter limit for African Americans and people over 50 . experts on both sides agree that eating too much salt - especially for people with high blood pressure - can be dangerous but there is much disagreement over what constitutes too much .
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims that the singer could not have fathered her son . rumours about the parentage of her son have dogged the actress . in 2013, mia farrow admitted the singer may be her son's father, instead of woody .
Fergus Simpson from the university of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on Earth . this means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example . if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear .
71-year-old's childhood home in scarsdale, new york, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california . realtors have glossed over the checkered past involving Durst's mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . 27 Hampton Road is described as 'meticulously maintained', 'gracious', and 'elegant'
the Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from . the labels tell the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone . each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story .
friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born in 1880 . they now want the Guinness book of records to document that achievement . the current record holder is french woman jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
Samsung will be main supplier of the A9 chips in apple's upcoming range . it isn't the first time the tech giant has manufactured parts for iPhones . following legal disputes, apple shifted away from Samsung and signed a monopoly deal with TSMC in 2013 .
seven babies and three mothers died at two hospitals in the space of eight months . a team of independent investigators were called into royal oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers . in another case newborn Thomas beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors forced him back into the womb during birth . the investigation found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in the maternity wards .
a passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling through the area . the 52-year-old said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service . a spokesman for network rail said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting'
the unique psychedelic cartoon, which is hand-painted, depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film . cel was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel . more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques .
the 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in the us . they lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage . he was said to have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant . on their wedding night he told friends that the marriage was a better option than
maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride . she alleged that he then helped her into his car and drove her home . a rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant hospital the next day .
australian drug dealers' last ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday . the court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two australians clemency . but attorney-general HM Prasetyo said he will not wait for another court challenge .
cave was built near Vallon-Pont-d'arc in southern french 36,000 years ago . it contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features . cave is the oldest known cave decorated by man but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe . experts have scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls .
Alison hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her inhaler . she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue . after five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from her throat and fell out onto the pavement .
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted in matheran . youngster was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival . police said staff and girl's father managed to control horse and rushed girl to primary health centre .
'blackjack' gambled £1.7m in a single night in 2006 and left entire estate to wife . but 61-year-old claims she is owed 'reasonable provision' following his death . she claims six of his children are supposed beneficiaries of his alleged handouts .
the 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs . it is served with chips at a price of £2.75 at his chip shop in Preston, lancashire . the 55-year-old blind-bakes the pie casing as the egg would otherwise melt down . a lid is put on to seal the dish before the pie is battered and fried .
anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein found guilty of medical misconduct . tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing drugs such as steroids . she also failed to keep accurate or comprehensive patient records . some 40 patients who visited her have had trouble with similar drugs in the past .
the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms . 'i'm all for renovating, but I've now missed two innings trying to get into the bathroom,' said one Cubs fan .
researchers reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means . authorities say the majority of the time threats turn out to be hoaxes .
the 40-year-old fashion police co-host was seen leaving the Trump international hotel in new york city on her way to a today show appearance . in her memoir, she has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry, who she first met in San Diego .
mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the image in a six pack of buns . she bought them from her local sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire . 'it made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter,' she said .
medical professionals at the university of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems . black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses . the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches .
61-year-old underwent final sex change operation last week . she was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days but has been released four days early . now faces a further six weeks recuperation at her home in kent .
the Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey . Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in southern NSW between 1989 and 1992 . in the letters, he tells Shipey about his 'fair share' of 'sheilas', who write 'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed . 'a lot of wackos out there
Ivan Carlos, 22, and 18-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am . the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple . avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the fetus did not survive . driver Christian Crawford, 35, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening
the 43-year-old was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting from Cairo in 2011 . she was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her television crew . 'for an extended period of time, they raped me with their hands,' she said .
dated prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 . the pair split last year, despite rumours that they planned to marry . she's now destined to act alongside Dame judi dench .
pensioners John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage . but 71-year-old had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's . a travelling family bought a plot of land next door and he had been battling plans for a traveller encampment on the land . last august the pressure got so much he shot his terminally ill wife, known as Anne, before turning the gun on himself .
dermatologist, 65, was 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . he was known for working with stars including madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour . publicist said he died after 'suffering from an illness'
cheap labour from Asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage . nannies paid as little as $250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs, says Labor Opposition Leader bill shorten .
the outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later . a possible cause was an explosion at a power plant located in southern Maryland . more than Washington-area customers - including government offices - had reported outages .
the picture of Rosa Camfield and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that she had passed away on Monday . Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, described her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage in her 80s .
the hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles (6,500 square kilometers), or half the size of Connecticut . a recent Nasa map shows it produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why .
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday . the couple, both 67, from coningsby in lincolnshire, are 10th on rich list . they plan to retire and play bowls with the huge windfall .
star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born . her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive . while her mother was not a suitable match, her twin sister gave up part of her liver to save her niece's life .
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family when it came to religion . Katie, 24, had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day . while Steven, 21, was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school .
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving convicted paedophile . but judge ruled her claims should be 'struck from the record' . prince will not face court action over claims he had sex with under-age girl .
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them . despite the warning, Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the justice center .
disgraced banker was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 . he faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2U . many of those whose details he is selling on are vulnerable in society .
the orphaned youngsters were nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover . nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food . the first cub, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre .
cave photographer, John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland . with over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures .
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during a show in new Mexico on monday . on tuesday he threw a banana peel at a black man outside a bar in Santa Fe, new mexico . he denies he is racist, saying it was 'just a joke' .
seven rare artifacts found on display at the Honolulu museum of art . they are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by an art dealer . dealer, Subhash Kapoor, was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india .
'now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure . the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services .
some of the 2,500 police officers involved in tracking down the bombers showed a lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights, a new report reveals . in the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of the brothers 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target' they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns . amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard donohue was critically wounded . shortly after the firefight in watertown,
five-month-old Elijah suffers from the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) he gets weaker as he grows older, and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday . his mum Jessica and dad Andrew have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away . they plan to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days .
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last September . now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university . she could face as many as 8 years in prison .
new series of photographs of the late artist frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book . the images portray the artist at her most relaxed, standing in her garden or languishing in her bed . they were taken by a german-born french photographer who had travelled to Mexico in 1950 .
stunt performer, Antti Pendikainen, attached a tandem parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground . the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights . footage captured using a Go Pro camera attached to Antt's head and shots taken from a helicopter tailing the snowmobile .
first-of-its-kind technology is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports . allows owners to track their pets' journeys in real time via a website . hoped the technology will give owners peace of mind during their flights . delta has had a number of animal related incidents in the past .
the three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the department of corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north florida, had a fight with the inmate . driver is currently a sergeant at that facility . newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements .
former premier made unannounced visit to the cash-strapped government last month . but secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears he is being deployed to encourage western investment to the country . there is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region around 65 miles north of Ulaanbaatar .
the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an 'uneventful' dresser . author Margaret Atwood said she thinks she is cautious when it comes to clothes . but she added she is right not to follow in her husband's late mother's footsteps .
11-month-olds were surprised when a ball appeared to disappear through a wall . they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret . babies were also perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity .
17-month-old Charlene Bishop went to feed her pony Taffee . she was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal . her mother found the pony lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries .
figures show more than 1,000 GP training posts are vacant . in the east Midlands, 64 per cent of posts are unfilled, with 63 per cent vacancy rate in the north east of england . medical leaders warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked . last week it was revealed that 10% of patients tried and failed to book a GP appointment last year .
a 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife because she thought it was possessed by demons . the mixed-breed dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive .
marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts . referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the phone and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused . but when he got to the ring, he pulled out his headphones, but missed his phone .
researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart . they found mammalian skin has stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage .
86-year-old founder of far-right party says he 'never regretted' making similar statements . marine le pen distances herself from comments saying she 'deeply disagrees' with her father . he said: 'the gas chambers were a detail of the war, unless we admit that the war was a detailed of the gas chamber!'
misty Machinshok, 33, 'coached' husband on best positions to conceive . held daughter's hand 'the first few times' in her home town of Wilkes-Barre . husband, 29, admitted raping girl 'every few days' in 2013 . also sexually assaulted her 11-year-old sister but struck plea deal . both victims are in foster care .
Emirates and Etihad Airways were travelling in opposite directions . incident occurred over the Arabian sea in Mumbai airspace . both airlines insist safety was never compromised .
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral . italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks, but the woman was charged through an interpreter .
the grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool, and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms and art work of famous ex-cons .
people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the Qantas lounges around australia . the airline warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1 . disgruntled customers have taken to social media to post their complaints .
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day . one voter complained wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others, in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities, accused politicians of 'fly-posting' detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'poli
the 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into brush creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police . he spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water . police officers armed with a BB gun followed him into the murky waters and caught him . the bather complained of a broken leg .
the block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28 . teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duo, including Darren and Dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus .
'i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable,' says stock . he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out after he featured in the now-infamous feature 'arape on campus'
Hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east London, the son of a wholesale grocer . he was educated by the jesuits and thought everyone was doing something physical and nasty behind every closed door . his entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt .
the Nigerian-flagged ship was being tracked by charity sea shepherd . charity believed it was engaged in illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope, off the west coast of africa . the ship's captain and 40 crew managed to escape into life rafts .
the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent . the city formerly known as Saigon has seen a 400 per cent increase . compared to the same period in the past decade, new world wealth has found Houston, Jakarta, Mumbai, and, of course, Ho Chi Minh City are among the fastest growing .
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released from the Jefferson County jail in the morning after 30 years on death row . he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner . his sister sobbed as she hugged her brother: 'thank you Lord, thank you Jesus'
woman, 21, spoke to call handler when she contacted firm over bill last month . but she was shocked when she was bombarded with flirty texts from the man . he called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in-laws' he has now been suspended by the network provider pending an investigation .
abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars . the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last year when a video of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing a security guard on a train went viral . he was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification .
ginger tabby cat sneaked inside shipping container carrying laundry linen . staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford, heard meows . they were called out to investigate and found the eight-month-old kitten . he had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes and has since been named Sinbad .
an Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in london in june . it will be less than three years since the comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a tv documentary . author has said the public is 'ready' for the play to be shown .
jerky puppets that rescued the world have been replaced by computer-generated images . 'there is something utterly magical about seeing a puppet come to life under the skilled operation of talented puppeteers'
police had opened an investigation into the incident at a hotel in north Yorkshire . but victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges against him . officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action .
Kevin perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, graduated from parkway central high school in 1977 . over the past few years he has been mailing his teachers a 'gift' he started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000 . in 2002, he wrote a $10,000 check to a former business teacher . but the person he really wanted to surprise - his home economics teacher - was the hardest to find .
the 65-year-old dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, Dr Frederic Brandt, was found hanged in his Miami home . the city of Miami police confirmed the suicide after daily mail online broke the news earlier . he had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show .
singer, 24, unveiled as face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign . showcases colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes . recently partied with fashion's finest at Tommy Hilfiger's store opening .
the 20-month-old infant was admitted to coolah district hospital on march 23 . he was reportedly choking and struggling to breathe . police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant .
Robert Mccombs said that when Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he was a child molester, he strangled him to death . 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' he testified . day met up with the roommates at a bar on December 18 and that's where the shocking confession allegedly took place .
pensioner was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum . 71-year-old had to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading . had metal implants inserted into cheekbones and nasal cavity to hold nose in place . now has a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets .
'My, my! at Waterloo Napoleon did surrender,' sang fab four in their song . but if they laboured under this misapprehension they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently visited the Wellington Museum . the museum is located just south of Brussels in Belgium . there was a long day’s fighting on that June day in 1815 .
sculpture stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the actor himself . took over 250 man hours to complete and weighs 40kg . shoppers at westfield Stratford city shopping centre laughed .
the project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme . it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200,000 . each starter home will cost no more than £250,000 outside london and £450,000 in the capital .
investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion . a criminal case is now expanded to include the building's landlord . sources say possible charges include second-degree manslaughter . in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped .
a high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped in for a lower heel (1.5 inches) the shoes, which start from £260, are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles . every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe, in the centre of the heel . once a new heel is slid into the shoe it is locked into place, and at the press of the button, the heel can be released and slipped out of place .
university of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison muttered 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked about Badgers player Frank Kaminsky . the sophomore's comment came as a reporter asked Kentucky's Karl-Anthony Towns about defending the 7-footer . 'he reached out to me, we talked about it, [i'm] over it. . nothing needs to be made out of it,' Kaminski said .
thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after attacking two men . he left one, an army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged . the 28-year-old was jailed for seven years at Teesside crown court .
the body of Andrew Getty, 47, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon . he was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune . police believe he died of natural causes or an accident .
a representative for the comedienne said she was not aware of her brother's decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race . this comes as he admits his sister is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black . he says he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the school .
instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a threat . it could date back to early human evolution in africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .
Kyhesha-Lee suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage . the three-year-old was locked in a bedroom by her father in 2013 . her father and friend have been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . a court heard the toddler also suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina . she was not seen or heard of by anyone else in the five days prior .
documents allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011 . they include allegations it implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government . revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the falklands by the british last week .
in America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 . the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’ . symptoms include burning gums, tooth infection and the conviction that, no matter how much a tooth has been whitened, it could be paler still .
pressure on education system has intensified following a baby boom and migration . local government association warns they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed . analysis of official figures indicates two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than there are places . comes after head of ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with migrant pupils .
the couple bought a 1986 Hino flatbed truck and undertook their year and a half labor of love to build a two-bedroom, wood and steel home . they couldn't afford to buy a full-sized lot in Nelson, new zealand, so they started building one step at a time . the couple and their cat now live almost self-sufficiently in a wood-lined home surrounded by cypress wood .
pregnant woman and partner left clinging to hull of their overturned trimaran . partner tied rope around himself before diving under vessel to locate flare . alarm was raised after man spotted couple in water a mile from shore . HM Customs cutter was on water nearby and was able to locate upturned vessel .
the canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . this then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of Manchester city's Etihad Stadium . the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula . 63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit) a further 15 are still missing . the ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu
labour launched poster declaring 'the tories have made it harder to see a GP' but critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date . a labour-supporting GP circulated a letter claiming 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Rome when the incident happened in January . he was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on Sunday at Northwestern Memorial Hospital . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed .
police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of Chelsea Ellen Bruck . the 22-year-old was last seen wearing a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig at a Halloween party attended by around 800 people on October 25 .
mother-of-two Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to daughters, eight and one, one . both suffer from rare genetic disorder which gives them life expectancy of 12 . condition is characterised by failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head .
a 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage at a school in Canberra . it was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the boy . the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers have been assigned to the school . 'the abuse or neglect of students with a disability is absolutely unacceptable,' said ACT education minister .
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . close behind are the Phillipines at 47.6 per cent and the uk at 41.2% . the united states is ranked within the top 20 countries, at 42.7 per cent of all managers are female .
109 million Chinese tourists spent $164 billion in 2014, up from 10 million in 2000 . a brawl started on a flight from to to Chongqing to Hong Kong over a woman's crying baby .
denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, had all but lost hope of conceiving . Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment at the age of 20 . but using frozen sperm, doctors created eight embryos through fertility treatment . they had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago, and twins Carter and Carson .
Hayley Adams, 29, sneaked into William Tanner's bedroom and took cash . his daughter, 56, had earlier expressed concern that his money went missing . but she was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative . while Adams admitted to taking about £65, victim's relatives suspected amount was closer to thousands of pounds .
the former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, the epicenter of hipster culture . 1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and Morgan Stanley 1-percenters .
survey of 19,000 people found benefits made people more likely to want work . in Norway, which pays highest benefits, almost 80% of people wanted a job . but in Estonia, one of least generous countries, only around 40% did .
a hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria . the ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy . he says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman .
the most rev Justin welby said the 148 victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' he said: 'to witness is to be a martyr. I am told by the coptic bishop in England that the Coptic Christians murdered last month died proclaiming that Jesus Christ is Lord'
actress Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric . the series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown . Couric will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
the motoring programme's website used to feature the broadcasting trio . now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet at the top of the page . it comes just over a week after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show . the corporation is yet to confirm whether the presenters will return .
more than 200 mourners gathered to attend funeral for 23-year-old . mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse . he was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city's east village . his father, Nixon, told mourners: 'my son is broken. my wife is broken'
the 31-year-old's leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 . he completed paintings with his trunk, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales . the elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday .
sexting is 'not advised for politicians', says Deputy prime minister . 'risky' for youngsters and 'dodgy' if you are older, says Nick Clegg . green party leader Natalie Bennett says it's 'ok for other adults but not for me' education secretary Nicky Morgan says 'a bit too risky, thank you very much'
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'i'm sorry' as he left the dock at Canterbury crown court .
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution thanks to a calamitous economic meltdown in 2009 . but the island city is showing signs of recovery thanks to an Icelandair wheeze that gives you the option of stopping off to see the sights of Reykjavik .
children posted picture of eighth grade teacher on social media on friday . she was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended . authorities suspended three of the students for three days . school officials justified suspensions by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media' but later overturned the decision following a backlash .
'ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems . spores have been linked with mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger, as well as cognitive impairment . exposure to toxic mould may cause brain inflammation and memory loss .
Kristi Gordon, of global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy . 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' she read from one of the messages . the online bullies left no name or return address .
party will launch billboard using image from famous 1979 ‘Labour Isn’t Working’ poster . but instead it will warn: ‘the doctor can’t see you now’ . new official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries are now open in evening .
driver, 16, thrown from car after it careened over 100ft cliff and landed on top of her . driver, who has not been identified, was trapped underneath for more than four hours . two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, were removed from car an hour later .
the jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day . prosecutors took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd . the tight end's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm .
psychologist darryl dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation . the woman, who was suffering from depression at the time, said he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers' the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded him last week and have banned him from re
man named today as 35-year-old father-of-three named as a care worker . he collapsed in a swimming pool at a swingers' party in hertfordshire . fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead . post mortem examination due to be held today after which a coroner will rule .
american YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own .
Tiffany Sical, 21, and her boyfriend, Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, rhode island, on sunday . but they were killed when 24-year-old Joel Norman allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car . incident left their daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, an orphan, police said . now, Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence - death resulting, and two
Dimitri harrell, 21, reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old . carrying couple's three-month-old child, he then shot her in the face at close range . when medics arrived at scene, they pronounced her dead, police said . now, harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at court . suspect had 'trust issues' with miss white after having two children by another woman . he remains in custody in lieu of $200,000 bail; 
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . in Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225 .
the official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of showbag contents . at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright . the cowboy bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana .
Ferme de Montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season . 'it exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service are required at front of house'
more than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for an apology . a few days later, the lingerie firm changed the wording of the campaign . but similar brands have poked fun at the ridiculous message of the slogan .
casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she felt a few contractions . she thought she had enough time to run errands before the arrival of her baby . but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas . 'i had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees,' the mom-of-three said .
Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes at the tip of the lighter . it contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again . inventors, based in Edmonton, canada, are raising money on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .
five-year-old Ashya King was given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy . proton partners international will open three centres in the uk by 2017 . the first in northumberland will be operational by next year . announcement comes just weeks after parents of cancer sufferer told of how he was given 'all clear' after receiving treatment at centre in Prague .
germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart . airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in a statement . yesterday, another plane forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice .
despite being given £100,000 of prize money, the 33-year-old is now broke and living off the charity of friends . he believes that finding fame on the show kicked off a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class B drug ketamine .
orphan Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off . the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a paddy field more than a day after the disaster and later taken to their adoptive parents in the u.s. who had earlier been told they were dead . now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the
Phil Blackwood, 32, sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour in burma . he posted mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on facebook . tongue-in-cheek advert for cheap-drinks night at VGastro bar provoked outrage . found guilty of insulting religion along with bar's burmese owner and another manager .
'if Iran cheats, the world will know it. If we see something suspicious, we will inspect it,' he said . 'this deal is not based on trust, it’s based . on unprecedented verification,' said the president .
prime minister pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork during a campaign visit . he was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine in poole . the bizarre dining etiquette was designed to avoid a repeat of Ed miliband's bacon sandwich .
father-of-two, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times . as she lay dead, he called two more vice girls over to his family home . raped them before they managed to flee while still naked . his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out crimes .
the body of Raymond Howell, Jr. was found near a culvert in McKinney, texas - around four miles from where he attended school . friends said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students . police have not confirmed how he died but said it was suicide .
official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas . labour leader branded comments ‘disgusting’ and former England captain Gary Lineker tweeted: ‘he should be ashamed. the fact he isn’t says so much’ .
the documents were filed by two students who were expelled from the university after Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November . his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home . no one has been arrested and Albany police said their investigation is continuing .
woman shot dead trying to attack police headquarters in central Aksaray . she was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said . tv footage showed police sealing off the street in the central area . attack comes a day after prosecutor mehmet selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital .
actress Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at the Osborne Apartments on west 57th street in Manhattan . the building is supposedly haunted by multiple ghosts, including the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and Alfredo Taylor .
the 28-year-old rugby league player went into cardiac arrest after he was fatally stabbed with a knife in the early hours of Easter Monday . he and his friend, 25, were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast before heading to a nearby pizza shop . the friend became 'victim number two' and remains in a serious condition in hospital .
the bus and train were used to film one of the most memorable scenes of the past 25 years in the great smokey mountains in north carolina . the scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot . remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a tourist attraction .
leila alavi, 26, had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against 33-year-old mokthar Hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil . she reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead in her car in an underground car park at Auburn shopping village in Sydney's west . her sister, mitra, has revealed her sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters .
the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to the school's student conduct process . the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in a plaza outside the student commons building .
a goat was found headbutting a door in the wealthy community . it was captured by police in the middle of a roadway around 5pm on saturday . a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock .
the 55-year-old was out walking her dogs at the time of the blast . fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard in the kitchen . it caused a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank . amazingly, no one was injured in the blast, which ripped through the house .
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife . the organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11 . she joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic .
periscope, twitter's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet, launched a week ago today . there are already a number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology . the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app's settings in order to sexual harass women - including one of their female friends .
the graph is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 . shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century, with all colours increasing except for orange .
anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk on march 2 . police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, for her cell phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance . her stepfather, 36-year-old wesley hadsell, was taken into custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter . he has admitted breaking into the home of the person that took his daughter against her will
the vaccine, developed in Canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus . when administered, it induces an immune response against the virus - which has killed more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries .
the queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of VE Day . a chain of beacons will be lit across the country and a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 . in 1995, the queen appeared on the balcony of Buckingham palace to mark the 50th anniversary .
the rapper, whose real name is . Robert Van Winkle, appeared in palm beach county court on . Thursday and agreed to a plea deal . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the . estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home . the grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $5,000 fine .
a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . the device was invented by bomb expert David Hyche nine years ago . he has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham .
lib dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is 'not going to work' he said it would be a 'messy' way to run the country and risk instability . he told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting hung parliament . no one party able to secure an overall majority of MPs in the commons .
the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying 'some good' has come out of the year-long search for the missing plane . this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home . volcanoes have been discovered as well as fresh water lakes and waterfalls . the comments were made at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip . they were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .
labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously . he eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause . last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help .
Tutor Colin turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with model lover . facility manager walked in on pair while they were engaged in sex act . he has worked at the £13,000-a-year private school for nine years . school confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return'
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries . symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea . the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico .
the echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off the Mornington peninsula . it was filmed using its snout as a snorkel and webbed-feet as it paddled . the prickly mammal is found all over australia, in coastal forests and desert habitats .
rules laid down by transport for London (TfL) mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver . legal loophole in official application document says people coming to Britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked .
the 13 letters were estimated to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000 . the current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight . airport staff thought his pease pudding was a plastic explosive . the 58-year-old was told his pudding could 'technically' be classified as Semtex .
prime minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer . she joked that she was pleased that her campaigning duties did not stretch to a live television debate .
producer known as Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - posted clip of I Won't Mind . it was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first solo single . he retweeted a fan video entitled 'naughty boy saved Zaughty' which said 'zaughty will rise' .
at a size 34B, Annabel Cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust . so she decided to put 'the boob-job bra' through its paces . it comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage .
environmentalist group rescue 35 crew members from sinking ship . poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday . the captain of the ship, knowing he's run out of fuel, has deliberately sunk his own boat in order to destroy any physical evidence .
a florist in richland, washington was fined $1,000 in march for refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed with flowers for their 2013 wedding . the judge found that the 70-year-old's refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for Barronelle Stutzman came in the last several days . supporters
Becky Watts went missing from her home in Bristol on february 19 . her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house three miles away . inquest opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place .
there will be more Muslims than Christians in the world in less than 60 years . the religion's share of the world’s population will equal the Christian share . by 2100 around one per cent more of the population will be Muslim than Christian . a different religious majority is also projected to decline from 159 to 151 .
belinda Earl ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum before becoming fashion director in september 2012 . she is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business . sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges, like those promoted by models Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy .
Yahya Rashid, 19, of willesden, north west London, charged with terror offences . he was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum . hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale . seismologists found the planet doesn't just oscillate following quakes, and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time .
listeners cast more than 200,000 votes on the classic FM hall of fame . it topped the poll last year as well and was named the nation's favourite tune . the full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games .
Benito Gonzalez, 46, who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a cherry hill Starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . the father-of-three was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as
Bryan Santana, 20, found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to two life terms in prison . he choked and strangled his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, before strangling her with a hunting knife before having sex with her corpse . the victim's family said they will 'never escape' the death .
terminally ill fundraiser, 44, stole equipment from charity in blackpool, lancashire . he was meant to be raising profile following devastating arson attack . charity say he repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces . Mitchell pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston crown court .
thug hit stranger over head with bottle leaving victim with fractured skull . 20-year-old's attack described as 'savage demonstration of violence' judge jailed him for four years after admitting wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion was stolen from her driveway on Monday night . on April 1, she learned that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as hers and would be returning it to her . as the car pulled up, she noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents . Rather than get upset
firefighters made grim discovery of 21-year-old's body in west suffolk . she was found in the boot of a burning car in Ifield, near crawley . police have now released video stills and footage of her on the night before . family pay tribute to 'inspirational, passionate and caring person'
thug left his girlfriend with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour . howie, 28, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault . he also smashed furnishings and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges . miss Murray was unable to call police because the inn was so isolated .
pontiff spoke to tourists and pilgrims in the Vatican on Easter Monday . he urged the international community not to 'look the other way' and act . the 78-year-old has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians .
the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences . they must also order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from kitchen garden . comes after the queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food . the job pays around £28,000-a-year but there is accommodation available .
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . he siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period . when he was finally arrested he told police: 'i played him.' he has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after admitting fraud .
a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle mayeaux, came off at the 397 exit and veered over to the wrong side of the lane . she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course . the incident shut the highway for around two hours .
Hayleigh, 17, pretended to dump her boyfriend via WhatsApp at midnight . but she was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up . she texted her partner on the social media app with the words: 'i don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy'
the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show . it came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic .
despite all this fascination, the rest of us remain baffled by the uncanny bonds identical twins share . pre-colonial Brazilians thought twins were a product of adultery . some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter .
account director at the data partnership reveals underhand tactics . they include starting with warm questions before going more financial . a brief disclaimer is read but bosses admit victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies .
graffiti artist Xiao Wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents . he and his fellow artists painted 30 phone booths in five hours overnight . the 28-year-old said living and working in Beijing is 'very stressful'
helaman barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah . he said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear that his family would be taken away . his account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and having sex with two 12-year-old girls .
theodosia aresti, 71, was left devastated when her flat became flooded with sewage . she was left with a 'tsunami of sewage' after a blocked pipe flooded her flat . the nine-storey building's 239 other flats were also flooded .
the Easter Feast is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar . it is available at the black milk cereal cafe in Manchester's northern quarter . the meal is so sweet it contains 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to return at 9.20am . it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause . the incident was the second of the day at the airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway .
150 outgoing art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on Wednesday night . the tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt . 'you don't have the clothing distracting you. and because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one man .
a bathing box on dendy street beach in Melbourne has sold for $276,000 . it is a record amount for the bathing boxes in Brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 . a mechanic’s garage in paddington, in inner city, has also sold for $1.2 million .
high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails . the policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael wheatley walked out of an open jail in may while on day release . he went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at the Chelsea Building Society in sunbury-on-thames, Surrey .
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to reports in the uk . he has significant business interests in the city, including a $30million mansion . his ex-wife is a british citizen, as are his two daughters . sources say officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible .
four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream are on sale at the cafe in north end, Portsmouth . diners who clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free .
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode . the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia . along the way, the vehicle encountered traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions .
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet . he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in . court heard he knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been previously involved in making sext tapes . they met up for three dates between January and September 2013 . but they had 'sex on just one occasion' and she regretted the liaison . soon afterwards she began receiving 'creepy'
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian . the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the the the traumatised animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities believe was caused by illegally tapped gas line .
disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the dogs pounced . the two dogs dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet . police are now investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds .
Remington 'Remi' Walden, 4, was killed when his family's 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle was hit from behind by a pickup truck in march 2012 . the fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old . jurors in decatur county, georgia, ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life .
mother-of-two, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with PCOS at 12 . she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs . has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS . finally got approved for laser hair removal treatment, which costs £10,000 .
police say Edward Nudel, 41, broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner' after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'i killed Lola' he is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals .
a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million oxygen molecules and 85 million carbon molecules . by comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . when written out in full, the human body would read: co1 Mo3 Se4 Cr7 F13 Mn13 I14 Cu76 Zn2,110 Fe2,680 Si38,600 Mg40,000 Cl127,000 K177,000 Na183,000
theresa may said police will have to record anti-Muslim hate crimes as separate category . move has been hailed by Islamic groups . some forces record Islamophobic crimes as such, others categorise them .
police were forced to separate Reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a barrier between the separate rallies . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes in melbourne . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia .
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her husband shot dead . the 62-year-old was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon . she was allowed to attend an addiction studies course in the city's suburbs .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . homecamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one Sydney host, Steve York, has already had four successful bookings .
a poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought Nicola Sturgeon was the best performer . she has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the debate . despite losing the referendum last year, 12,000 people paid to see her speak at Glasgow’s hydro .
Kenneth Lombardi, a celebrity reporter for CBS, filed a lawsuit against two of his bosses at the network this week . he claims one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a 2013 work christmas party and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting . the former red carpet regular claims he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two male colleagues .
the unique speech performed by 25-year-old has been viewed over 100,000 times online . it includes tributes to his brother and his bride and also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to his older sibling . 'when you move out of home, I thought, 'thank the Lord, I won't be missing you,' he sang .
the justice department reminds prison officials that the Eighth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution requires them to provide inmates with individualized assessment and care for the condition . only inmates identified as transgender during their initial intake screenings are eligible for gender dysphoria treatment .
police seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine from gang's 'stash house' in north west london . officers also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents and equipment used for drug dealing . beheluli, 24, was jailed alongside fellow gang members for a total of 31 years .
labour leader was mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly . but adoring fans took to twitter to coo about his smouldering looks . one tweeted: 'Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else, you sexy beast'
one of australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with aldi to create Easter lunch recipes . the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast . results include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots .
the SS15-16 collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties . stars including delta goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were joined by fashion influencers .
australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child . if Judge Mitchell Beckloff gives Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against Jackson . lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims .
the collection, created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker, is worth an estimated $746,100 . some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time . during Baker's 30-year career, the 64-year-old worked on other films like an american werewolf in London, Planet of the Apes, Batman & Robin, Hellboy and Mighty Joe Young .
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past Ligue 1 giants PSG . the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz . he endured a horrendous evening at the nou camp .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . they want schools to follow the lead of countries like Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . motion calls on the NUT to support play in the curriculum at Key Stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) 'to reflect the needs of the children'
four-year-old Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, . Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . 'i said, "What? Is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air .
attorneys for the 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a 'treasure trove' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse . the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but the lawyers want further access to Facebook accounts to prove it . 'there was a group of girls who conspired against Tyler to put him in jail. they succeeded in that, and Tyler has now been in jail
jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and their daughter . cousin says he was struck by mortar shrapnel after leaving a mosque . al-labani was trying to fly his family to Oakland, but couldn't because the country has shut down most airports . rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take aden .
today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease . the duo went head to head with Al Roker, willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of australian singer Sia’s Chandelier .
authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the garold Wayne interactive zoological park in Oklahoma . not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment Schreibvogel used to record his independently produced television show, JoeExotic TV .
food stylist uses nail scissors, tweezers and a mini hairdryer to style food . viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after episode . 'no wonder fast food never actually looks like what they normally order' .
14million working households given an average boost of £200 a year to incomes . prime minister will make bold argument for continued lower taxes . he will add that it is 'wrong – frankly immoral' for Government to spend money like it grows on trees .
faris al-khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes . equipment was found purely by chance after fire at block of flats in edinburgh . firefighters were responding to 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute . jars containing powders and castor beans, used to make ricin, were also found .
officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in argentine territory . it comes after Britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a field . discovery could be worth billions and increase fears of renewed conflict .
the move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . many of the posts generated more than 1,000 Likes each, with several surpassing 5,000 Likes and some reaching rarified levels like 13,000 Likes .
former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive the classic . he's back with a modern take on the fruity Easter classic, the Simnel cake . the cake is topped with 12 balls of marzipan to celebrate the 12 apostles . it's been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter .
Ile Lout is set 1148 ft from the shore in the midst of Morlaix bay in Brittany, and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests . guests can stay in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers, who had to manually guide boats through the waters . the neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home and is only suitable for those who want to be cut off from the world .
latoya tilson, 33, took out .25-caliber handgun and fired into feuding crowd, police said . one bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit son, 15, in head . when first responders arrived at scene, teenager lay unconscious on floor . he was not breathing and bullet lodged in his head, it is alleged . on Saturday night, she was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children .
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the 1840s Creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . the couple dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan . they now live in the home with their two sons, six-year-old Santiago and nine-year old Javier,
the probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday . last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily . under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals where third-party vendors serve alcohol .
a new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed who we would most like to have as our celebrity parents . David Beckham was voted to be the number one celebrity figure . Holly willoughby, 34, has all the qualities of the perfect mother . but Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list .
the towers will monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries . they will be 115ft to 164ft and cost the polish government £2.5million . border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions over conflict in Ukraine . last month, Moscow announced they are set to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad .
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen . it is a sun spot and occurs when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce . sun spots range in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope .
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull . botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . but when he asked his family to look at the wound they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin . they took him to the hanoi's viet duc hospital where they removed the maggot .
south Korean prosecutors indicted a man who slashed the u.s. ambassador in south Korea last month on charges of attempted murder . he also faces charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction . on monday, the recovering diplomat, mark lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .
doctors have told the pope to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week . they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old . his weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, which causes back pain .
germanwings flight 4u9525 crashed into the side of a mountain in the french Alps . co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately brought down the plane, killing 150 people . passenger hugh Roche Kelly posted on his twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot's pre-flight speech .
pep guardiola has scored 115 goals for his side so far this season . the former barcelona midfielder gave the home side the lead on 14 minutes . defender jerome boateng doubled their advantage on 27 minutes to level the tie at 3-3 .
sailor claims to have survived for more than two months on his stricken boat . but doubters say he appeared well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin . he refused medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder .
the four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016 . the theme park will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . guests will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies . there will be a live stage show based on Step Up: All In and Revolution .
moly wood, 74, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running . it 'lurched forward', trapping her under the wheels, an inquest heard . her sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured .
reality tv star has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear . stars in a campaign shot on west Wittering beach, the closest surf school to london . says surfing is not just a sport, it's a culture and one which doesn't have to be left behind when you leave the beach .
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's champions league quarter-final second leg . the 27-year-old watched Lionel Messi and co defeat PSG 2-0 . it was the second time in less than a week that he had visited the nou camp .
the 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment . Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus .
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and 29-year-old Aaron Tate's three-month-old daughter was found at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio, on friday night . a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone . they were both arrested Monday and charged with child endangering .
the sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear . it is moved using so-called impellers, or bladed fins, through specially designed channels . this airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the Q . all of this air is released through the main outlet . the fan is on sale in Japan for 39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White .
department of public safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photo with the rapper at south by southwest in Austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . after his publicist took the photo, Snoop - whose real name is Calvin Broadus - posted it to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg' Spears' bosses saw the posting and then cited him, according to the Dallas Morning News . since Spears was only reprimanded with counseling,
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc. Caleb Barnes, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy . 'she was coerced, she was afraid she was going to be killed,' the teen's attorney said . the girl's mother, 54, was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after taking her daughter and Barnes to a concert . she texted him hours before the slaying, 'i
security officials say member of al-Qaeda stormed prison and freed 300 inmates . one of their leaders, Khalid Batarfi, is among top regional commanders . two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, a senior official said .
the 34-year-old led the blues to a 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . carragher believes he is the best defender to have played in the premier league . he said: 'there’s no doubt that, just behind (eden) Hazard in this team, Terry has been the most influential'
the 33-year-old claimed to have caught chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe . he also claimed to be a paramedic and attacked his new 'wife' Linda . his ex-girlfriend was furious to find out she also had the disease .
Neil Bantleman, who also holds british nationality, kissed his wife before being led away by police . he was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of 100 million rupiah (£5,200) his supporters insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in the country .
Jayla Currie is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison . the 23-year-old mother-of-one has served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession .
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark blocking her airways . doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply . at just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital . the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat . despite several trips to the GP and a&e, her parents were told her daughter had bronchiolitis .
Chancellor wants a 1980s-style property 'revolution' after years of declining home ownership . since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases . he wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
the american, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student . they were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the us where she found love with ex school friend Colin Sutherland . last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again .
two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million . the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views . one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom . they are the latest in the so-called millionaires' row in poole, Dorset .
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust . she says seeing former SS officer in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' comes after another survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving Groening . he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces 15 years in jail if convicted .
2002 world cup winner scored twice as Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 . the 35-year-old came on as the game approached full-time . but he still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes of the match .
cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 and told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally . she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility . but they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own . some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . this means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause . after IVF failed, the couple feared the worst
landowner stumped up £15,000 to end three-year stand-off with Natural England . steps to Durdle Door beach were washed away during storms in 2012 . visitors have faced perilous scramble down crumbling cliff to reach the shore .
around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the tests before they leave primary school . prime minister said these children will be given extra help and support . resit tests will be designed to ensure pupils have caught up by age 12 .
tripadvisor's annual cost comparison report compared cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world . in Sofia, a night's stay and room service costs £63.78, four times cheaper than in the Swiss city of Zurich . a mini bottle of vodka costs £8.46, while a can of cola costs £2.77 and a dry cleaned shirt costs £1.70 .
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round of his legal battle against unite . tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses . it is a major embarrassment to the union, which has led campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts .
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in jail for killing wife . he crashed into and killed Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police . the crash at an intersection in redford, . Detroit, flipped her vehicle and killed her . she had only months before married her college sweetheart, Matthew .
a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth . this is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and, as it hits the moon, it appears red . plans to update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions .
if anyone won the debate it was the women who took him down with a few small swats . his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine . he kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder and made no mistakes .
lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life . she chronicled her son's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media . convicted last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at a suburban new york hospital .
the defense comes nearly two months after their mother Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing . Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened . 'i went on google, and I searched my mom's name and I was just reading the comments,' Julia said .
former army corporal, 30, was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture, leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care . as she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with long-term partner and Lexi-River’s father, who proposed to her on Valentine’s Day last year . miss Campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra she was guarding in 2007 . she was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her
the 31-year-old has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique . but he was partial to a little eyeliner to define his smouldering eyes . new images have emerged of him looking a bit more hirsute .
Nicola Sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of last night's debate . snap poll inflicted a damaging blow to labour's election hopes . an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead .
Robert Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself when he careered over a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV . the crash killed Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons . he pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death .
61 per cent of americans admit they don't invite friends and family over . shabby furniture, dated carpets and bad location are among embarrassments . living room, kitchen, bedrooms and bathrooms top the list .
lib dem candidate said a visit from the party leader would not 'do us any favours' . but he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn after the remarks . he said: 'i think that he’s not the most popular politician in the mainstream political circuit'
28 minute porn film was filmed on board the historic railway in south-west . locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to brazzers . storyline is apparently set in the 1940s and moves to a wooden carriage .
the 'mediterranean-dASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad – along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine . lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly .
'this deal would legitimise Iran's nuclear programme,' he warns . 'it would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation', he says .
the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim . it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint . the team have already patented the optical part of the system .
the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th . April . he will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth . on arrival, Harry will be taken straight to the Australian War Memorial . the 30-year-old will then head to barracks to report for duty .
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago . she was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour . unemployed mark Ray, 56, waged year-long campaign of terror against her . 'i got this explosion, this tirade of abuse,' she said .
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed after she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent . she attended a hospital in mishawaka, indiana, shortly after giving birth . after arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her . doctors continued to question her of the whereabouts of the child . eventually, she told the medical staff that she delivered 
the new menu features five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel and one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun . some of the food options contain more than half of an adult's recommended daily intake of salt . health experts have warned that the food is 'empty calories' meaning that they have little or no nutritional value .
there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on Wednesday - including housewares, furniture, fine art, jewelry and clothing . among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American white pelican . from the Humphrey Bogart years, before he died from cancer in 1957, was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras .
both pugs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems . they were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas . after six months of rehabilitation, both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored .
mother-of-two Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a yellow taxi in may last year . 51-year-old had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk due to injuries . she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling . phobia of yellow has left her with terrible fear of anything yellow .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . aaron ramsey's side were held to a 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon . both Marcelo and Mario Suarez will miss the second leg at the Bernabeu . suarez has blasted the performance of referee Milorad Mazic .
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger, 30 . he sent a note to the firm's CEO thanking his company for a $100 voucher during a trip to Maine . the airline gathered more than 100 passengers, crew members and staff from other airlines with 500 roses, champagne and signs .
high school students in north east china's jilin province forced to leave grounds to eat . teachers have banned all pre-packed lunches and cut lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes . students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to consume .
campaign chiefs tried to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders calling for a labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life' but plan unravelled as it was revealed 100 'working people' supporting him included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers and a string of union and party activists . despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband hours earlier, throughout the television debate on Thursday night she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett 
documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003 . ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet . his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .
mother-of-two, 41, is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . she whizzes it into smoothies or grind it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .
Rotherham charged with fielding an ineligible player on loan from Derby . farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in 1-0 win over Brighton on saturday . manager Steve Evans claimed his player had been recalled .
the state's largest teacher's union is calling the governor a bully for his 'nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events' the sentiment doesn't ring well with Christie's ambitions to run in the Republican presidential primaries next year .
former national security chief is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets . he is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed . the all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing .
the 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday facing a string of charges . police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on monday . five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . a terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle
official says fighters have burnt 'hundreds of houses' in last two days . comes as prime minister orders forces to oppose vandalism in city . he also orders military forces to arrest those responsible for 'vandalism' militiamen have spray-painted names of their groups on homes and shops .
police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers . the incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the upper north shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence . a spokesperson said it may well be one of the weird and wacky things sighted by highway patrol cars on the road .
more than 7million front lawns in the uk have been paved over . the royal horticultural society is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to turn the country green again .
cab driver threw 25-year-old Kadeem brown across a median in the Bronx . conditions were so icy at the time he slid into the opposite curb . his green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark who was five . police say Emilo Garcia suffered a seizure moments before the crash .
a married middle school band teacher with two young daughters was arrested as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . Charles Kane, 46, had been communicating with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a daddy/daughter relationship . he was arrested when he arrived at a local movie theater carrying a full box of condoms as the girl was in fact an undercover police officer .
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested on charges of pointing a laser at passing cars and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . while in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . he was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison .
angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of port hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process . they were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience and a master’s degree in artificial intelligence . but in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the suit . he is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college
mohammad Liaqat, 34, stormed into a Catholic school and launched a 'racist tirade' he hurled insults at white teachers after two 14-year-old boys were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards . he was remanded into custody at burnley crown court and will be sentenced in June .
the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . it will help understand how Antarctica's ice shelves are changing under warming conditions, and to understand how organisms thrive in cold and light-free environments .
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday . her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations and the Danbury police department launched a seven-week investigation .
the under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s . in the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs . this compares to only 1.2% of 50-64-year olds who moved jobs more frequently . critics say employers are cynically taking advantage of older workers .
foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figure show . in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds . senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years .
the 7ft-tall, five-foot-wide egg was made using 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate . it took the chocolatier three days to put together and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . he hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice .
the lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said . it is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28 . spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am PT .
researchers created a simulation of how the virus spreads in a clinical trial . they say early treatment is key to staving off AIDS in the long term . model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms .
over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes . the funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration .
referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy . the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found . 'the behaviour of fans today at this game was completely unacceptable,' says head of football .
Daniel DeMarco was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . police on scene believed he 'looked suspicious' as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel . he was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI . the 28-year-old was sworn in as a
80 current and former leaders say there is evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . but they say labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls . the letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron .
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night . the man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin . despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing him .
Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart solved a whopping 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times to create a short animated video . the short narrative features a robot building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere and finding love . a squeaky backing track that wouldn't sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip .
father of 40 claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street . now engaged again, the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back . he says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives .
'pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine of just over £7,000 . around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france, majority women .
many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay . young workers who earn up to $50 an hour on public holidays will not be able to earn money this weekend . the campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed .
'i really enjoy myself, I party hard,' says 69-year-old from edinburgh . she lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after caring for him .
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday . when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . 49 precious stones followed .
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . from m&s to Primark, they're all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings . but are any of them worth splashing your cash on? .
freed prisoners said they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution . instead, they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to peshmerga positions . the Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health .
photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the food . the images span from the sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes for consumption .
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to every Ivy League college . he moved from Nigeria to the u.s. 10 years ago with his parents . the high school senior says his parents' struggle inspired him to achieve the best .
the eighth grade boy started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in august last year, with the tag line: 'this is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate' there were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' the blog has been pulled down, but the boy was allowed to return to school last month, and the district has confirmed no charges
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old lawyer . surveillance video shows a 'person of interest' entering the hotel shortly after he texted his wife to tell her he would be home in an hour . the next day he was found dead in his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about' a computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema
the fitness guru has addressed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube . the 26-year-old has almost one million followers on social media . she also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child .
direct assist, based in bolton, lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim . the information commissioner's office and the Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year . one elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family .
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers . an audit by the UN's international civil aviation organization (ICAO) reported that it found 'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety . the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the Thai aviation safety regulator for 'further detailed information'
the Boston RunBase is a combination clubhouse, interactive museum and retail store that, for the first time, gives them a year-round, public presence . it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street .
Freddie, 3, was crushed against a wall by runaway trailer in bedminster, britain . lorry driver tried to resuscitate Freddie but he died shortly afterwards . his mother, 32-year-old Donna Hussey, has been targeted on facebook . she has also been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls who blame her for the incident .
locations in Ceredigion, Powys and pembrokeshire used to radicalise Muslims . 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have ulterior motive', says officer . incidents of Islamic extremist activity in west Wales can be traced back to 1998 .
calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
visitors can step over fence and into the depths of a lion's den during feeding time, if they dare . 'the Lion Encounter' is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions .
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban . he had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped . his conviction came a day after his relative was found dead at his home .
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head in front of stunned hotel guests at the M Resort in a suburb of san francisco on sunday . he sent a 270 page package to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on monday explaining why he was going to kill himself . included in the package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'the Curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for
figures insist party would carry on if Nigel farage failed to become an MP . private poll put the conservatives on course to retain the seat . but party's justice and home affairs spokesman insists show would go on without him .
Bryan Santana of Orlando, florida, is accused of killing his former roommate Shelby Fazio and her dog last October . prosecutors said he was 'delighting' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman . jurors also heard that after allegedly wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen, he then had sex with her corpse, killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall .
photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the river Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room . the floating dark room is often seen tethered to a skiff in some of the photographs . pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000 .
women paid 62p an hour to make 'feminist' T-shirts in 'sweatshop' factory . workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions . 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more fear for their jobs .
the plant waits for the full moon to 'bloom' and produces tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects . researchers from Stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed .
the university of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school . concerns have been raised over the program, which allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate . tuition, sporting and curricula fees for Scot's College, one of Sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000 .
the 'catamavan' has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables . it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots . 'i wanted something that had a nice, stable platform and was really comfortable' .
official figures released this week reveal that Britain met the target last year . spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over next two years . new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured .
health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic . but the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation . former poet Laureate sir Andrew motion accused town hall bosses of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss . it has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness, according to the BMJ . the respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis .
the senator's partner gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday . it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter in 2011 . the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alexandra .
interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information . physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained .
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses so passengers could falsely claim from insurers . the crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith £159k . he stage-managed the crashes around the Chester area over the three-year period to create new claimants for his business . all of the bogus claims submitted by the Smith's company were for whiplash and 'soft tissue injuries' .
the 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent . defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash . but they were adamant that she struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a Russian sub . comes at a time of heightened tension between Britain and Russia .
the world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson . but scientists hope it will now be able to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the upgrade . it was shut down two years ago - after confirming the discovery of the particle .
celebrities with a home cinema include the Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich . this week we learnt that the Beckhams want one, too . a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’ .
the unique two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, newtown in Sydney’s inner west, was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million . but it failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March . the quirky haven is a short walk to parks, cafes and public transport on King Street in the trendy inner west . it was last bought by his partner Catherine Barber in 1989 for $130,000 .
managers from the largest in the NHS have just filled 225 vacant posts . they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours . it is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas .
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb . he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and developed pneumonia, collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . his parents, carman and Jonathan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son .
Nicola sturgeon said rising retirement age was unfair on pensioners . she said they don't live as long as counterparts in rest of the country . at same time, she demanded huge inflation-busting increase in state pension .
detective Patrick cherry appeared on NBC 4 to 'sincerely apologize' for the outburst . he was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the driver honked his horn . cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty .
after speaking to president Barack Obama on the phone, he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed . he added: 'such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. it would pave it' prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by western powers until a better deal is reached .
the first lady joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage during a choreographed routine . this comes just days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight show starring Jimmy Fallon . on monday, the president read from his favorite childhood book where the wild things are .
church treasurer allegedly veered his pick-up truck off the motorway at 84mph . the 51-year-old's 4x4 exploded as it hit a line of trees near markfield . two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the truck, court told . his wife, Tracy, died after making a flurry of calls to police about sex-obsessed husband .
the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, north Carolina . the area in which the rope is found is home to several offices focused on diversity on the campus .
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . the move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products .
climber filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms . the 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years . he is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards summit .
the 32-year-old was joined by an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former los angeles clippers owner Donald Sterling .
residents of Celoron, new york, hometown of the famous comedienne, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009 . following a recent social media campaign to have the statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture', and pledged to make a new one . the depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue
pictures show al-Qaeda leader Khalid Saeed Batarfi relaxing inside a palace in the city of Mukalla . the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in two days ago, killing two guards . he is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops .
at 42, the actress has the figure of a woman half her age . a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever .
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia . the move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of second world war .
the Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders . 'we welcome him,' board member Richard G. Mason said in a statement .
the great wall of china was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion . the wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually so you could be battling your way through the crowds . private planes come with plenty of legroom and leather interiors, making travel incredible .
tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos . they glow under UV light, meaning they shed light on undetectable pathways . around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected . this means their sewage is being discharged into a river, rather than going to a treatment plant .
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S. Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name starring the late Robin Williams .
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused travel chaos for people trying to travel and work in the country . four flights bound for the city's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility . a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the duststorm . forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend .
Boris Majnaric, 75, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise and last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished . the retired middle school french teacher was not present for the demolition .
president said he's 'sad' and he 'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it, why am I so sad? 'they're leaving me' . the 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and wesleyan .
cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the band after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album . cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture . following the shoot on march 30, 1967, photographer Michael cooper's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall model .
Madison Small, 18, left school early on Monday and, after waking up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital . by Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . the Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given .
experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may have ability to reverse effects of Alzheimer's . drug was developed by britain's pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca . original aim of treating tumours was shelved after it proved ineffective . scientists at Yale university in us have revealed how treatment restored memory . researchers say study has led to launch of human trials to test efficacy .
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after crashing a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia . he suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood . his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta . doctors initially refused to put him on the waiting list for 
housewife Lauren Crawley, 54, from hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant . it makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN .
a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend . police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens . it lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project . the multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases, according to a report in national geographic .
despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez won't let things get her down, as a new video shows . the smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed lip-syncing to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball . as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face, she determinedly raises her arms to indicate she's singing
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until September last year . she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . in the claim, lodged in the southport district court, she states that she now suffers from a permanent disability and subsequently a diminished earning capacity .
the high court ruled today that united lincolnshire hospitals NHS trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries . the hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section on Suzanne Adams and properly monitor her during labour . her son James, now 12, was born with cerebral palsy . he cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair .
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used only her brushes and kryolan paint . mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects . the final result took three hours to achieve after she simply googled pictures .
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into a shop wielding an axe . he demanded cash as an accomplice stood at the door, but was foiled . shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard his demands and ran to subdue him . his wife rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat and he escaped . in the 1990s he was dubbed 'boomerang boy' because he always returned home 
the 25-year-old suspect is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday . their deaths came just months after he allegedly killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match .
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket . they then fled police in a stolen Audi RS7 at speeds of up to 145mph . a list of ATMs was found when they were arrested at a flat in Tamworth . members of the gang used a circular saw, crowbars and an angle grinder .
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with a hammer . the two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in . on the morning of the attack, the court heard that William's sibling Jonathan had smeared mud all over the Coleman's front bay windows . when the victim went to confront him they got into a fight .
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on this morning . she was handcuffed in front of her daughter, now 19, when she was 12 . after the incident, her confidence as a mother was called into question . despite winning her wrongful arrest case, she hasn't received an apology .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found . he was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on march 18 . the house was draped in St. Patrick's decorations and a beer keg was seen outside .
a series of unpublished love letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 . the letters, 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle new york on April 15, were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 . they were saved by Jose until his death in 1995 and were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner .
lib dem campaigner used party's constituency headquarters for film business . former councillor, 50, directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women . sources say actors at auditions for one of her films were told to 'prepare for anything'
cancer claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk, with most deaths after it spreads around the body . latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men yearly diagnosed with the illness . most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are, but a small number have the ability to travel through the body creating new tumours as they go .
organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled . 'travelling the festival in its current form across australia simply doesn’t make financial sense anymore,' the statement read . more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future Music Festival events around the country .
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcute the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B . this allows researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked . instead of being white, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots .
two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin airport . one winglet was left dangling by a thread after the collision on a taxiway . passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses .
Anthony Corrales of new jersey was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the queens section of new york city . he claims a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . when he got out of the car at a red light to take the license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named
ambra Battilana, 22, told police she was groped during a 'business meeting' she did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report . it has been claimed the model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role . but once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case . her former lawyer, mark heller, withdrew from the case as he was concerned she did
labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’ . ten pages of notes apparently left behind in the salford ITV studios where he clashed with four other party leaders . one note appears to explain why he smiled serenely every time he came under fire .
five-year-old was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers' health' . he contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was diagnosed when he was five years old . the boy was refused admission to schools and locals would avoid contact with him so he spent his days playing in the woods alone . now a specialist school in china has stepped in to help him .
mark Jones, 45, is accused of murdering 41-day-old amelia Rose Jones . she died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather . miss Jones, 25, told the court that when she returned home he told her she was 'a bloody nightmare' he denies murder and says he dropped her on two separate nights .
the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence . it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44 . he did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court today . but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer .
woman, thought to be in her 60s, found floating in the water at boat club in sawley . man, 65, arrested and released on police bail following 'suspicious' death . area was cordoned off for forensic examination and investigation in 'early stages' police say post-mortem examination failed to establish cause of death and results of further tests will not be known 'for some time'
the penthouse apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of australia 108 . it is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . the new owner plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed . more than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since it went on the market .
sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to city council about relationship . couple, from Ward End, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support . but three years later, when they bought a house, jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord .
a new Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in december . a woman in london was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver . it is hoped Sullivan, 46, can protect Uber from potentially crippling ramifications .
passengers will be able to take a selfie and share it on facebook . the #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's new 787 routes . mood lighting is available in all classes, helping with jetlag . full length windows in the toilets can be darkened with a touch of a button .
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies . all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor . like the jet - estimated to cost around $1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years - the helmet is incredibly expensive . each custom-made piece of high-
the comedian was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven for a shopping trip in new jersey . it comes almost a year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend . he suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, broken nose and broken ribs . this comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the snl 40th anniversary special .
allie, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered ten-question document yesterday . told boyfriend he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in relationship' posted results of not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter . revealed boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with 80% score . after series of questions, she demands, 'briefly explain solange knowles elevator incident'
29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony . he died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . it is believed he was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to concrete metres below .
ambra Battilana, 22, claims the 63-year-old asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday night . but a recorded conversation between Weinstein and her shows he did not deny touching her, it has been claimed . he voluntarily spoke with police and is cooperating with their investigation .
'i can’t see out of my right eye, and that’s the way it’s going to be until something comes along that’ll change it,' he said . the 75-year-old senator suffered broken bones in his face while working out in his searchlight, nevada, home with a plastic exercise band . last week the conservative powerline blog suggested that Reid may have been beat up by his brother, Larry .
ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence . she called 911 on monday telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan . the pharmacist told deputies she did not have to abide by U.S. laws because she was being held against her will by the government .
this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide . life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study . the scientists found signs of bacteria which had suffered severe oxygen depletion and hydrogen poisoning which would have been caused by massive volcanic rifts in the Earth's tectonic plates .
a former friend of the ex-new england patriots player Aaron Hernandez testified at his murder trial on wednesday . Alexander Bradley said he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd . but he will not testify about a separate 2013 incident in which he contends Hernandez shot him in the face . the murder weapon in the case has not been recovered, but prosecutors have said
professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face . he claims he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face as part of hospital treatment . but witnesses say he had actually been hitting the patient, tribunal hears . the world-renowned facial surgeon faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three patients .
researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, looked at military records of 3.9million military personnel who served after 9/11 . found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates . suicides among active duty service members have surged in the past decade, almost doubling in the Army and the marines .
six-month-old kitten was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . it had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east of Sydney, last month . vet clinic, my vet animal hospital, shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media . since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries .
prelate allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple Judas Iscariot . he allegedly had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave . labourer, 32, claims he was contacted by priest six months ago on facebook .
the bodies of four people, including two boys under the age of ten, were discovered in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on wednesday . police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself . officers found a handgun near the father's body and are not seeking a suspect .
the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle has spoken for the first time since the end of his son's killer's trial . he said he and wife deby were 'surviving' now that they had time to process their sons death . Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh, after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his PTSD . in February, Routh was sentenced to life in prison without the
police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of 18-year-old college student anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell . 'any father is going to try and find out if your daughter may or may not be in a house or being held or some of her belongings or at a location,' Katherine hadsell said . the family says they've been left in the dark about how police were led to the pond in the first place .
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in court charged with indecent assault . the Sudanese refugee allegedly touched a 15-year-old girl's crotch . police say he prevented her from leaving by grabbing on her jeans . he then allegedly put his hand on her vagina through her pants . it was then the girl was successful in getting away from him .
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . he allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he forced her into his car on Saturday night . when her parents returned home from work at around noon on Sunday, they learned of the kidnapped girl from their oldest son . the girl told police that she
the inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset as a joint development . the estate, which is on his duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester, already has a prince george house .
the owl was spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at his brother's wing . his sibling rivalry then gets the better of him, as he swoops under his wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war . the scene was photographed by 48-year-old sales manager Dean Mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter .
the native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland . now it’s disappeared from around 80% of that area with small populations remaining in Queensland, the northern territory and western australia . in recent years the bilby has become an important part of the australian Easter tradition but its ties with our Indigenous community dates back much further .
former prime minister appears to be falling asleep at a reunion party in 1959 . he was guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the ambassador . also seen are Viscount Montgomery and 1st Earl Harold Alexander . churchill, then 84, was famously partial to a daytime drink .
Gary Ross Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the Pet Rock, has died aged 78 in southern Oregon . his rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 . they came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire .
Michael Olsen, 52, abandoned his car after ploughing into a traffic island . he ignored the officers but when they got out he turned around and pulled a gun to his colleague's head . when he lunged at him in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot . the officers were able to restrain and arrest him, where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .
father-of-three, 30, was diagnosed with stage four hodgkin lymphoma . he was told he had just two months to live and planned his own funeral . but after making a recovery he has been told his cancer is now in remission . the security guard has rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee .
former redgum frontman has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a rally . the songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness . but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose 'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation' .
a 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan says she dated kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003 . she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . but she says he kept his basement padlocked, which she found peculiar . in the book, she describes him as nothing short of a gentleman .
69-year-old died after being involved in a four-way crash in malibu, california . her two adult stepchildren are said to be considering a wrongful death suit . 'the sky's the limit' if it came to a court case, with juries able to award huge sums . but sources close to the investigation say he's only insured up to $250,000 .
Rilwan Oshodi, 31, bought Karen Budow's bank details for just £3,200 . he then spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers . but he insists he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers . judge tells him if he doesn't return his ill-gotten gains he will spend four more years in prison .
model, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at M&S . the sleepwear collection features sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints .
the 22-year-old has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet . he has been replaced by a new body confident Sam, complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe . the popstar has been named a 'today I'm Wearing' star by fashion magazine .
aleksandr glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed . an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . he looped back and was arrested by police .
last week weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, asked president Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on the Fourth of July . she passed away from complications due to pneumonia . while living at Silver Oaks, she exercised in her wheelchair three times a week and ate three meals a day .
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police . he allegedly walked up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt . it is not known whether he identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress .
aspiring singer Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar alone in ybor city, florida, on february 12 . she was found by divers in her sunken car in a lake a few blocks from her home . autopsy results show she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana . her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving .
a new study by pew Charitable Trusts has revealed the exact salary you need to qualify in each state . Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483 . Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by new jersey with $70,165 . the top five is completed by Hawaii and the district of Columbia .
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death in a shop in the coastal city of Hua Hin . he is believed to have argued with his girlfriend moments before his death . also understood to have clashed with a man who was talking to his girlfriend . incident happened after he spotted his girlfriend at a bar in the city .
supermarket named best breakfast in the country by menu innovation and development awards . 'mystery shoppers' tried breakfasts at restaurants, pubs and hotels nationwide to name Morrisons the winner . supermarket chain's infamous big breakfast is one of the most popular items on its breakfast menu .
one in five young professionals now consider themselves to have a problem . nearly half think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out . young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was drunk .
le Femme, in new jersey, offers training to those who have undergone sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine . created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin . curriculum includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape .
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders . she uses mink fur and a fluffy owl named leo to make her dolls . the dolls take her around two days to produce and she has since received hundreds of orders from all over the world .
nearly all of the offenders who were granted clemency were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin . eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison .
the woman's lawyer says the ruling was made by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Matthew Cooper . the ruling says the defendant has only been in touch with his wife via phone and Facebook . it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by the hard-to-find husband .
a 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks . he was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory . health authorities are now sifting through hospital patient records to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered .
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint . police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . also arrested was Hanung pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for the green room villas where the painter was staying .
bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the us and events staged by the professional bull riders' association are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year . one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort .
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with her husband . she was told she could die within months from breast cancer . but she bought the £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed chemotherapy . contacted easyjet to delay her trip after discovering she needed treatment . airline has since apologised and refunded her £176 flight change charges .
Kansai international airport has never lost a piece of luggage since opening in 1994 . staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards . this makes it easier for travellers to collect their luggage . seven of the top 10 airports are located in Asia .
labour leader admits he cried when he watched the 2014 film starring bill nighy and imelda staunton . he said he struggled with hand-eye coordination but played manic miner as a 12-year-old . but he admitted he had a 'big passion' for the 1983 video game .
the patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot, in the same way one might download an app . friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality . the robot personality thereby becomes transportable or transferable .
the 51-year-old sold the 7,500-square-foot apartment for $37.5million . it comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . the property is located on the top floor of the new museum's 158 Mercer street building .
the 44-year-old comedian is a part of levo league's new Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve . on average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men . in the video, she recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60 .
extremist group's first English bulletin aired on its al-Bayan radio network . it boasts of ISIS victories in yarmouk, a suicide bombing and mortar attacks . broadcast hosted by man with an american accent takes listener through the main events of the day .
the £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long creatures . the creatures were moved at a cost of £2,500 per animal to allow dredging . more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with waters .
'as I go home every night, I figure he might ambush me like he did my son,' says Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee . in a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . he somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . Taylor, 23, was convicted of first-degree murder in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr,
south australian law professor says police acted 'outrageously' by subjecting a woman to an oral swab test after she flashed her breasts . the 38-year-old was caught streaking by a camera car for the popular google map app . police say the mother 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself .
on Saturday, the probe swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface . it was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail . the top right frame offers a breathtaking view onto Hapi, the comet’s ‘neck’ region littered with boulders . in the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to
shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter as members of the '1 per cent' Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms' business spokesman Chuka umunna raised stakes, suggesting former diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of the CBI .
devout Christians around the world have been taking part in awe-inspiring and shocking Holy Week celebrations . thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation . in northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in divisive tradition .
father and sons harassed pensioners with dementia in the street . they would drive them home from the post office and demand money . if they had no money on them, they would be driven to a cash point to withdraw it . the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s .
when he was born 12 weeks early, he weighed just 1lb 30z, little more than a bag of sugar . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem . doctors told his parents many times he had no chance of surviving . but he battled on and is about to celebrate his first birthday .
chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) is the world's most expensive Easter treat . the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania origin chocolate . it contains 548,000 calories and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes .
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson . she initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor . but she later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a
the 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in 2013 . but a group of former models have rescued hundreds of stray dogs . they have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed over 2,500 . angels claim government funds for neutering the animals were never implemented . 'dog catchers' round up dogs and take them to holding pens where 'they are waiting to die'
two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken . the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states . for three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC .
allie dodds, 24, published recipes for friends and family on her blog . her recipes caught the eye of gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, Ashy Bines, in 2012 . but she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower recipe in a 2012 edition of her clean eating recipe book . she did not respond to questions after a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from on Tuesday .
the crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
reality star joined party leader on boat trip to find out about the election . told reporters he only knew about the party leader was he is a 'really, really reem guy' . he said: 'what i'm going to try do is give you my opinions'
researchers at the Massachusetts institute of technology have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad . it can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested . the six-minute test could give an early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease .
four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on may 11 . he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days and hopes to return to work in September . the 45-year-old politician was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year .
aspinal of London has teamed up with international style icon Olivia Palermo to design a limited edition handbag . the 'tech tote' is a fusion of technology and style . all profits from the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM .
cassandra Fortin, 17, has been in temporary custody of the state department of children and families since december . the state agency won temporary custody last fall after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them . but the state Supreme Court ruled against her claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions . she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, 
fourth sandstorm to hit north-west of country this year alone . city of Golmud in north west china succumbs to sweeping half-hour storm . visibility reduced to as little as 30 metres as authorities struggle to deal with natural hazards .
sherrell starred alongside white dee on channel 4's benefits street . the mother-of-two says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation . she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth . but she has won a place in the top model of colour final .
more than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq . more than half the countries in the world have joined al qaeda and islamic state . report warns if IS is defeated in the war-torn region they could be scattered .
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal . their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian consul general in Miami . police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers . the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the
five-year-old Ava Ciach, from geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis . the condition means the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain . she had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle .
the girl in the spider's web, published worldwide on august 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson . the 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist, whom she helps solve a murder mystery .
collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo . tradition can be traced back to the years following the first world war when eggs symbolised new life and hope .
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain . but her carers failed to seek medical help and lifted her back into bed . a nurse realised she was in agony and called an ambulance 24 hours later . carers, Susan Logan and Lauren Gillies, were jailed for six months . judge branded them 'idle' and said they cut corners to give themselves longer breaks .
a handwritten note from a passenger has gone viral on twitter . it was posted by pilot jai dillon, who was shown the plane by a colleague . she writes that she feels the need to 'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand' the photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited 3,000 times .
mascot was 'kidnapped' from the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month . owl has been pictured sunbathing on a beach towel and taking a camel ride . the £7.99 ornament has already jetted off to belgium, benidorm and Tunisia .
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets, the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep . on average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours . the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows .
the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in south Wales . it is voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor . the park has been snapped up by the heritage organisation .
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, was appearing on the spanish version . he belted out the 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar . audience whooped with delight as judges sat wide-eyed in amazement .
veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp . they stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock .
mark dawe, head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA examinations board, said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests . he said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway . campaigners say it would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
a Reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields . the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas .
YouTube star Promise Tamang shows how to contour her face . the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve sharp cheekbones . her bone structure is a result of clever contouring .
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995 . her son Tom Ballard, 26, plans to climb the second highest mountain in the world . last month he became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the Alps .
vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . he says he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the u.s. medical school . on his blog, Almost Black, he said that none of his family approves of his book . his sister, vera mindy chokalingam, of the Mindy Project and is everyone hanging out without me?, strongly disappro
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014 . he had already run several half marathons and raised $1,700 for two friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy . but the tumor didn't stop him from running, and he decided to run the 10th annual Antelope Island Buffalo Run with his father .
four men and women appeared in court accused of human trafficking . six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents describe as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births' at the centre of the scandal was Ilie Ionita, 35, and co-conspirators Valeriu Rosu, 42, Florian Stan, 33, and Florin Coman 25 . all face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million .
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday afternoon . police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased him down the street before opening fire . his mother, LaToya Howell, said justus wanted to be a surgeon .
prince Harry will arrive in australia next Monday ahead of his final tour of duty . he'll serve alongside elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney . the prince will also spend time with Indigenous soldiers in the northern territory .
'i refuse to go to my grave with no children and only four lovers,' she declares . 'if i can't have one, i must have the other,' says the 42-year-old .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday . police captain Richard Henke said of president Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years' in the other emails president Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak english . black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman .
Kim was a vision of health as she watched fiance Andy Murray's match against south africa's Kevin Anderson . the 27-year-old donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag . she will marry her long-term partner later this month .
experts in us found 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments . those who sold at lowest point eight years ago would only have £63,000 today . if they had resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 . comes days before retirees in uk given power to decide how to spend savings .
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . the sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets – driving share prices down and borrowing costs up .
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the onion blocked his windpipe . he frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door . but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life 'slipping away' luckily 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to his back .
father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey works for ministry of defence . it is believed he works in military's post office, where he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas . he has been put on compassionate leave after the mod considered suspending him .
typhoon maysak was initially a category 5 cyclone, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today . as it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h) it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon .
triathlete nearly died in a car crash in 2010 . she vowed to wear only fancy dress costumes for 40 days of lent . the two women rated buskers in london's Trafalgar Square . they also rode the tube as lifeguards and pitched to clients in their pyjamas .
judge ruled that 49-year-old Lishan Wang should be sent to Connecticut Valley Hospital for treatment . mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . Wang is charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor, 34, and shooting but missing Toor's then-pregnant wife outside their Branford, Connecticut, home in 2010 .
the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that John Bieniewicz, 44, could have lived . 'we hope this lawsuit sends a message that when you commit uncivilized acts in a civilized world there are consequences, even beyond the criminal realm,' said attorney .
new york-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love .
small egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily . called Greenstone, the device is designed to make these off-the-grid networks stronger . it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)
death of Shahnawaz, 40, has shaken the city of Delhi . he was returning home from a family function when his motorcycle grazed a car . five strongmen mercilessly beat his father to death over a traffic quarrel .
italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the northern lights in all their glory . the 42-year-old led a group of her students to Vik and Hella where they were blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle . while she takes and edits all manner of photographs, she has a particular affinity with the night sky .
corporal mark Donaldson is one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan . four years earlier he was a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who boasted he would kill the royal heir . he is now heading for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, western australia .
current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies . the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills . retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland . veteran CIA analyst
friends went to the house in Xalo, near Benidorm, on sunday afternoon . they found the door open and the couple locked in each other's arms . police say they are not ruling out a line of inquiry but believe they were murdered .
the research vessel flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years . the 355-foot vessel has to be towed to its location where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface . instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat, it keeps its position .
the one-touch-911 app was designed by researchers at MIT . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers . calls are placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . if the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call . the app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these
Seth Casteel photographed 750 babies in schools across ten different states to create his new book, Underwater Babies . he says he was drawn to the book after hearing of the statistics of the numbers of children that drown .
two-year-old darcy atkinson died of brain injuries in 2012 . he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system . the toddler had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend .
police removed the mummified body from the house in the Richmond area . it is believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her daughter . residents said the mother had not been seen for years . another man, archibald Ragin, lived at the property but died 15 years ago .
residents forced to flee their homes as blaze went out of control in california . fire started as controlled burn but quickly spread due to high winds . firefighters managed to get the blaze under control by 7pm on tuesday .
Caleb Benn, a high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface . it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . an engineer from Instagram allegedly sent Benn an email last week, claiming the app violated the company's terms of service . the email asked Benn to 'fix' the app by Monday, but Benn said doing this would make the app pointless .
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen tvs dotted around his monmouthshire council house, each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles . his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs . at least 16 of his children were taken off him and their mothers by social services .
italian Glamour: the Essence of Italian Fashion, from the post-war years to the present day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style . it was compiled by two men who were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in Italy . the book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest italian brands .
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . rookie cop told investigators that the 31-year-old Cleveland officer talked about it in the days after the shooting in october
support for the party has dropped from 16.75 per cent in November to 12.25 per cent today . voters appear to switch to the conservatives in the run up to the election . but the party leader said he expects to recover momentum in the lead-up . he is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories .
abijath Desikan, 35, arrested following 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay . he was charged with armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . the man, of no fixed address, was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning .
the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn's facebook page has sparked an internet firestorm . thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes, expressing their disgust at the messages they express . the community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections .
'we are not a debt colony, we have the same rights as other countries have', he says . he insists he has not asked for – or received – financial aid . his government has been handed a list of reforms it must carry out . but it has not received bailout funds since Syriza took power in January .
the couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' . after refusing to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests, a furious Dawn stormed out . 'it was one mistake,' said Jamie, blaming his refusal to take the test on his MS .
Sinn Fein president sparked outrage by suggesting incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’ . comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten who disappeared from her home in Belfast in 1972 . she was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer, suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead .
the ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies . the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of relativity .
employee of pizza hut in canada shared doctor's note on reddit . he praising patient for 'sensibly staying home from work' . the note has been shared thousands of times online . it has sparked a debate on the social media site .
police have found the car a teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner . 18-year-old Billy-Anne Huxham was reportedly woken up, attacked with a machete and taken from her home . detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend .
Nicola Sturgeon swamped with requests for selfies in wake of live debate . polls suggest surge in support for the SNP will cost labour a majority . she has refused to work with the conservatives under any circumstances . but she has held out the possibility of putting him into power .
pet aquarium fish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length in the waterways of western australia . the native fish in the region are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows . aside from feasting on local fish, introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way . but one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in coldstream in march . they found emaciated, sick and dying hens living in filthy conditions . the farm sells caged, free-range chicken and duck eggs . but the owner of the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly .
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, Kentucky, won a free trip to Puerto Rico through his workplace . but his wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . the photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur and nearly 3,000 comments on reddit .
university of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you . limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . the science of stress was explained in a video for the american chemical society .
the mayor of london today launched the tory campaign in the capital . he said the labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their home . said he would embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism' also claimed the greens want a return to 'somewhere around the bronze age'
seven out of 10 business chiefs think Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' FTSE 100 chairman poll reveals overwhelming support for pm to remain . comes after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against a labour government .
the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter . teen users have taken to the social media site to voice their frustrations . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels . others address that unlike her perfect YA contemporaries, she suffers from adolescent ailments .
pm vowed to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration . warned it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' he conceded that he understood the 'frustrations' of Ukip voters .
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons . he pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus . during the second day of the sentence hearing, he was
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland, after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail for her husband on facebook . 'i was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal,' he said . Rudd said that she had been dealing with the shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer .
angela postle, from southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . the mother-of-five sent the fruit to the Queensland environmental health branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . 'i'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. we need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' she said .
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . 27-year-old had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts . doctors ordered her to go to the gym to gain some weight . there, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer . says bodybuilding gave her confidence to overcome depression .
items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york . Memorabilia on sale includes his plaque commemorating the installation of the monkees' star on hollywood . also up for sale are a red director’s chair with 'the monkeys' logo across the back, expected to fetch up to $400 .
former bomb disposal expert slimmed down from 32st to 16st . the 56-year-old had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago . father-of-three says he has a new lease of life after losing half his bodyweight .
the first phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled . opulent overwater bungalows are available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times . each bungalow sleeps eight people and offers a view of both the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon .
pm insists coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' in message . bishops complain welfare claimants are ‘described in terms that imply they are undeserving, dependent and ought to be self-sufficient’ . 'just because some people have disagreed with our policies, does not mean those policies are missing in moral content,' he says .
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border . he was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) . his mother Amanda had no idea her son was at war in the middle east . but she paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral .
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy . 11-year-old Luke Shambrook is 'fascinated' by water but can't swim . he has been missing for two nights in a national park in victoria . temperatures dropped to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night .
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday . a joint RSPCA and Queensland police taskforce is now investigating . early investigations suggest the dogs were killed as they were too slow . there were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said .
unidentified man shot himself at the theme park in Hollywood, california, on friday . police say he was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend, who works in a restaurant . he vandalized his ex's car last week and was escorted off the premises . but despite court orders banning him from the park, he spotted near water slides .
three women scoring red carpet gigs and A-list actors have been dubbed 'power stylists' in the list . sixth place is Elizabeth Stewart, a former fashion editor for women's wear daily and the new york times . also scoring eighth place is Cristina Elrich, the stylist responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for Aussie beauty Margot Robbie .
kiwi couple snapped up a bargain by buying property for $1.25 million less than it is worth . the four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price . real estate agent Tony Keegan said the previous owners were desperate to sell, which resulted in the million-dollar bargain .
the four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday . the time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and western australia, where daylight saving is not observed . Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries .
a Nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket to Stephanie Fragoso . she was cited for putting on lib balm while behind the wheel . the ticket caused her to receive points against her driving record . it is part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers .
big cat was seen at Kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd . lion tries to take a bite out of the hippo's back but ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother .
the woman and child were stranded in their car in high water around 9:30 a.m. on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky . authorities requested a state police helicopter to try to find them, but the weather was too bad for an aerial search . more than 100 water rescues were made in the area since 1am friday .
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing . a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . stress makes adrenal glands release male hormones, which trigger more oil production, blocking pores .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the conservatives . just under 9% under labour and just over 9 per cent under current coalition . figures are a further boost for the tories ahead of the general election .
Luc Donckerwolke criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on facebook . he said the saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur . the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears .
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth, denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old Bailey . alleged ringleader of the scheme, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims . abiola balogun, 22, Gideon Boateng, 19, Tevin Campbell, 20, Joshua Clark, 20, Rebecca Jack, 21, Patrick Reddington, 20, and Christiana Tella, 19, are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away .
the moody french sensation is taking the modelling world by storm . last year, she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne . Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld .
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter criticising party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘from all walks of life’ . signatories warned about ‘proliferation of zero-hours contracts’ they claimed were ‘letting down Britain’ and showed 'we need a Labour Government to put working people first' within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signators included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires
the former math and calculus teacher chaperoned a 17-year-old student in may 2013 . she pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . on friday, she was sentenced to 30-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest .
the Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies . before that, the Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . there is still a small group of stars considered capable of pulling people into theaters in droves .
married couple were hit shortly before 10am on Easter Sunday in Durham . the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern . authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured . a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment .
the luxury penthouse at the London west Hollywood hotel will cost $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night . the 10th-floor suite will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design . guests can spot westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping .
china is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the south china sea, the US Navy has claimed . the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size . it is being built among the Spratly Islands in the region . five islands have already been made, with two more in development . experts have said the activities could be damaging local ecosystems .
around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, new jersey, when the ceiling collapsed . one woman suffered a serious but non-life threatening head injury . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
cody Neatis, 8, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection . he has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube . the hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he needs to sleep in . his mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the mattress with him for the past week . she watches him sleep in case he pulls out his oxygen or hurts himself .
the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers if doing so would violate their religious convictions . the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests. both states found themselves in the crosshairs, and even Republican lawmakers began to distance themselves from the laws as written .
glorious spring weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week - and the weather will be warmer than in many Mediterranean sun spots . southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far . it comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend .
the mission will take place in two parts, and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM . it is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens . experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit .
more than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for the veteran to be allowed to stay in his house . but the council insists he cannot be treated as a special case .
premenstrual symptoms such as irritability, cravings and fatigue are common, but they're not normal . naturopathic doctor Dr Lara Briden says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet .
many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services . but a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor . alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for end to religious selection .
graphic designer used satellite data to chart how constellations have changed . he estimates how the constellations will change from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE . results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations may need to be renamed entirely in the future .
woman, 19, was changing in cubicle in Aqua Vale swimming pool in aylesbury, buckinghamshire, when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . she kicked him and he then disappeared . police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently . incident thought to be connected to another sexual assault at the same pool on february 7 .
the 34-year-old was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test . he said he was infuriated by the lib dem leader's 'scaremongering' over foreigners . the air steward is the second liberal democrat to go public with their HIV positive status .
the liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area .
photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the rare images as the Colima volcano erupted . the 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere . blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud .
nursing student Anthony Clark Reed was pulled over in Detroit, Michigan . 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing . he suffered a fatal heart attack and was searching for his inhaler . father, pastor Kevin Clark, claims police were indirectly responsible for his death .
pupils at riverview junior school in Gravesend, Kent, banned from running . staff say they are trying to tackle dangerous 'chasing' game . parents say they need to 'let off steam' during breaks and get exercise .
traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover . this year they have appeared on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus . from yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of cheese . here is FEMAIL's selection of the most unusual eggs .
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK .
traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world . this wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages . but a movement of fledgling organisations such as the south china nature society is challenging centuries of tradition .
former intelligence officer said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ . he reported possible paedophile ring at the northern Ireland children’s home . spoke out during a meeting with victim, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster gang . campaigners claim his account provides a clear link between a 'credible' claim a tory MP murdered a young boy .
an elderly couple have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg . the 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman will appear in court on friday . local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted greyhounds .
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in six years . mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and can barely speak . hasn't touched a drop of alcohol since - longest spell of abstinence . hopes story will push government to do more to prevent drinking epidemic .
temperature recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula . over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4°C (63.3°F) and 17.5°C (63.5%) this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods . with no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear . he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day .
two 17-year-old boys have not been in contact with their families for several days . one is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, who was 15 . he was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims . the grandson of a sharia judge, munshi was jailed for two years in 2008 .
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west . the men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout . their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool . police are now appealing for
the 92-year-old gossip columnist is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career . she claims she was asked by IAC chairman in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane von Furstenberg . 'people are already afraid of you. so what will you gain? And also, you like women,' she says .
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five . police searched his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers . despite his admittance, he pleaded 'not guilty' in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery .
massive rescue operation underway after trawler sank in the sea of Okhotsk . the ship, called the Dalny Vostok, was carrying an international crew of 132 . it tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in . 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia . at the latest count there are 13 members of the crew still missing .
LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness . 'blue light' emitted from gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints, ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer . modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology . this matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort .
after nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands . the bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory . discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires .
top gear took up first, second, third and fifth spots in catch-up service's top five . the four episodes in february were watched a total of 9,047,000 times . episode two alone was watched 2,645,000 times, according to the daily mail . figures for march are expected to see a sharp decline since only two episodes of Top Gear were shown before Jeremy Clarkson's suspension .
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000 . it is the strongest increase since April in 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data . the performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter .
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of executive plaza building . found on third-floor balcony of neighboring Michelangelo hotel, near rockefeller center . tax adviser from Birmingham, west Midlands, worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young . he was on a business trip when he fell from balcony at 8.30am on monday .
Hakeem Kuta, 17, died after falling from the roof of a six-story building in the Bronx on tuesday night . he appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from cops, police said . officers were responding to complaints about a group smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building . when officers got to the roof, some teens jumped and ran away . but his 14-year-old companion was pinned in by 
professional wrestler took a different approach when he pulled out his son's tooth . he revved up the engine of his red camero before pulling it clean out . the eight-year-old can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth .
afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at sea-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift . the incident left him unable to use his legs or right arm and much of his intestinal tract had to be removed by surgeons . he went on to sue the port of . Seattle - which owns and operates the airport - saying that the company . failed to maintain a safe workplace . but
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested in Philadelphia on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group . she was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home . authorities said that she communicated with a fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation . 'i can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied . her home, which had been under surveillance by FBI for the past week,
infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the 800-year-old castle at peril . a £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers . the castle towers above the town of Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border .
identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January . the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game . no charges have been filed and no arrests have been made, but a Maricopa County attorney's office spokesman confirmed prosecutors
Keith Cameron scammed dying friend and neighbour out of £476,864 in complicated ruse . he promised lighting architect a £2million return on investment in just two years . but it was all an elaborate lie and he spent it on lavish lifestyle and holidays . his widow, Elizabeth, said: 'my daughters and i will be dealing with consequences'
four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old english springer spaniel jess trained for six months . dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus Serpula lacrymans that digests parts of the wood which give it strength . if not treated, it can destroy a building .
a couple from texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots . the couple hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' the couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the wedding when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident .
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital . he has a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome . his mother had to give up her job in Perth in order to care for him full-time . without an income, she has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her son and her daughter, seven .
'how could you be so heartless? you still have a family; you have taken mine from me,' said the 54-year-old . 'my guilt and remorse will be with me forever. I ask for your forgiveness, and I pray for your healing,' he said .
plain-clothes police are attempting to drive down pickpocket crimes in the west end . gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers before stealing their cash and belongings . in one example metropolitan police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists .
self-styled 'angry Leftie revolutionary and magician' made remark . he mocked the pm over his disabled son, who died aged six in 2009 . 24-year-old is a big fan of the comedian and regularly tweets him .
money was collected from students at the university of Surrey . it was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly . currency was then monitored for three to four days . students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their coins . most common type of bacteria found on coins was harmless bacillus mycoides . but money has been known to carry dangerous diseases .
the network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003 . but according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004 . 'he likes to sort of tell these grandiose tales... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his
at 177 calories, a Creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off . a large Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of rowing . and a 90g packet of mini eggs contains 444 calories .
sperm bank is relocating from its offices in new york to a research park in florida . the new site is just yards from the university of central fl, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, roughly 23,000 of whom are male . donations can be anonymous, but the company encourages people to become non-anonymous donors, allowing children to know their identity .
no one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea . our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s . many people in the u.s., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives . the book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune .
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician . he is one of five men accused of killing the opposition leader in february . now he says he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the killing .
a male narcotics officer posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 . he also seized cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol . the two schools hit in this operation were pearland high school and Dawson high school .
labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms . claims they make uk an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' but in January he said: 'if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave'
205 seals were legally killed in scotland last year by farmers, fishermen and angling firms . some cubs are left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead . campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future was ranked 19th on list of 23 policies presented to voters . it comes after Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections .
the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of . April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain . America: . The Winter Soldier . it also ranks . ninth among the top ten openings in history .
the two-year-old tabby has been missing for almost a week . his crate was tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open . he escaped after one of the ropes became tangled on something .
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion . other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space . one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in a matter of weeks, not months . it is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas .
corrie has reportedly just overturned a ban on its cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns . actress Katy Cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including Whitbread, Lancome, iPlayer Restart and Nestle Kit Kats . rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors have led bosses to revise the ban .
it has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and tells her whenever she is going out following his cheating scandal last year . it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as she fears that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction .
bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai national park, in southern Alaska . but the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose .
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china . she would send her salary home to her father, who was blinded in an accident . her mother died when she was five, and her father was also blind . but he encouraged her to study hard and she left home as a teenager . after three months, she handed in her resignation letter to a new department . bosses at the glass-processing factory promoted her to head up the new department
the 53-year-old kept the lights up after christmas ahead of autism week . he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April for Autism Awareness Month . neighbours branded him a 'pikey' and wrote 'yours sincerely, a disgruntled citizen'
misao Okawa, 117, died of heart failure at her nursing home in western japan . born on march 5, 1898, she lived through two world wars and the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright brothers . she was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached age of 117 .
teenager died after falling from cliff and plunging into the sea in northumberland . he was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter . police have said they are not treating the teen's death as suspicious .
Deputy pm is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency . he won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote . today he insisted: 'we are going to win Sheffield hallam. we are confident but not complacent'
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show . the model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing . after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
the Mail's exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was, sadly, made up . Jeremy Clarkson renounced petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul', and decided to devote his post-Top Gear life to campaigning against carbon emissions .
the disappearance of 13-year-old Marion Carole Rees did not appear suspicious . the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends, a coronial inquest has found . she may still want to avoid detection and not wish to make contact with her family, she said .
becca and Dale Litchfield decided to sacrifice their dream wedding to have one last shot at IVF . they were heartbroken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding or fertility treatment . but weeks later they were overjoyed when they won a contest which allowed them to finally get married .
the emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his scandalous administration . she routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . the emails were released on friday by the state of oregon .
the plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio dashboard, which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15, 2015 .
millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State park around 4.40pm on Saturday . the teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell .
prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into pool in Ringwood, Hampshire . his owners had been taking him for a walk when he was unable to get out . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the pool .
twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature . tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages . this means wordsmiths will get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet . feature is available on twitter’s website and the iphone app . it will also roll out to android handsets soon .
president's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators . but he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made' . speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the u.s., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran were on the verge of making a deal .
teacher asked pupils to make changes to their SATs exam answers . this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard . the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupils' exam answers himself . school officials were tipped off after the suspected breach of exam rules . investigation led to the department for education annulling results .
10-man saints beat blackburn 1-1 in extra time at St Mary's . Sam Gallagher scored a wonder-strike to win the trophy for the club . but the home side were reduced to 10 men late on in normal time .
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll high school's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, to gay rights groups and strangers . now, principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed her - have reportedly told the teenager that she may
prince of wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in penrith, cumbria . he was inspecting a photo exhibition entitled herdwick: a portrait of a lakeland . prince bent down to coo over 16-month-old Noah Ginesi but didn't pick him up .
a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to 177,675 in 2010 . Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, revealed to have most number of licences - 3259 . Bathurst, 200km west of sydney, a close second at 3075 .
media personality, 53, has released a cook book of her favourite recipes . 'my love affair with food' features over 40 recipes and personal photos . Hutton bucks 'diet/health cookbook' trend and is bringing back wholesome food .
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes in central london . the university college student is suspected of grooming three young women . she is accused of running the vice ring with 37-year-old police officer Daniel Williams . he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up his chimney .
the couple have submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . industry experts say home cinemas are now an 'expected' luxury in £10m homes . but does it reap financial rewards when it comes to selling?
study of 1,500 teachers found 30% of teachers have suffered online abuse . bullying by parents accounts for 40% of all reported online insults this year . a female dance teacher said she had been called a 'paedophile' for filming performance .
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' but his crackdown, intended to regain political initiative, backfired spectacularly . made stinging attack on firms that use 'exploitative' contracts .
the 'cuddle chair' looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . the head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing . a chest cushion supports the passenger's chest in a natural, forward-leaning motion .
the company expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week . it says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch . the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning .
hundreds braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession in southern germany . in male Trakany, Slovakia, men threw buckets of water at women as part of the weekend celebrations . a similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs .
James Robarge, 45, of Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly . her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity . he has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years . in a statement read by his lawyer on Friday, he told his daughters, 'i love you guys more
'we are not talking about little green men,' said chief scientist for Nasa . announcement prompted by recent discovery of water by the agency . astronomers have so far focused on looking for Earth-like planets around smaller, cooler suns .
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia, italy . his DNA was found all over the bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found half-naked with her throat slit in 2007 . prosecutors claimed the murder was a sex game gone wrong .
research has revealed that the frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet . this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times in 1990 .
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins . each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted . the 29-year-old from Bend, Oregon, hopes to complete the entire series by September this year .
all 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents . local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . one pensioner, Graham White, 76, said residents think the property looks 'more like a children's playscheme'
the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast released a three-paragraph statement on monday . he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal .
police arrested 12 protesters when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built . while the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction . about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail .
Rurik Jutting, 30, is accused of the murders of two young Indonesian women . his case has been adjourned for five weeks after the prosecution asked for more time . he returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial .
police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago . this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall, north carolina . three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot . she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death . the man who
58-year-old Diane McLean and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when their four-bedroom apartment went up in flames last week . a GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family . 19 people were injured, some of them critically, and dozens were left homeless . investigators believe an illegally tapped gas line may have been the cause .
the 31-year-old flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants . after doctors in the uk started turning him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery . he even approached Botched doctors Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif about getting back implants on last season's show, who ultimately said no .
woman, 26, claims she was sunbathing on a private beach in Playa del Carmen . friends say she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70 . the beach is one of the most popular among tourists from Europe and the u.s .
lingerie model and animal rights activist, 30, has been documenting her changing pregnancy body on Instagram . critics claim her incredibly trim and toned physique could harm her unborn child . but she hasn't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her figure with a new snap .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night . the plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to the airport, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on . officials first said that the pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway .
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on social networking site . career criminal claimed he worked in 'midnight removals' in his online profile . he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries .
Memories pizza in small town of Walkerton, indiana, has closed its doors . owners crystal and Kevin O'Connor said they would refuse to cater a gay wedding . he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online, according to TMZ . more than $440,000 has been raised for the pizza joint on goFundMe .
the big brother winner, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 in 2006 . but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on animal tranquiliser ketamine . nine years on the tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down .
ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday night . the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland and posted it on her Instagram . a movie industry source said Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their meeting and told her he would be backstage
corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of monday . police went to the home of her mother, Lynn Schmidt, and found her body . they moved in with her parents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, but she headed back to her boyfriend's home . investigators have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed .
17-year-old was on day release from mental health unit when she died . she was a 'perfectionist' who had battled anorexia and depression, inquest hears . injected herself with deadly animal medicine after saying she felt 'failure' she collapsed in a field and her family called 999, but she died from the effects .
party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after revelations . dozens of labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts . parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour MPs that they employ employees on zero hours only because they are forced to by the Westminster system .
three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors . experienced authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers . some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast e-book market .
'hell no, he demanded $30,' a family friend tells the daily mail exclusively . the couple have a prenup that would pay Nick $10million but he wanted more . when Mariah refused he decided to get his payday through a book deal . now he's writing a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah and she is furious about him betraying her .
on Saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of comet 67P . it was taking a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’ . this caused it to momentarily lose contact with earth . ‘not the best month to choose to go dry...’ Rosetta project scientist Dr Matt Taylor qu
prison officer Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year . investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison .
researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain . experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others . they found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions .
four-year-old Hudea was pictured in refugee camp on the border with turkey . she, her mother and three siblings have been living in the camp since 2012 . but two weeks ago, they decided to move towards the city of Idlib . it is now under the control of al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra . the group has promised to bring in Sharia law in the city . they have already started burning things banned under Islam .
wesley E. brown III, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm . he escaped from Devils Lake in north Dakota on march 13 - aided by female prison guard Rachel Chepulis, 26 . pair managed to get 1,700 miles from prison before being captured in north Bend, oregon .
average worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, a survey has found . 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings . one in five workers confessed to messing up due to zoning out . more than a quarter said they had made more than 10 massive mistakes .
the arty fad is said to have started in France where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity . experts say it's a kickback against the stresses of modern life and technology, where everything has to be useful or aspirational .
employees working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible for a 50% discount . notably, the discount doesn't apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the US and £8,000 in the UK .
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety . but he pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter . victim's brother, a former girlfriend, testified a year ago that Harris told her he shot him in the stomach, tortured him for two days, then cut off his head . part of the skull was found in march 2012 in rural osage county
the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country . he is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending . under french electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds .
actor is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases . his grandson Todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex . Suchet, 68, revealed his grandchild was diagnosed with the condition shortly after birth .
don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million . the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem . it has long been known that the song about 'the day the music died' refers to the death of late-50s rock n' roll icon Buddy Holly and fellow singers Ritchie Valens and J.P. 'Big Bopper' Richard
a new book has claimed that Hillary Clinton imposed secrecy on her movements during the height of the Monica lewinsky scandal . she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking 'heartbroken' by the pool . a few days before she would admit to sex with former white house intern Miss Lewinsky, usher Worthington white was approached by her . her wish was granted and she took an elevator to the pool and spent the afternoon there .
the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683 . genetic analysis of the beast show it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time .
a federal judge on Thursday ordered the corrections department to provide a transsexual convicted murderer with sex change surgery, the first time such an operation has been ordered in the state . according to the spokeswoman for the federal receiver, the surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $100,000 . the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate .
mystery man wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is . he did not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk . all he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland . the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his arm .
a panda in china has been nicknamed 'the enduring brother' for his love-making . Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds . the pair were pitted against another couple, Yi Bao and Jin Xin .
researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 . the research could 'not prove' that a texting ban is what caused the critcal injury drop, though they said it was a likely cause .
as David Cameron tried to answer a question, Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces . she was later removed from the studio . the mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1% at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests .
six-part documentary aimed to show what life was like in the town of harpurhey . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light . mother-of-two has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines . she and husband could face three months in jail or fines of £1,000 each .
mother-of-three Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst . but when she was born, she was told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia . condition means 'lack of eyes' and Daisy will never be able to see . she is now at home with her mother, father and siblings .
more than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression . but 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn't meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either .
the Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California at the age of 88 . in 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment . the soaring, glass-paned crystal cathedral — the touchstone of Schuller's storied ministry — was sold to the roman Catholic Diocese of Orange in 2011 .
'wild woman' named Zana was found lurking in remote region of abkhazia . she appeared to be 'half human, half ape' and had 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' - and covered in thick auburn hair . experts believe she roamed the Caucasus mountains where her ancestors lived for many generations .
news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with cunning hoaxes . this April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves . here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web .
the multi-bAFTA-winning actress wants to build a 550ft-long seawall . but natural England has recommended the planning application be refused . it is citing concerns it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat .
a young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in north america . the bear sits partially submerged in the water and sits calmly next to the boy . he puts his hands up against the glass and the bear moves towards him . it then appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass .
four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in hotel car park and sold for £2,200 . it was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in Chester . oblivious to its true value, builders dismantled it and left it to be auctioned . DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to king .
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker at the fast food chain . she allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face . the mother-of-two was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on march 17 at 6.10pm .
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois . police say he had just stolen a gun from an 18-year-old who was trying to sell it to him . howell tried to snatch the weapon, which was fired into the ground . autopsy revealed he was hit by two bullets, both from behind .
restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend maxine Cher, 24, adopted the lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . but now city officials are demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm . 'we're officially adopting him which means he will never end up on a dinner plate,' said maxine .
the collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years . it includes a 200-year-old book of poetry gifted to the monarch in 1812 and letters from Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood written during the battle of Chesapeake Bay . the queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch of the 350,000 documents .
a new infographic from made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your bedroom . sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out . ninety-one per cent of britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep .
forms saying 'u r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'btw am out of work atm' fail to string a normal sentence together . admiral voiced fears in evidence to the Welsh Assembly's enterprise and business committee .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch spring, texas, to do a wellness check . residents told police that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed . the child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day . five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by child protection services .
Swedish firm says new version uses far less energy than pork and beef . it will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas and peas .
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness . she can't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up . the mother-of-two is able to recognise objects, but not faces .
the 21-year-old clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight . he was 'looking for work' when the plane stopped at the end of the runway . ground staff stared in amazement as the young man started staggering away . his immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning .
schoolchildren exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels, party says . party's campaign chief accuses lib dems of performing another 'u-turn' on immigration policy .
comedian Ben Elton took a swipe at myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans . he told a 1,000-strong crowd the popstar had made her money 'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution' the event was attended by the only way is Essex star Joey Essex and actress Sally Lindsay .
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier . footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .
Simona Trasca, 34, joked her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued her . a local court ruled in favour of her and ordered her to pay £1,500 compensation .
neighbour's leylandii hedge stands 40ft high and has left parts of her garden in deep shade . despite a 35-year battle to get the trees cut down, the council has ruled they can stay . it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Audrey Alexander's family . the dispute started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of the hedge .
elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida . some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding . the population of animal has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it's 100,000 population over the last century .
the law, brought in by Indiana governor Mike Pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state . 'i just got an email ... from another employee who said, ''look I don't feel comfortable living in this state anymore, you have to move me out,'' and I gave him a $50,000 relocation package,' he said .
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am on monday . the van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' state patrol said . members of the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama band Wormreich were in the van .
the complex was built for the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD) to direct the response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War . it was also the command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three . the complex shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside . this week the Pentagon announced that the base will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the us military .
a giant hammerhead shark chases a fish in the shallows off Destin, florida . the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of friends . 'yeah, now run,' said one of the group of men watching and filming the shark .
asma Fahmi and her family were attacked by three men from a balcony . the 34-year-old was walking to her car with her ill mother when they were attacked . her mother suffers from Bells Palsy and is a full time carer for her grandma . this was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years . 'they were basically throwing missiles at us,' she said .
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine . she has been in Brisbane's princess anne hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria . when she woke she learned she had contracted community-associated MRSA - an antibiotic-resistant form of golden staphylococcus .
the 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave' his predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .
genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . it was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey, that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared . one of these genes became prevalent in the european population and European's skin colour began to lighten . around 5,800 years later the second gene, which makes skin colour lighter still, also began to spread through the European population . research was presented at the 84th
three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar . youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 . jihadists caught as they tried to slip across border to stronghold in Syria .
the 48-year-old faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . between 2006 and 2010, Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members . he then filed false tax returns to hide the income .
seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom-designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo . arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort .
roads around the city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour . a lightning strike caused a traffic signal on the Eads bridge linking Missouri and Illinois to malfunction . storms in southwestern Indiana toppled trees and downed power lines .
the 33-year-old and husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month . 'this is the biggest roller coaster ride there is, having children,' she said of her pregnancy .
cabinet secretary ordered inquiry into claims a leaked memo shows sNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the election . row follows allegation she told french ambassador she would prefer a victory – partly because labour leader Ed Miliband is not ‘PM material’ .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up Messenger . allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them . users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long .
images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . luckily, police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive . but the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders .
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, indiana, faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new religious objections law . despite 'keeping a low profile' crystal and her father were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing all day and all night . they plan to re-open soon after raising $500,000.
47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their career choices . compared to just 40% of men, according to specialist travel agency, planet cruise . more than a quarter wished they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks .
a reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards will be recorded over the Easter period . developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields . a row develops over a new 1,000-resident development that could bring in 1,000 new residents .
the 44-year-old walked through the airport in los angeles using a cane . she was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark Kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags on the trip . the inspirational woman is now an advocate for gun control .
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033 . it concluded that such a plan could fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back . the Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit .
'any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable,' says state education minister . eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal . 166 students completed the HSC . the program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning .
the 1976 film starred bowie as an alien who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet and falls in love with alcohol and television . he has written new songs and arranged older music for the stage version, titled Lazarus, later this year . the show will be spearheaded by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who used Bowie's music in one of his own productions last year, but the production team has refused to define it .
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra . in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition to italy and was told he must return to serve his sentence . today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton after she asked for half of his winnings . but Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died . responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead . Hampton was taken by ambulance to John Peter Smith Hospital but died a few hours later .
15-year-old went for a walk near her home in Santa Monica on march 24 . she became angry and left her home to calm down but never returned . her mother has made an urgent appeal for help as she has not been seen since .
dispute began when 74-year-old businessman decided to restore hedge . 180-yard hedge marks boundary between his home and college's land . but he claims he has been forced to take the college to court .
Dr Alex Russell shares his tips for wowing winos with your knowledge . he has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years . the main skill wine experts have believes Russell is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding . it was also a tribute to their father, who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago . despite his disease he never lost his love of life and his sense of fun .
the group of six descended on the promenade of the spanish resort on march 29 . they each wear suits from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos . the men earned cheers, clapping and even policemen waved and laughed .
epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days . they visited 35 countries and 70 cities as part of their project 365 Docobites . with a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple set off to their first destination- the us- and landed in New York to begin their long journey across the globe .
yoko ono led tributes to the first wife of the famous singer . she said she was a 'wonderful mother' with 'strong zest for life' . the 75-year-old died yesterday after a short battle with cancer . a message on her son's website said he was at her beside throughout .
the district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun investigators took from his home . Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham . prosecutors linked him to the killings through a .38-caliber revolver found at his house .
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow . she has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the world record holder . despite her fearsome sound, she is said to be gentle and loving .
new executive order will allow the Treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' american computer networks . follows a series of high profile incidents, including a devastating attack against Sony Pictures and data breaches that stole credit card or health data .
militants reveal plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa . applicants must be 25 years of age, willing to work anywhere and speak fluent english . rules are something that even the NHS has yet fully put in place .
the new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest china . the cantilevered platform has a 720 degree view over the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below .
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis . but critics argue this is not high enough .
history postgraduate Laura Sumner was fined £23.50 for alleged visa violation . the 24-year-old was ordered to leave the country within ten days . but reports have branded her 'agent sumner' and linked her to a revolutionary plot .
detlef Guenzel, 57, sentenced to eight years and six months in prison . he cut the body of Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in his garden . the men met on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fantasies .
the former white house florist retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff . 'the pigs are here,' she told a secret service agent as he took the Clintons' only child to school . the book could prove problematic for democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, the former first lady, senator and secretary of state .
six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far . a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned windows before .
while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler . 'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' he said . the president said he can 'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, 'Daddy, I
money will go to Citizens Advice to fund organisation's work . firm broke billing rules by imposing exit fees and overcharging customers . regulator ofgem said the penalty reflected firm's 'repeated failings'
the pope is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening . among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China .
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction . 35% disagreed with using controversial technique . anti-fracking campaign group accused of trying to bury inconvenient result .
the 12-tonne bus broke down on its way to the Stagecoach depot in dover . around seven members of the public and bus company workers pushed it to safety . the group managed to roll the huge bus through the streets and onto the depot .
the couple have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday . at the weekend Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand . he said: 'it is not the first time either, so maybe she will walk away'
the 6ft-long northern pine snake was found curled up on a radiator . teenager thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted it . she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved . her mother, 40, attempted to call the police but was unable to get through .
the Yarnell Hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . new revelations now claim the only survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the crew's supervisor order the crew to leave a safe zone . but first, Paladini claims he heard an argument between crew chief Eric Marsh and his top deputy over the dangerous move . he says Marsh ordered it, while his deputy warned against it .
barrick gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010 . she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s porgera gold mine . armed police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an ATM to draw out the
all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs . offer six clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart . ask them anything to see if they will open up .
at its peak in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships moored in eight anchorages across the united states . but as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels . today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they moor . the worst affected is the Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet, where less than 50 ships remain .
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' pups are used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships . each child is unique meaning matching the right dog to their needs and their family is crucial .
the 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car, clubbed in the head with a hammer and left for dead in a ditch . days later, she showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm . she is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at the university of washington .
the patent was filed by the California-based firm in march 2011 . it details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically . patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are 'inconvenient and time consuming'
Sudanese mother, 35, was interviewed by police as part of ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children . the children's mother was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west . one-year-old Bol and four-year old twins madit and anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water . heartbroken father of three siblings who died has spoken out to defend her mother saying
research led by the university of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten . performance remained the same after resting for several hours . levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was consumed as a recovery food .
a beanie believed to be belonging to 11-year-old Luke Shambrook has been found . it is located west of the Devil's Cove and Candlebark campsite in lake eildon national park - north-east of Melbourne . police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on friday . he is believed to have wandered off and has not been seen since .
fossils belong to species known as Pterichthyoides milleri - or 'Pessie' as it has been christened . creatures roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago . they were some of the earliest known vertebrates to possess jaws, though they had grinding plates rather than teeth . 'wings' led to the pectoral fins seen in modern fish .
a small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product . the type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars .
experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time . the ruins range along the inner coast of the yellow river in Gansu province and the Ningxia region .
volunteer police officer Danny Eckhart is accused of drunkenly stealing a patrol boat and taking it for a joy ride . he crashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers bar in Madisonville . police say he also did an unknown amount of damage to the patrol boat when he took it out .
a 23-year-old former private school boy was jailed on march 27 for raping an 18-year old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's nightclub in inner-sydney . he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the SOHO before ushered her into the alley . lazarus hired back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm - who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction .
labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters' in a special election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . but while David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband . instead, magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been – with a sharp rebuke .
owners in Huddersfield, west Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn . neighbours have also reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave .
despite being engaged for the fourth time, the alcoholic benefits claimant still has an active online dating profile . he has already fathered 40 children by 20 different women . the 56-year-old is said to have cost taxpayers £4.3million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family .
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . they performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete . the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a job . researchers at the university of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a food diary .
officer Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, police department, 'tickled' the feet of a man whom officers had recently killed . a trainee officer who was with him at the time told how he then pulled on the corpse's toes, and pulled his head back and forth while discussing rigor mortis . stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November .
teaching assistant died after trying to climb through an upstairs window . the 25-year-old scaled a fence to try to get into his flat in cottingham, Hull . he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in fall . was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull royal infirmary, but died five days later . his parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely lad' who had 'natural
the Typhoon is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick' this helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile . it can take off in less than 8 seconds, achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet Mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes .
leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy . the mother-of-three thought implants would boost her confidence . but in 2012 she knocked her breast on a door frame because of its size . she found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous . six months of chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery saved her life .
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools math Olympiad . it was aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of a group of students . but people across the world were left completely baffled by the question .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were recognized by front desk manager . they were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health . comes after more details emerged of the colorful background of the mother's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will .
the son-in-law of disgraced politician sheldon silver was indicted on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative . prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . the 37-year-old is married to silver's daughter, Michelle - but has not been charged in the scheme .
chinese engineering graduate spent six months researching and building the suit . finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack . but Cheng said he was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
the app is currently in development and will be trialled at a store in Wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example . for additional items that the shopper doesn't have at home, they can use the app to scan barcodes while in store .
the 53-year-old spent the Easter weekend with friends and family in barbados . she has previously holidayed in the area with the broadcaster . the pair are said to have lived apart for years and have two daughters .
22-year-old has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like reality star . he believes culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts and then attacked him in the street . on Easter Monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car . the attack left him with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement .
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . but she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner . she was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years . admitted two charges of dishonestly making false representations .
wallaby shocked onlookers as he 'punched' a wombat who invaded his personal space while grazing in the Wilsons Promontory National Park . the native kangaroo turned around and gave a little crack on the nose . onlooker's were shocked but it looks like there's no bad blood between the pair .
two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson city council . half of the six-member city council will now be African-American . this just over a month after a justice department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city . the lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election .
leading critic of tory right-to-buy scheme is a labour party member . she owns a £1million house in islington, which has rocketed to £1million . but she has not revealed how comfortable her own house is .
just nine of the 50 students interviewed said that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive . 'just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,' said freshman Cameron Poole .
the phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne . it was handed in to albury police station on the NSW-victoria border . officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone on the woman's facebook page . the original post had already garnered a humorous response from her friends and officers .
the hometown of canowindra has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher . more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies on sunday morning . hundreds gathered to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be . it comes just one week after she was murdered and dumped in bushland .
a third of parents polled say they sing lullabies to soothe babies to sleep . there must be an angel came second, followed by vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby . more current hits from Pitbull, Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut .
a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning for australian families . breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year . nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids, with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week .
research by doctors from the university of oxford overturned medical consensus . Until now doctors have assumed babies' brains are not developed enough to feel pain . but new findings suggest babies' pain thresholds are even lower than adults .
mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother . she was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally . injaz is a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf and is used for racing and transport .
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . with the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time . 'that's awful!' a man in the background adds .
campaigners want lawmakers to look into misuse of public funds . when project first began it was promised it would be paid for in entirety . £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each .
the self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands . they are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society .
the 25-year-old man was born at the Luton and Dunstable hospital in 1989 . he was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after . the booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots .
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with the Wu-Tang Clan during one night . that would mean she had sex with the RZA, the GZA, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man . the tenth member of the Wu, Ol' Dirty Bastard, is dead so he wasn
the duchess of cambridge's second child could be the first royal to be born outside the capital for 85 years . two other hospitals have been put on standby in case she leaves the capital . the 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury, just 12 miles from the Reading hospital .
photographer dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to australia . he started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year .
crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, shut down a financial fund for officer Michael Slager on wednesday . the site refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns . a separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform . as of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on
the 71-year-old was arrested in new orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part HBO documentary called 'the Jinx' he was charged in the 2000 death of his longtime friend . he has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest .
the ‘screw’ measures an inch (2cm) long and was found in the 1990s . it was collected by a paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group . they claim the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old . the screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object .
the incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad . all u.s. Embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission, the embassy said . it was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year .
social media fraudsters are trying to cash in on the sudden public profile of the woman who stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train . a bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the 23-year-old . she stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the airport line on Wednesday . her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on Thursday morning .
the 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on Tuesday . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion . 'with my husband by my side, and with the love and support of family and friends, I underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lob
the actor-director's possessions will be sold at auction house bonhams . items include photographs, props, scripts, posters and sketches . many relate to his time in front of the camera and include mementoes from such career-defining films as Brighton Rock and the great escape .
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on friday morning . charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction . he is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'
the final Discworld novel written by Sir Terry Pratchett will be released later this year, his publishers have said . it will be called The Shepherd's Crown and feature witch Tiffany Aching, who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date . the fictional world is a flat disc balanced on the back of elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space .
the adapted seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat . aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . it would be a larger version of aircraft chairs .
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday . he was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday . the technician or technicians worked for a university of utah hospital clinic . six other inmates were taken to a hospital for evaluation . four of them were treated, and one of the four remained hospitalized .
a secret service agent led reporters on two high-speed chases to the homes of influential democrats on her first day in new hampshire . her lone official appearance was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene . but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar . if police radar had been engaged, it would have clocked Hillary's signature
13-year-old abdelkrim elmezayen was pulled dead from the water at the scene . his parents are in a stable condition in the hospital . the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot when the car veered off the edge of the harbor . it landed upside down in the 30-foot water .
last weekend, i posted a picture of myself on twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’ . all the pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election, crushing the Tories and trouncing Labour .
horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in windscreen . one animal can be seen crashing head first into turf, dismounting a rider . jump could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs .
four care home assistants jailed for calling dementia residents 'fugly' judge said he had to deal with his own 'revulsion' to find a 'just, proportionate sentence' women told one patient she was going to be killed and another she was living in brothel . all four abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses .
autistic boy Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from the candlebark campground in the Fraser national park north-east of Melbourne on friday . he was found just before midday AEST on tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite . police helicopter captured dramatic moment rescuers reached him on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search . the boy is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses . the men collapsed on the vessel on good friday, forcing it to dock near the opera house . one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit . three men and a woman were hospitalised last November after taking the pills . two men, 21 and 22, were charged and will appear in court this month .
dove grey suit was once worn by notorious Nazi commander Hermann Goering . sweat stains on the suit linked it to the overweight commander . it is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth .
the 1824 oil painting – Beaching A Boat, Brighton – was looted by the Nazis from its Jewish owner during the Second world war . the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri . it seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich, including one by Constable identified as Fishing Boat .
born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo . hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, they were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space . one accidentally fell into the play pool, and noticing that
the intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days . their stunning findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users . the campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in march to capture some of the area's prized landscapes .
comfortably Numb is a new device that eases the pain of an injection . it produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds . currently a functioning prototype has produced a numbing effect in just 60 seconds, whereas a commonly used topical patch takes about an hour to work .
hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation . the replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof, which is being done by Nicholson and Galloway, should cost an additional $3.4 million .
the Kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online . the pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing . they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters .
interpreter, 26, was shot in the leg near his home in eastern afghanistan . his son, two-year-old Muhammad, also suffered injuries in the attack . he said it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him by the government . the father-of-two worked with elite units including the SAS, royal marines and parachute regiment .
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during steamy encounter in west scotland . they were semi-naked at the three bridges playing fields in crawley . it came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever .
after months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is out . if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try . Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovations .
medical experts watched the 23rd outing for the hero and concluded that he would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film . within the first seven minutes, Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks . if the secret agent was real, it would have lasted just seven minutes before he died .
the school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’ . the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over student complaints . 'therefore, the university also will show an alternative movie, “Paddington,” in another location on campus at that same time and date to provide our students with additional options that evening,' the statement read .
clare van Santen was diagnosed when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child, now aged nine, with breast cancer . she underwent a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children . after having a mastectomy, her son was born happy and most importantly, healthy . her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old, and how they will cope .
mother-of-three Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment . she allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at zoo . witnesses say the animals appeared to ignore the boy, treated for a leg injury . he suffered minor bumps and bruises and is in stable condition .
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in mexicali . the 29-year-old was admitted to hospital on holiday with her boyfriend . her family flew to mexico to collect her body after being pressured to have her remains cremated before an official autopsy could be carried out . it has now been revealed that the doctor who gave the 'brazilian butt lift' lost another patient the year before her death .
salty Dog 502 is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program . plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland . drone is about the size of an F/A-18 Super Hornet and weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg)
pastor husband, a self-proclaimed prophet, has been charged with murder . his wife, 41-year-old, was found face-down in a bath by hotel staff . autopsy showed she died of 'opiate heroin overdose', court hears . her brother says it is 'an outrageous lie' to say family are addicted to drugs .
patrons called police after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover . an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . the woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene, police said in a news release .
John Foran's wife was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry . he found the splinter-covered shard in the £2 ready meal . the 59-year-old immediately contacted Iceland who are investigating .
police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, new york, to not drive home from grand island town court on Monday night . they noticed he 'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated' but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies . silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29 .
Aaron Hernandez was booked at the 700-inmate facility in Walpole, a mile and a half from Gillette Stadium, where he used to play for the new england patriots . on tuesday, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 2013 murder of fiancee Odin Lloyd . a 12-person jury found him guilty and sentenced him to life without parole .
a south african tech company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose . Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after breaking his leg and it was amputated at the joint . an animal lover's appeal for help led to a company stepping in to manufacture him a new limb . the prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces .
the online search giant donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two presidential campaigns, and the company parachuted top talent into both . there have been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the west Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit . the company has insisted it never received special treatment in that case .
the 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department . it contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends . twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and 'staggeringly offensive'
the 58-year-old actress tweeted: 'i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you' on tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine .
Christine Bleakley, 36, has been in a relationship with fiance, footballer, for five years . she says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out' process . but she admits that it hasn't been easy, and she doesn't want to be their mummy . the presenter is currently presenting new series wild west .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules . after the photo began circulating the web, Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .
an 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool beach while out walking during the school break . onlookers perched on nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama .
many of the female characters have taken leading roles on the show . Emilia Clarke, who plays daenerys Targaryen, believes it has great female characters . scheming queen Cersei Lannister clings to power in King's Landing .
jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note she forward it onto comedian . it claims she has been sharing endless pictures and statuses about her baby . the anonymous author claims she is 'so p*****g a lot of people off'
darius, who measures over four feet long and weighs in at three and a half stone, is officially the world's biggest rabbit . but his giant son, Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge for the title . his owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father .
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in august 2013 . his two passengers - brothers Haider, 20, and Taimur Kayani, 17, were killed in the collision on Lodge Avenue, dagenham . none of the passengers in the Civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision, according to crash scene investigators .
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked to represent their country at the Holy See . but the appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican, according to french media . he worked as number two to the french ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005 .
german detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in the £60m heist . they are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid . in a similar case, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013 .
the former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside . he has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark .
71-year-old journalist gao Yu 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners' she leaked 2013 directive by ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet . document warns of 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media and criticism of the party's historical record .
queen margaret of Denmark celebrated her 75th birthday at amalienborg palace . she was joined on the balcony by her sons, crown prince Frederik, 46, and prince Joachim, 45, who were with her for a slap-up lunch . royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for gala banquet .
a pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10 . the men, both 5'8''-5'9'', are described as in excellent physical condition . surveillance footage shows one robber holding his finger along the barrel of his gun, just off of the trigger, a safety method used by law enforcement . however, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves
protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's royal language academy . they are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies . the reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year .
the FBI has cleared the Tulsa county sheriff's department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month . reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at ascot school . he was travelling on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . the woman secretly filming him on her mobile phone and asked her husband to meet her at wokingham train station .
classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby . train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines from the golden age of steam and pistons . the event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April .
patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter . the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys . children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the television in their room as the animals react and play with them .
len Barnes, 57, from stockton, suffered bouts of diarrhoea and lost his appetite . despite numerous courses of antibiotics, he was showing no signs of improvement . specialists suggested a faecal transplant to re-balance bacteria in the gut . his daughter, Debbie, stepped in and mixed healthy poo with warm water . the solution was then transplanted into his gut via an endoscope .
'.sucks' domain name opened on 30 march . so far, purchased names include Youtube.sunks, .bing.sinks, Visa.suckeds, Bankofamerica.suggs, bankofamerica and other major brand names . ICANN sent a letter on Thursday to the ftc and canada's office of consumer affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi were illegal .
paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago . some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, others appear after death . scientists believe another daspletosaur, which could grow to nine metres (30ft) as adults, fed on the youngster's body .
'why would I communicate something that wasn't true for me?' he said . 'i've been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years...that I really don't have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary) so decidedly negative,' said the 61-year-old .
thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week . most claiming to be linked to extremists terrorising vast swathes . now, twitter confirms cull was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
a Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center . the donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial .
Laurel Humes, a college friend of Rachelle Friedman's, offered to carry the child for her and her husband . 'the baby could come any minute now so we've got a bag ready, and the nursery is almost all done. it's amazing,' she said .
a guard at the U.S. Census Bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in Suitland, Maryland, just before 8pm . authorities locked down the campus amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates . the suspect had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him . now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may be tied to
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy, ... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial . the witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence .
a man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a dairy in east Christchurch . he demanded cash from the dairy owner's 30-year-old daughter . police are appealing to the public to help identify the 'very tall' man .
one in four of this cohort had sympathy with those who join ISIS . eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John . one-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-muslims .
a report on the threat posed by foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community . the report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a 'serious national security threat' but the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response . it comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky Jama .
mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) leads to similar outcomes as anti-depressants, a study found . over two years, relapse rates were 44% in the MBCT group compared to 47% in the medication group . this suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs .
the records include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter .
neo-nazi Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane . in a prison interview, he said Lane tried to take advantage of his brother . 'he ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he told a radio station .
the hop theory 'beer-bag' contains hops, fruit peels and natural spices . it promises to turn light beer into craft beer after just two minutes of steeping . but the project has been criticised by professional breweries as misleading .
governor Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists . the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of national geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby' the hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $1.1 million funding for sites in the Springfield area .
the producer, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra Battilana, 22, during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office last friday . but police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him and he said: 'it won't happen again' the news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November . the 11-year-old can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over . he has gained a lot of weight due to the side effects of his medication and has severe stretch marks on his legs . there is a risk his heart
Warren Rodwell was kidnapped from his home in the Philippines in 2011 . he was held against his will for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him . in an interview with daily mail australia, he said he fears the federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation . under australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 . but for that to happen, prime minister would have
anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2 . she was on a break from longwood university in farmville, . Virginia and home in Norfolk . on tuesday, police received a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface . her stepfather was arrested for breaking into a home two weeks after she disappeared .
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama . she and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' the mother, who was watching the film with her daughter, told her that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies . 'it was old fashioned parenting that we were both using. you approach kids that are acting up and you [
political editor's voice sounded weak and strained following cancer surgery . he tweeted: 'good to be back on air. don't worry about the voice. it doesn't hurt' he announced at start of march he would be taking weeks off for treatment . but he expressed hopes he will be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
al qaeda-linked networks have altered their communication methods . extremist websites have released encryption programmes for followers . this makes it harder for extremists to be tracked down . the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and NSA .
lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 . the boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
'Marcel Hirscher Colours' was created by the 26-year-old skier . he slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured, biodegradable powder . six GoPros and a range of other cameras captured the dazzling rainbow effect .
girls as young as ten dragged away by hair and raped at hands of jihadists . 216 prisoners, including 40 children, were piled onto minibuses for handover . they were lined up and hand picked by militants in warehouse in Mosul, iraq . one girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped . she managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window .
balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes attacked huntsman . victim, 40, condemned the decision by police as 'pathetic' .
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease . he needed his first major surgery at just nine months old . mother Yang Haiying donated a portion of her liver to try and save him . but his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital . father Xao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday .
researchers discovered spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth . the remains belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried 18,700 years ago . her body was found in 2010 in an elaborate grave in the El Mirón cave in cantabria, Spain .
a man has been forced to resign from his role as a women's officer . he was voted into the job at the Tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago . the reaction to a male being offered the job caused huge opposition .
alfie, 12, underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan last month . owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear and took him to vet . staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back . they then discovered a pad used to keep him warm got too hot . vets have promised to change their practice but it took nearly a week .
2500 passengers stranded on cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside of Sydney harbour . they are riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres . massive swell reveals just how treacherous and stomach churning conditions are . one passenger said: 'everything on the bench tops was flying off'
social services minister will scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits . children must be immunised to access childcare payments . parents can avoid loosing benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons .
capybara JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy . the rodent sits perfectly still in a shallow bath while three ducklings stand on its head and body .
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year . three people were killed in australia and south africa . only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans, with Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority .
the first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason . he inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?' the correct answer is of course 'puberty' the age of consent in the u.s. varies between 16 and 18 depending on the state .
Jack Jordan proposed to his girlfriend last christmas while suffering from leukaemia . the 23-year-old hoped to undergo a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life . but last week he was told he had just weeks to live and was too ill . he is now set to marry his girlfriend in a ceremony at a hospital chapel .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, went missing last month . they were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at . police questioned them and now consider the case closed after releasing them .
new book lays bare the little-known history of the country's public schools . it was inspired by a comparison to flashman from school days . the rise of the pushy parent at the end of 19th Century brought institutions to heel .
the daughters of Mary Kay Letourneau and her former student-turned-husband, Vili Fualaau, are now older than their father was when, at age 12, he started an affair with his teacher . on the eve of the infamous couple's 10-year wedding anniversary, the sisters sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters . the interview will air on 20/20 on friday at 10pm .
at 1,000 square feet, the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property in the north-west corner of the state . the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors . guests can watch tv or select a title from the home’s collection of books about hobbits, or simply relax while escaping the grind .
the retired midnight oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family’s Sydney home on the market . the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May . as to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar’s home boasts beautiful high ceilings .
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as superheroes within 24 hours . the event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park . it ended in style in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center .
the 728kg pumpkin was served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo . it was the biggest pumpkin to grace a Sydney royal Easter Show . the elephants can eat between 60kg and 100kg in one day .
the parents of Elijah Cook were worried he may be born deaf . tests confirmed he was profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right . but last month, a pair of specially-fitted hearing aids allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother, Ahavah Cook .
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on friday following his release . the 50-year-old was detained in 2007 and sentenced in 2010 . he was charged with illegally gathering information on china's oil industry .
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in of his victims in northern quarter . asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' in one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept . he now risks arrest if he enters the area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years .
Sarah Ivens, 34, desperately wanted to get pregnant at the age of 34 . she was paranoid that her life decisions had left her baby dreams impossible to reach . pre-broody years she'd been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities . gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly .
the los angeles-based company has closed all of its brick-and-mortar locations . it is now an e-commerce brand, encouraging customers to shop online . 'we no longer have store locations,' reads the brand's website .
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party . he leapt onto tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill in north-west london . coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' he had 'recently' left senior position at baring Asset Management .
the designer will not be presenting a collection at this year's event . he says he's enjoying 'taking a breather' after focusing on his international efforts . this is only the second time he has missed the event in 20 years .
'my anxiety brought me to a point where I couldn't see the existential point of continuing,' she said . 'people get on with their lives' and she felt increasingly isolated . she said depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked . one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .
Marc and Jean Wabafiyebazu, both 15, drove around in their mother's consular BMW to raid homes and steal hordes of marijuana . the older brother was shot dead in a drug raid on march 30 . both attended top private schools bankrolled by their mother, the consul general of canada in Miami .
the inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at a shopping complex in eastern china's Nanjing city . her chest is a ball pit, and there is also an area for youngsters to test their climbing skills and play on a slide .
deputies responded to a lake worth animal hospital around 4:30am friday morning and found a 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo with his eye hanging out of the socket . owner Michele Etzel said her son, 36-year-old David Etzel, had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel . 'i'm feeling sick. I can't go to sleep. I'm holding my dog 24/7,' she said .
'marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' said new jersey governor-in-waiting Chris Christie . 'we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement,' he said .
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday before fleeing to north carolina . he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday . at the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss . when the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours .
four-year-old from Salem, Oregon, learnt nursery rhyme at preschool . was halfway through eating dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom . she starts by singing: 'four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away' but as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears . as she gets to penultimate verse, where 'no ducks come back', she starts to sob with her
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her summerville, south Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3 . her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a . man who identified himself as 18-years-old Emoney Bon . but when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-
mother-of-two Christine Lillico, 47, stole £78,000 over a six year period . she was trusted with looking after elderly parents' bank accounts . but she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . her elderly father was left in debt and too poor to afford a telephone . judge has now sent her to jail and ordered her to pay her brother £39,000 .
anonymous travellers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits . they include feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head . others include rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms taking up more space than necessary .
Kevin Carr, 34, from woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years . he began his epic voyage at Haytor on dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days . was also the first man to complete the voyage unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along in a buggy .
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car . days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, responsible for 90 per cent of a person's vision . she was prescribed eye drops, but suffered an allergic reaction to them . after two months of poor vision, she underwent surgery to repair the hole . it was eventually treated by injecting a gas bubble to push the layer at the
haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday . she has been charged with first-degree assault . the pair had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
the couple are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane on saturday . local shops and shop owners are lining the streets with colourful bunting . a handmade card featuring the couple on the front drawn by local artist is also on display .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer .
Lawrence Phillips, 39, is suspected of killing his cellmate Damion Soward, 37 . soward was found lifeless in the cell he shared with Phillips at Kern Valley state prison . it's unclear if the two are related .
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter . police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off . after the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road . he then ordered the teenage daughter, who was with her boyfriend at the time, to get out of the car and
Ashton Wood launched a public campaign to destroy his new $49,000 Jeep . he raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy the car . the car company refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it . one of their requests was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an apology . but as no one would publish it, he will read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight .
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child . his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying . but true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online . 'i was charmed by her. I wanted to be with her all the time. it didn't matter about her size,' he said .
Hilary Wilson suffered a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section . 41-year-old woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant . she only realised when someone showed her a picture of her son wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born . the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery .
senior Islamist party official mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged on saturday . he was convicted of crimes against humanity and was sentenced to death . but his supporters have called for a nationwide general strike .
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with cinema-goers during screening of adult-only film . people in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them . argument broke out and Murray hit 23-year-old while drunkenly gesturing . single mother was arrested and led from cinema in handcuffs after incident .
Aaron Davis, head chef at the kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am . his wife, Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son on Tuesday . 'andrew and i are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with Audrey, my daughter,' she said . last week he decided to quit smoking and was going to put the savings towards his children .
Sammy Griner's mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for a kidney transplant . 'his mother died from this disease, please help us write a different story for Justin and his son, Sam,' she wrote . by monday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal .
'Mama' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago . Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom . since then Billy hasn't been seen and he is not returning any phone calls or texts . the family have been worried because Billy has been struggling to find work
marianne Power attended Robbins' Unleash The Power Within seminar . it claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’ . she has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different guru each month .
a fiery stoush erupted between the chief executive of Rupert Murdoch's media empire in australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss . Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why the paper continues to when it is not profitable . 'you're a minority,' Mr Clarke fired back .
the firm's latest update automatically shows the latest snaps posted to facebook . it has also used facebook to boost its 'mutual friends' feature . firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile .
two base jumpers broke their backs and were told they may never walk again . one year on both men have returned to the sport they love - and retraced steps . they were attempting a risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when parachutes tangled .
gruesome video shows men accused of exploding car bomb in al-mayadin, syria . they are marched to wooden stump and told to kneel before being executed . masked militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking heads off with blade . footage cuts from merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults . group claims men are soldiers fighting for president bashar al-Assad's regime .
secret Ukip-commissioned poll shows farage has fallen behind his tory opponent . he is in danger of finishing third, with labour catching up fast . the poll was commissioned last month by multimillionaire businessman .
ex-air hostess, 63, wins £14.5m mansion from 'immensely wealthy' 90-year-old . property, in north west London, has 'superb views' over a London park . couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in jeddah . but after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes .
after 150 chemical tests, an Israeli geologist claims to have linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s east Talpiot neighbourhood . research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place . ‘son of God’ was buried with nine other people, including ‘Judah, son of Jesus’ and his wife, named Mary .
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey . this year it was ranked number 67, the second worst supermarket . the biggest gripe among surveyed subscribers is not enough open checkouts .
the maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia was a spectacular success . front row guests were given a personalised $899 tablet with their gift bag . but a few of the gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up for themselves .
despite the greyness, the appalling cold, and the downright bleakness of the north sea here, she's in heaven . the poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’ . she says her affair with open water began on Hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down .
the 25sq/m model contains more than 30,000 figures, and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces . it was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored just in time for the battle's bicentenary . the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wounded in the battle .
scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles . they found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those taking the contraception . this could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the pill .
Martynas Kupstys was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff . he spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison . the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics . his brother-in-law andrus Giedraitis was jailed for life at Lincoln crown court .
hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have crossed into Syria . the 17-year-olds have not been in contact with their families for several days . families are 'in a state of profound shock' and 'deeply concerned' about their loved ones .
for a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28 . Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores' the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice .
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops on friday . his body was delivered to the ministry of health in baghdad today . crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 72-year-old 'king of clubs' . he was deputy to president obama when he led his 1968 coup .
Silvia suffers from pica, an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances . the star of my extraordinary pregnancy picked up rocks outside her house . she is heard saying: 'over here are the ones that are easy to break'
mother-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from los angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet . the image has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times .
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal memorabilia for more than 40 years . her collection now includes a solar-powered queen and thousands of photos . she says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as 'a labour of love'
warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) to hit islands in Japan's far south after 6.6 magnitude quake struck off eastern Taiwan . witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital . tsunami -- an irregular wave that alters the sea level, and not necessarily a huge event -- believed to have already arrived at remote Yonaguni .
the 26-year-old teacher from Leeton is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace on April 5 . her body was found by police in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10 . a memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west .
since 2008, 994 service personnel have been treated for mental health issues . retired major general alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit . he was given the drug before a deployment to Sierra Leone four months ago . critics say the mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing the drug .
group of 15 arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' witnesses say fight broke out on boat carrying 105 migrants from Libya to Sicily . men 'professed the Christian faith' and were thrown to their deaths .
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked in her Las vegas home on august 8, 2014 . she had 18 broken bones, a ruptured kidney, missing teeth, and a fractured rib . claims she met MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her . he also cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle . nine months later, she has to wear a wig and is
Detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces unprecedented wipeout . nationalists also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland . survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010 .
sailors on board the Admiral Kuznetsov strap an old jet engine to a tractor . they then use the contraption as a leaf-blower to blow debris overboard . even a single stray nut or bolt, if sucked into one of the plane's engines, could spell disaster for the pilot .
the couple are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home . anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career .
the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider . MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the high street . the minimalist, cube-shaped machine looks sleek and impressive .
the two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago . the new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier .
he implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana . the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law . 'it is lawless for the attorney general simply with a stroke of a pen to say we will not enforce these federal
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' she was sent to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment . it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months .
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine . the experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load . patients injected with the neutralising antibody during clinical trials saw a 300-fold decrease in the amount of HIV in their blood .
calls for criminal charges to be brought over cover-up lasting more than two years . staff deliberately obstructing investigation into payment protection insurance complaints . deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI .
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, were on their way back to hotel . pickpocket in purple top reaches into pocket of 80-year-old man . her accomplice attempts to block the view of his wife, 78, who is 78 . after she sneakily handed the wallet to her cohort, they followed them out . they asked for the wallet back, and got it in exchange for cash .
the winter of 2014-15 won't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records . the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone, means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain . to some avid skiers snow is still snow and one in particular couldn't resist the urge to take to the slopes of Boston's temporary new resort .
a detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away . details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers . the department is under orders by the us government to withhold evidence from criminal trials and to ignore subpoenas in cases where the device is used .
roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m . the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters . it consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites . six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens . he is expected to convert the 19th century building into his home .
'very real danger' that a 'blukip' alliance between tories and nigel farage could happen . lib dems released new campaign poster this morning warning of dangers . comes after he held out an olive branch to the prime minister last night .
'the only place I don't have any awards out in the open is in the bedroom. other than that they are all over,' she said . her husband of 38 years, Jerry, chimed in to dispute her claim .
as campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said it is important for her to define her campaign message . he also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive history .
6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite was set to fly at kite flying festival in chongqing . kite is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms . each piece bears the characters 'China Dream' and it takes eight hours to get full-length kite airborne .
the 29-year-old girls actress spoke out in a new PSA for the center for reproductive rights . she says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure . 'i just didn't think it was fair. so I decided to get an abortion, and I went to Planned Parenthood,' she says .
the unidentified teenager was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services . the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on Monday . police are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother, Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38 .
comey said last week, 'the murderers and accomplices of Germany, and Poland, and Hungary, and so many, many other places didn't do something evil' the comments are particularly offensive to Poles because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered . in all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians .
seven-month-old Izaak Gillen was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter . he was pronounced dead the next day, according to police . no arrests have been made and the boy's death has been ruled a homicide .
experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com . they then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-Banted Users (NBUs) trolls are less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more and use less tentative or conciliatory language .
dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates . she started ranting at staff and denied assaulting the two tube workers . but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines .
the house has been lovingly preserved to how its first owners intended it in the late 19th Century . it is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country and has gone on the market for £985,000 . built in 1880s by RA Briggs, known as 'bungalow bruggs', it is not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today .
air crash investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where MH17 fell in eastern Ukraine . the Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made missile . mailonline's photographer spotted the burned and torn passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror .
Emma Dickson, 31, thought she was planning her wedding but ended up thinking about her funeral when she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung . she developed blood clots which moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism - just a month before she was due to get married . the care home nurse was told she had developed the condition as a result of taking the contraceptive pill . there was also a risk the clotting could move to her brain, causing a
Irishman Barry Lyttle put his brother in a coma after a single punch . his brother, Patrick, retaliates with a punch which causes his brother to fall to the ground and body crumpling . security footage was shown for the first time during a sentence hearing . he has pleaded guilty to gbh and has been charged with grievous bodily harm .
the megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 . it is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level . if true, it could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation . archaeologists discovered pyramids on the Atlantic coast of southern Brazil that sate to around 3,000 BC . but both civilisations built them for religious reasons .
the Immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45) it works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) it is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses . other features include 360° head tracking and an
the homeless period project aims to highlight the misery of women living on the streets who are unable to access proper sanitary care . a campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the 137 bus in Brixton Hill for six months . using marker pens on cardboard boxes, the video writes the words of Patricia as she speaks them . she has since been housed in a flat by south London homeless charity Spires .
the 9th US Circuit confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected Clark Elmore’s claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial . he was convicted of killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995 after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child .
in an interview with NPR, the president said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with Iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy' 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them,' he said . the president's jab at Walker departed from the white house's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting
sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at terminal bar, a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole open until 1982 . he would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets . his amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar .
doctors in an 'impossible situation' as a result of the King family's flight to Spain . doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents . they ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy . he was made a ward of court by Portsmouth council before national outcry led to their release .
divers from california have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots with sharks and sting rays . they have travelled as far afield as papua new guinea, the maldives and the virgin islands .
the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa . while on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week . in terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list . more than half (58 per cent) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day .
no images of the new vehicle have been released, but a Volkswagen board member revealed that battery packs would be hidden under the floor in the vehicle . a small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the new version more environmentally friendly than its predecessor . the westfalia camper ceased production in 2003, and while VW has rolled out two concept 'microbuses' in recent years, neither have the charm or iconic good looks of its original .
veteran airman claims to have seen a 'giant red ball' flying through the sky . he said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds . the aviator, who has 28 years of cockpit experience, said most pilots have reported similar sightings .
Charlotte bevan had come off risperidone before daughter was born late last year . four days after birth, 30-year-old walked out of hospital without shoes or coat . police found her body two miles away on a cliff face near the bridge . newborn Zaani Tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by .
tripadvisor's top contributor has written more than 3,300 reviews . the 38-year-old has uploaded nearly 40,000 photos in just five years . he averages nearly two reviews a day and has made more than 66,000 .
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd . following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail . on July 16, 2012, the two immigrants from Cape verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in south Boston following a drive-by shooting . a third man was wounded in the incident but survived .
a 23-year-old woman 'bullied' a Muslim woman and her partner on a train in sydney . the woman allegedly brought up beheadings and the marriage of children . a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses .
groom's brother fired celebratory round at wedding in capital Riyadh . as he fires off round, he loses control of rifle and fires at wall by mistake . guests dived for cover as bullets ricochet off the walls .
cleric ayatollah dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his home country . if women do not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual, he warns .
police say the woman from shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence . when officers smelled alcohol on her, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a .10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of .08 .
stars took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter . from Kim Kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene Klass' bunny-themed egg hunt, the stars are just like the rest .
my kitchen rules judge has been slammed for promoting fluoride-free water . health minister says he is putting people's health at risk . medical professionals have described his viewpoint as 'misinformed' .
sevdet besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 . he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony . police seized a number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords 
over 700 guests, including cara delevingne, suki waterhouse, mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood, turned out to support their pal Christopher . the event also marks the launch of Burberry's new flagship store on Rodeo Drive that opened in November .
madeline Luciano 'looked on as eighth grade pupils wrote 'annoying' and 'phony' on board to describe classmate . but 40-year-old claims it was meant to teach them to be kinder to each other . she has launched court action against city's education department to get her licence back .
chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing a busy road in Uganda . dominant males will wait to ensure younger animals cross safely . first time chimpanzees have been seen to adapt to busy roads .
the two announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in march 2014 . sources tell the site the divorce was amicable . insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children .
out came the sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describe Mariel’s journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the Hemingway family . she writes about being woken up by yelling, the smashing of plates and wishing it was all a terrible dream .
mother beat three-year-old to death before dumping body in woods in fife . his death came just six months after he was returned to mother's care . social workers also visited family a number of times over two years . but review into whether care teams could or should have predicted killing . summary of review concludes killing 'could not have been predicted'
the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia in 1933 . almost all of the coins were melted down when the country went off the gold standard . the family found the coins in a bank deposit box for their father in 2003 . a jury in 2012 sided with the government, but the appeals court returned them to the family .
luxury car burst into flames after head-on crash in north-western city of Istanbul . driver appeared to lose control and swerved across highway into oncoming traffic . it then hit another car coming the other way, killing 26-year-old Tugce Taskin . her friend, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering burns . witnesses said it was a 'miracle' that friend survived the horror crash .
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model . she has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines . wells has lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city .
shadow chancellor rules out post-election pact with the SNP . insists it would be a 'betrayal of the english vote and we will not do it' says he is 'unequivocal' that he would not allow a deal to be dictated .
researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys . 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed . use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest (15 to 16 year olds)
outspoken weight loss expert, Steve Miller, has devised a strict five-point plan . his demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with overweight public role models . he claims these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions .
the securities and exchange commission said the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts . the company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, Dubai and Paris .
the eight officers include Captain Jason Fox, 42, a two decade veteran and Sergeant Michael Wibunsin, 12-year veteran . the messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison . 'all n*****s must f*****g hang' was among the texts uncovered .
just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity . sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges . but does luxury honey taste different enough to justify its price tag?
Aqib Talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault . they were involved in an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on tuesday . he and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in 2011 when he was playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
the oratory school in west london was ordered to revise its admissions policy . watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children . but a high court judge branded the decision 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania . he is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997 . but he spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill . judges at the european court of human rights criticised his 'ill-founded' case .
woman, 84, thought to have been helping husband park when car accelerated into her . she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as broken bones .
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door . but he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . a customer in the costco car park in watford reported hearing a ‘nasty crunch’ . the man who pushed him to his death was jailed for 11 years .
man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages laced with poison . the sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog . it comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby Brighton and hove . dog owners are being warned by police to be aware when walking their animals .
video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana, northwest of Tucon, with a rifle . local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . the footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use .
darlene Feliciano, 27, was hiking the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail in Oahu, hawaii, with a male friend when she slipped and fell . she was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers . the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm .
the Randolph, in Oxford city centre, caught fire this afternoon . smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control . the five-star hotel, run by the macdonald chain, includes the Morse Bar, named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes .
a five-star park in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France . the site is a quiet, well-established, family friendly park . with four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for children .
it's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the federal court . the supermarket giant was banned from advertising its bread as baked fresh on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough for three years . after an investigation by the ACCC Coles was also ordered to display a corrective notice in its stores and on its website .
carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the french Alps . he was on holiday with his mother, nine-year-old sister and brother . family say he got lost in woods and slid towards a 164ft cliff .
photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists in northern stronghold of Mosul . they are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions . savage punishment is significantly more extreme than usual punishment for theft .
lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies . Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara . the report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia .
officials said there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids . it was the second explosion to hit the factory in 20 months . 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze . six injured people are being treated in hospital .
new medical records reveal the fate of pre-Raphaelite artist's muse . the orange-haired beauty died at the graylingwell hospital in 1909 . she was suffering from 'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
the disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks . but engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the us .
amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home . the schoolboy said the terrorists were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days .
video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson . shows £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in moray, scotland . first of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines . as second jet disappeared from view video camera was knocked sideways .
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . along the way he will stop by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service . keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from Oaxaca, Mexico, to return home to full time work .
a defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by lehigh county judge Maria Dantos on friday . the eighth-grader is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with murder . his body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50
'my kids are crazy eaters. they have incredible palates,' he said . son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon . daughter Harper prefers 'very strong and briny flavors' including oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and
mother-of-three, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children . but she said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering . in her blog post, she also describes ‘working mum guilt’ .
in 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons . in 2013, that number had risen to 231 million globally, according to the international migrant stock trends data . Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded .
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, 91, was responsible for convictions of 31 camp guards . included camp commander Josef Kramer and camp commander Fritz Klein . he struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust .
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands . while Paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of Alicante . both men are wanted by the metropolitan police on suspicion of drugs offences .
five-month-old Elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) he was born strong, before becoming 'very floppy' his parents, Jessica and Andrew, created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their son . 'we thought we had at least another week,' said his mother .
73-year-old stabbed his wife of ten years with a seven inch kitchen knife . she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back . he rang an ambulance after the attack in October last year and admitted what he had done during the 999 call . four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife asking her to 'get my things together' before for trial .
the prime minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair . in one day this week he travelled to all four home nations in bid to secure votes . he has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending ministers .
Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of Queensland's most sought-after holiday destination . the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era . they were the brainchild of gold coast developer Bernie Elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters . but business owners say the group are no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always
ex-army chief is spearheading operation to rescue 2,000 from war-hit Yemen . he tweeted: "friends what do you expect from presstitutes...." the comment evoked sharp reactions, with the Opposition demanding an apology . the BJP has distanced itself from the former army chief's views .
Zoe had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 . 19-year-old was found dead at a hotel in putney, south west london last year . inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness . she refused to accept she had mental health problems, inquest told . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local branch or click here for details .
graduate Jacob Phillips, 23, fell down the cliff when he leapt over a fence . he had caught a taxi home after a night out but didn't have enough cash . taxi driver said he would not have left him if he knew where they were .
gail o'rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping the 51-year-old to kill herself . she left a recording of her nightmare life and frustration with not being able to travel to Zurich to die, a court has heard . gardai were alerted to her plans to go to the clinic in Zurich in 2011 . the carer of the woman, who died in her wheelchair, is also accused of helping her plan her funeral .
Latvian firm is currently developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in June . the vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors . it is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments on 737s . 737-900ER or 737 MAX 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags . bins tested by a group of 'frequent fliers' who were hand-picked by Boeing .
leanne Bourne became suspicious of her partner's affair when she was 20 . but when she saw him, she fell in love with her younger sister, larissa . she moved into her home at 17 and says she is still struggling to come to terms . says she has bad days when she can't stop crying .
Daisy Goodwin has had nits since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times . she says she was never affected by head lice when she was a child . but now she is trying to get rid of the varmits by using nit lotion .
the federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours . she has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion .
the tires of the Nissan Infiniti sunk into the wet sand and the wheels were unable to move . the wheels of the car were flipped and pulled out to sea by a wave . a bulldozer was used to flip the car before it was towed to the road .
the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 412 in 1900 to a roomy six today . but lots of stars from Elle Macpherson to Katie Holmes all have surprisingly huge feet, as we reveal .
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage . follows heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the costly siege of Kobane . rules appear to be an attempt by senior commanders to eradicate any hint of problems within the extremist group's territory . specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security .
stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all shown little to no signs of ageing over the past decade . here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years .
Oxford dominated Cambridge in the 161st men's boat race today . both men and women rowed the same stretch of the river Thames in London . president Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the dark blues .
the attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested on friday . the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal . shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his 13-year-old daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers .
the modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on a design by carpenter John Harrison . he thought up the clock to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea . it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory, in greenwich . clock was initially set ticking a year ago after being strapped to a pillar . but it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case so its
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months . a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener . the desperate couple were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans . they were eventually forced to leave their home and live in their car to be closer to their job . but thanks to the kindness of a businessman, Philip has been thrown a lifeline .
new poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader . chairman grant Shapps said: 'the only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he's carried there by the SNP'
cowboy builders had been called in to fix a leak in the house in north london . instead, they left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting it . rain got into the house causing ceilings to collapse and ceiling collapsed . the family were forced to live in one room of the house for six months . it will cost £35,000 to repair their home and they are devastated .
the 25-year-old was a key part of the new england patriots offense . he had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion . but even before the murder of Odin Lloyd, he was not the golden boy he seemed to be . his arrest for Lloyd's murder was just the first time he's been held accountable .
14-year-old boy vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in march . manager of the bookstore was forced to clean up the mess, along with assistant manager . but she received a handwritten apology letter and a gift card for ice cream .
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person . police say she traveled to Maryland either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible . the son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on friday night lying beneath a rain
the 'yes means yes' law is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra 'no means no' the law says consent is 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner . the law was first passed in California in 2014 .
slipper island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass, is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand's north island . it boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . the sale has divided the family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy'
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007 . she has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy . her sister Dannii, 20, also had a tumour and became her carer last year . the family, from much Hadham, hertfordshire, have never been able to work .
clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old in 1972 . he was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free . on monday, he called the Franklin county sheriff's office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . the man suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk on his own .
more than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election . the surge puts labour on course to lose dozens of seats . Nicola Sturgeon buoyed by series of TV debates opposing austerity cuts .
around 16 million tourists visit the city every year . the city contains over sixty per cent of the world's art heritage . but for its population of 350,000, that's an overwhelming figure . a new initiative set up by prince Ottaviano de'Medici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city .
a brazen thief has allegedly taken a diamond engagement ring from a dying woman . the 61-year-old was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 . she was told she only had nine months to three years to live . four days before she died, her husband and daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger . 'we tried everything we could think of but we had no luck,' the family said .
president Barack Obama became the first american president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 . prime minister portia Simpson Miller told him the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well . 'it is a great pleasure to visit Jamaica, known for its beauty and the extraordinary spirit of its people,' he wrote in a guest book .
sheriff's deputies failed to collect a blood sample from her uncle, Patrick Morrison, and left him walking the streets . he continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case . her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all .
the new host of the daily show has split from long term girlfriend . it's believed they began dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years . he took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . but after behind-the-scenes talks this year it was clear his career was about to explode .
teenager pranks her own mother by pretending she had been kidnapped . her mother responds with 'what decorator?!?!! Call me. There is no decorator' she then pretends that the intruder has her phone .
the 28-year-old reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender . she was shown a straight red card during the second half of the game . the midfielder apologised after the game saying: 'great effort from all the girls'
a skier in switzerland brought his dog along for a day of skiing . he is shown descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of minschuns . the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind .
vin los, 24, has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his extensive body art . the ads feature phrases like 'scream my name', 'iconic face', and 'my man is str8', as well as tattooed chest hair .
the 34-year-old had a brief liaison with the footballer at a christmas party . but the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the premier league star . the high court has since overturned a gagging order against her . she claims the player and his representatives were behind a plot .
former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan and girlfriend Naomi Bass recently got engaged on a trip to Japan . the proposal took place in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in Perth . Sullivan, 29, has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games .
the 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel in the 1970s . his latest album, The Ultimate Collection, beat albums by Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith . it is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990 .
rabbits, which are deemed a pest in NSW, are targeted with the calicivirus, also known as Rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD), in may . it comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with the virus around public areas in march . the rabbits compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to be responsible for the extinction of a number of mammals .
the 33-year-old presented speed with Guy Martin on channel 4 . he wrote a review of the £203,000 vanquish carbon edition supercar . said he saw 180mph down Sulby straight, which is part of the TT race . also claimed he completed the course only two minutes shy of the record . police on the island have confirmed they are looking into the incident .
officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the interstate service road . while the officers were still dragging him across the pavement, flames fully engulfed the interior of his car . bystanders alongside Valles car can be heard yelling, 'He's still breathing'
the limited edition watch is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum . it comes in 38mm and 42mm (1.5 and 1.65 inches) sizes . most expensive version is called the 'Diamond Ecstasy', and boasts 'solid precious metal' and a diamond encrusted face and bracelet . one version is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of smaller diamonds in the strap .
the father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months . two men jumped him and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground . they continued to punch and kick him until several of the most serious blows landed on his head . last year, he shouted 'Play Ball' during a match between the Giants and Kansas City Royals .
the 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river in laos with three friends when it hit a rock . the crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - managed to swim to safety, but she disappeared under the water . rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her .
poets house is a swish new hotel in genteel ely, three-minute walk from the cathedral . there are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds .
tennis star and his long-term girlfriend will tie the knot in their home town of Dunblane . the ceremony is being hailed as the event of the year by some as 'scotland's royal wedding' but it is still unlikely either of them will outshine the tennis star .
two chocolate Fingers have been snatched from famous packs - reducing the number to 22 . ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ‘shrinkflation’ .
a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and home office enforcement staff . but Nigel farage and tory immigration minister James Brokenshire dismissed his ideas . he said he was doing nothing to control immigration and was right about some migrants being exploited .
topshop and topman set to open second store in sydney's westfield Miranda . shopper specials include guest appearances, opening offers, stylists and giveaways . australian beauty and australia's next top model judge will host breakfast .
five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday . he was taken to university medical center of southern nevada at 4am . his family said he is conscious and moving around better since the stroke .
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother, 62-year-old socialite sheila von Wiese-Mack . she is being held in a crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison . a government minister visited the teen and offered extra comforts .
a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty thanks to hormone treatment . the transgender boy, who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child, has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections . a family court hearing was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws . he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver . car owners can't, under the law, say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name .
a crowd of loud and unruly high school students descended on a gas station in Memphis, tn on monday . orden Williams Jr., who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked . he rushed to his car as the attack began, but almost lost it when the teenagers almost hit his child . staff inside the store had to hold shut the doors as the teens tried to break in, seemingly ready to attack again .
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were sentenced to death for the 1975 slaying of businessman Harry Franks . last year, the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution's key witness recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime . the $1.6 million includes calculated damages amounting to about $969,000 for Bridgeman .
the stylish cook, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat . included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe, jellied fish heads and a seafood sculpture made of octopus, lobster and prawns . 'i’d love a really small cat tattoo either behind my ear or somewhere discreet,' she said .
man was standing on the rim of a toilet when it smashed to the ground . he was caught out when the toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor . the 35-year-old was too embarrassed to call his travelling companions for help . hospitalised with cuts on his leg and buttocks after he received stitches .
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties . he encouraged him to buy parts for a bomb and a knife to attack soldiers . but he failed to grasp that 'cake? U mean the b o m b', the court heard .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in central victoria at 9.30am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . his family say he is probably confused and may not be aware he's lost . a widespread search is being carried out by a medley of search and rescue teams .
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of drug possession at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel in Las Vegas . a security guard found a pink baggie filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 8.1 grams of 'molly' in his swim trunks . the hockey player is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars co-hoster Erin Andrews, 36 .
more than 200 friends, family and former patients attended an hour-long memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr. Frederic Brandt . many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision to take his own life . 'it would have had an affect on his thinking. it is just so sad,' said a friend for 30 years .
toby perkins, deputy chairman of the labour election campaign, revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts . the email, published in the sun, reveals that alongside their measly wage, interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel, food and accommodation .
west Highland terrier fell 10ft from a quay into the sea while on holiday . strong currents began to pull her under and she was pulled from the water . the 72-year-old and his wife were on holiday in caernarfon, north Wales .
researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office . from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the North Sea warms . this could see prices of these fish soar or see them being taken off the menu completely .
he was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash in 1994 . a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her to her husband . the following year he murdered her so he could cash in on her life insurance . last year his story was turned into an ITV drama starring sheridan Smith .
the woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC park on monday night when she was knocked unconscious . she was making her way back to her seat when the ball was hit behind by the Cubs' starlin Castro and careered into her head . there was a net in place but as she was standing so close, she was hit because of the slack . the horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game .
the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the united states . Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40 . she pleaded for the order to be reversed .
in a typical day, miss Swindells will have two bowls of rice . krispies with milk for breakfast . she will then have a slice of bread and butter for lunch . and again for dinner . the last time she tasted a vegetable was 18 years ago .
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quiet down . for the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers . one of the men pulled out a knife and attacked Kelly and he died at the scene .
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland . this after the old man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off . that is when Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight . the man refused to stop fighting, and at one point got in the face of Solis' friend who clocked
pictures posted on twitter by member of anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently . they risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the terror group's self-declared capital . 'Lines waiting for some food. yes this is the #isis state. Hunger, poverty and homelessness,' one of the group founders wrote .
the leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015 . they print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money . but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 . many don't even live on the land at all .
football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he drowned . emergency services dashed to the pool but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him . a guardia civil spokesperson said: 'every indication is the cause of death was accidental drowning'
the prime minister was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament . a ComRes poll last weekend found he trailed his tories by 1% with labour’s will Scobie just behind on 29% .
a Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, illinois, shortly after midnight . it was on its way back from the national championship game between Duke and Wisconsin . Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead .
liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral air force station in florida . but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark . Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
the case of Shona Banda, 37, was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges . possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . the divorced Garden City mother said she did not get custody of her son back following a hearing on Monday .
the channel islands have never before combined to stage a big event . liberation day will turn St Peter Port and Jersey's capital into swirls of people and music .
squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks . they give potential housebreakers details about building, such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm . other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable .
sunshine coast university student, 23, hadn't seen his cousin in 10 years . he found out his 17-year-old cousin was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant . she added him on facebook and he took her in to help raise her four-week-old baby .
'i don't really like Nirvana that much,' she said in a candid interview . she's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple, Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain .
anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses Photoshop to create whimsical pictures . he has a background in graphic design and CGI . his work blends everyday with the bizarre .
art and photography community, BoredPanda, has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' . parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns . dressed as characters ranging across fantasy and sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books .
the auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . but after the cameras subside, their show at the royal variety performance is over and they've spent their £250,000 . we look back at the show's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on the reality show can make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes .
18 firefighters freed the havana cob called Cody after he went for a dip . owner Tracey Hannant, from bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like 'black beauty' when it emerged from the ditch . she said: 'they saved my boy's life'
witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day . church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth . the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core . same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from .
spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years . now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending . 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year .
man was collecting bins in footscray early on Saturday morning . truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole . paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene .
'crystal clear' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker . worker based 50ft from crime scene contacted 101 on monday last week . he believed detectives would already have similar images of £60m raid . but force has refused to make images public despite claims it is best footage yet . comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off on good friday . ex-head of Flying Squad criticised decision to ignore alarm as 'totally in
island was discovered in 1502 by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova . it was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company and other vessels . at its peak it serviced a thousand a year and was the place to which Napoleon was exiled after his defeat at waterloo . early next year a £218m airport will open on the island .
halal sweets on sale in 10 stores around the country . they include blackburn, bolton, Preston, Bradford, west bromwich, Birmingham, leamington spa and three in london . all 36 sweets are guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol .
axe-wielding intruders attacked father-of-six at his home in burnley . he was left with a severed finger and wounds all over his body . needed 38 staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back . surgeons managed to reattach his left index finger . the 31-year-old is now in hiding and fears his attackers will kill him .
four-year-old suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old .
'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members . at the helm of the force from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine who had a reputation for brutality . a variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total .
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the killing of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor . she allegedly stabbed him in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, Rex . the mother-of-two was apprehended in north carolina following a multi-state manhunt sparked by her husband's death last year . her suspected partner in crime was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway in north
a growing slew of celebrity gaming apps, from the likes of Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan, promise to immerse you in it all, temporarily . the highly lucrative app, Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, developed by Glu Mobile, has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times since it was launched last June .
99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are among the country's highest earners . 57% of adults claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week . of those 53% are in the top social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year, a significant increase from the 37 per cent figure a year ago .
'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory . but more severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis . 90% of women will experience period pain in their life time .
a new book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him . 'bernie had put enormous pressure on 'leah' to be his mistress, offering her practically anything if she just let him f*** her,' the book states .
divorced father-of-five allegedly targeted 11 cadets, many of whom were young black women, on a military base in south London . it is claimed that the sergeant went on to rape one of them at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in Croydon . the cousin of the alleged victim told the court that she called him after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship . but when she asked him to repeat what he had said he went quiet
it was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt . the explosion on a pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99 . ten inmates and the operator of the front-loader were hospitalized . four other patients were treated at Community Regional Medical Center's burn and trauma unit .
the 35-year-old is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee in front of her son . the incident took place in february, causing a bloody nose . he answered his police bail last week and is due to appear in court next month .
the 37-year-old has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'hollywood' she said: 'you're hot one year but completely out of favour the next' but she said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
Terry McCarty suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body in childhood accident . he endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of scars on his face, body and arms . but he refused to let 'fear take over my life' and became a firefighter .
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . she says women love cars just as much as men .
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag . a cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg, but as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics he had been given finally began to show signs of working .
headmaster of sherborne preparatory school said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education . he said parents should take a back seat to allow children to develop naturally .
the unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in may 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the middle east . the extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the united states, led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the death sentence .
birth of prince george sparked £247m sales boom between 1st July and 31st august . but experts say second royal baby is unlikely to have same effect at tills . flurry of royal memorabilia is expected to have a smaller impact .
former prison guard claims staff at Feltham young offenders institution regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars . the 49-year-old said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it' he said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow, south west london, leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked . revelations echo scenes from 1999 film starring Brad Pitt, in which
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99 . but does it really make things easier? tessa cunningham finds out .
Niamh geaney, 26, from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project . they were inundated with submissions from all over the world . incredibly, she found her doppelgänger in Karen Branigan, 29, . the pair met in real life and took some eerily twin-like photos together .
a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their kids . 'well said, my daughter has lost her favourite teacher, and she will never be the same,' wrote Glenda Goolagong . school cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder on tuesday .
the 19-year-old model, who we love, is dressed in head to toe Givenchy by Ricardo Tischi in Harper's Bazaar .
pingan Zhao's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern china's Fujian province . both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march . his birth led to him becoming something of a local celebrity and hailed as a 'miracle baby'
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with fashion label . posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design . appeared alongside her mother and her partner, 37-year-old Ekaterina Odnistova . she is one of two children from the relationship with the assassinated leader .
photographer Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere . uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs . he then uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together .
the ‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at west end parties . it works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus . this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell .
lesley conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages on facebook . she challenged an online pervert pretending to be 17-year-old boy . but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .
in 2001 she dressed according to the angela Merkel school of leadership . topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes . today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair and squeezed her feet into heels . also eclipsed Plaid Cymru’s Leanne Wood and the greens’ Natalie Bennett .
owner of a diner in warr acres, oklahoma, taped a sign to her diner window . the sign read: 'to the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' a customer noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram . within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media .
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases . but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims by deciding that labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged . theresa may became first cabinet minister to question the ruling .
individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of Lloyds banking group shares . shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on friday . it is the latest ‘retro’ conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s .
$250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different appliances . it feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app, where users can make decisions about how to save power and money . when the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off, or a user returning home, they notify the Neurio app and services such as IFTTT .
Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have I got news for you later this month, according to the show's producers . he was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast the following day . it would have been his first appearance on the show since being dismissed for hitting producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas'
joselyn alejandra nio is believed to have been killed in a beer cooler . she gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle began circulating on social media . the woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo .
the 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 . this time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, west london, nor did they invite any guests .
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney . he said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself . miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner .
Barry Lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . he will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court . his brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother .
father claims he was abused by 86-year-old during a game of hide-and-seek . he waived right to anonymity to say the decision 'beggars belief' he said failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time was a 'travesty'
dorian poe, 11, from burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved toy bear, called Tikko, out on a round-the-world mission to raise awareness about autism . he was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place, hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition . now, the bear has circled the globe and invited the world to join in with his journey .
six-strong gang broke into the basement of the building in the jewellery district . they returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery . footage reveals they spent another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash . it is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm .
Hannah Bluck, 18, from porthcawl, south Wales, had her dreams shattered . she was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . the ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die .
motaz Zaid was with a friend in parsons green, south west london, on friday . the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before he was bundled into a Mercedes and driven off . his friend, 19, who was stabbed several times during the ordeal, was left for dead in the quiet residential street . mr Zaid, who is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich, remains in a critical condition in
killer did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping, rape and murder . 38-year-old was on his way to see his sister in Southampton when he attacked . despite being banned from france for earlier offences, he struck on way to england on tuesday .
thug dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told . but a judge told him he was 'almost too dangerous' for prison . he has been ordered to go on a relationship course instead of jail .
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31 . flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home . forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house . picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing individual eggs at her head . was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates court .
video shows Cher Lair from Apex, north Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker .
the far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of teenagers to fight for a separate white state . by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you' by night they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good .
reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about fellow former west coast Eagles player Daniel Kerr . the pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files .
mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy . his image was used to front woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign, which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac . he was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney .
Adam Deacon, 32, 'sent abusive tweets from his account to writer's account' 'in some cases they amounted to some death threats', court hears . deacon was sectioned last month after being charged with possession of a knife .
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . the 40-year-old uses an EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and numerous lenses to achieve the unique shots . he has only been taking images of the sea with a GoPro for two years .
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate . the Utah Division of Motor Vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . he had been an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the army .
the restaurant is situated near the ABBA museum in central Stockholm . it will be a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play . the musical will include all the classics from the show, and a few not .
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the dollar, its lowest level since 2010 . different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead . experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament .
casino teenager must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for surgery . the 18-year-old had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . he and his family found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after a week of campaigning online, the teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised .
coral Jones' daughter was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, powys . 43-year-old had letters demanding her other children be taken into care . she was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing her daughter to play in the street . paedophile mark bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been recovered .
more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours . government's attempts to sell £3billion of gilts on the debt markets had to be delayed until problem was fixed . reports from inside the company suggest a spilled can of coke had been responsible for knocking out systems across two continents .
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS . this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year . but a programme which offered screening to all expectant women resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants .
the 53-year-old will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving . she announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on march 20 . it marks a change in position for the bank, which said she would again stand for re-election .
it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie Baird first demonstrated a working television system . the forerunner of the television is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction .
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April . he was ordered to pay £2.2million within six months or face ten more years . his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his home in birmingham .
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday . neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired . no one has been arrested over the shooting .
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends . one of the group spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster hotel for a cigarette and alerted the bride . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress .
it is the first time since records began that such sales have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row . the figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's 'mercantile' foreign policy, which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world .
'i'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' he said during remarks at a new . Hampshire GOP summit taking place in Nashua this weekend . 'when Hillary Clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, one . for her baggage,' Paul said . the former first lady embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed '
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the internet watch foundation . that was a dramatic increase from the year before, when around two-thirds of the child porn it found featured children of such a young age .
living dead clothing's website crashed due to the demand from around the world . almost 50 garments have been produced for the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100 . industry insiders estimate the coup by the Brisbane clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative Marvels contract, will be worth tens of millions of dollars to the one-time backyard operation .
the modern family actress allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb . the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs . it was reported that the actress paid her friend $200,000 in gifts and mortgage payments and that a embryo was implanted in her on two separate occasions in 2013 .
marcin wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after crash in coventry . paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . he suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a scar, and injured his left arm .
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death in dagenham, essex . he was cut into ten pieces and dumped in a lake with his dismembered body . friends were obsessed with 'Jackass-style' pranks from the hit tv show . videos found on their mobile phones showed him being made to rub chilli pepper on his genitals .
the mayor of london urged voters to 'swing behind the conservatives' he said a vote for Ukip would be equal to a 'vote for Ed Miliband' . he also urged labour and lib dems to rally behind the tories in Thanet . yesterday, he clashed with scotland's first minister Nicola .
Lucy Scott created the book after giving birth to her first child in 2012 . it chronicles the emotional, often fraught, first year of parenthood . the 'doodle diary' reassures new parents that every hilarious, terrifying or disgusting occurrence is completely universal .
the former secretary of state will announce her candidacy on 'sunday afternoon,' according to a democratic party source in Iowa . a new book, 'Hard Choices', reveals why she decided to take the presidential leap .
a 42-year-old man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute straight through the front doors of a police station . he threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving towards the station at full speed . the station, which was vacant at the time, has sustained damage to the front glass doors and rear roller doors . but the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .
police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace . images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' appear to show her being sexually abused . one picture does not show any abuse taking place and features the man posing with her . investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse . he is being sought as part of the FBI’s operation rescue me and endangered child
independent review of rolling stone's story about alleged gang rape at university of virginia commissioned by professors at the Columbia journalism school . it said the story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism . but nobody will lose their jobs over the story, and publisher says everyone will remain in their positions .
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in region investigated . include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences . a girl, 9, was linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child . but four year-olds also investigated on suspicion of possessing cannabis, criminal damage, assault, theft and sexual activity .
the 60-year-old was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis . his judge-alone trial is due to begin on thursday in the Tauranga district court . the veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges . but his lawyer changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing on june 26 .
after 73 years of marriage, high school sweethearts Doug Wilson, 93, and his wife Lillian Kerr, 89, died just two minutes apart . both were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . their connection proved strong when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away . just five minutes later the phone rang again .
shelley dufresnein, 32, admitted having sex with 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal . returned home from court on friday and posted selfie on social media site . message read: 'my mood today,' followed by three smiley faces . followers congratulated her on the outcome, prompting her to respond 'i'm so relieved' however she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan high school
artist Patrick Kramer, 33, from springville, Utah, specialises in hyper-realistic paintings . he builds up delicate layers of oil paint on a board or canvas . this allows him to add controlled detail and subtle shadowing, which appear almost three-dimensional .
two men pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court . one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew . the other allegedly hit himself on the head with clenched fists during disturbance . pair could also face a four-month jail term as they have only $700 between them .
a recent survey by the British Heart Foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv . the charity has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking the government to ban junk food adverts from being shown before the 9pm watershed .
until now it was thought that dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity, making its detection incredibly difficult . but a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy suggests it interacts with itself . this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies .
inside Harley street is in an affluent part of london and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost . some of the patients who show up at the clinics on the street, like Michael Pulman, have spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost their self-esteem .
labour's deputy leader insisted they were only 'standing up for people at the top' shared breakfast TV sofa with Chancellor over the fact they both went to the same private school . in the 1980s, Mr Osborne attended a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year .
two teenage girls were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people, including grown adults and parents, in a new jersey park . onlookers can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' and Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
kitchens are the heart of the home, hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room . property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation, cooking, clean-up etc.
manifesto includes proposals for foreign policy, welfare payments and energy bills . slashing tuition fees in england from £9,000 a year to £6,000 . rolling back competition in the english NHS .
rangers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta risk their lives to protect rhino . the 43-year-old rhino is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves . he spent most of his life in a zoo in the Czech Republic .
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father, an experienced electrician, at the time . he apparently touched a set of electrical bars powering a crane . the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block . was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries .
man believed to be from mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he passed away . at least six people have been killed and thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban . despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of Johannesburg . many families fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled
Nicola said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence . but pm warned nationalists would use a labour government to break up the union and punish other nations . 'only a Conservative vote in your local constituency will keep Ed Miliband and the SNP out,' he said .
friends of 16-year-old said she 'just wanted to be with her mum' on friday . she died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake station, Wirral . police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . her family said they were suffering a double tragedy following the murder .
photographer captures moment man stands up to neo-nazi with fists clenched in rage . incident happened during a protest against the 'islamisation' of australia in melbourne . a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event . they attempted to start a fight with anti-racism activists .
fashion designer Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children . 'she's furious. she thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids,' said a source who worked with the couple .
in recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially . in 1986, Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev . visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the contamination zone . however, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, now that radiation levels have decreased .
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, to roam free in their suburban neighborhood . but they say authorities crossed a line when they picked them up and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . attorney Matthew Dowd, of the firm wiley rein, is representing the Meitives and has sent a ointed letter regarding Sunday's events .
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . he ran a website called ugotposted.com that published naked photos of women sent in anonymously by people wanting to hurt them . people who sought to have the explicit images removed were directed to changemyreputation.com and charged $250 to $350 to remove the content . victims included teachers, wives and professionals .
chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the august 16, 2013 death of australian college baseball player Christopher Lane . the jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . defense lawyers acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended he meant only to scare Lane when he shot at him . 'this is a reckless action by a 16-year-old child,' defense attorney Jim Berry said during opening statements
'this company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life,' said his son . Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain . he also became a major backer of stem-cell research .
those who enjoy the festival pay an average of £187 per day . Tomorrowland costs its visitors £186 per day, while the likes of Alessandra Ambrosio and Brooklyn Beckham pay the highest prices .
the Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and back of the sandal to help it expand . pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position, triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight . when you want to take off the shoes, click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring in the tongue . the invention even runs on power generated by the swing of your foot as you walk .
Lorraine Kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes, from a 14 to a 10 . she attended regular Zumba classes up to four times a week . the breakfast tv star also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss .
love blossomed between emaciated inmate and one of the soldiers sent to arrest her SS guards at the notorious Bergen-Belsen camp in northern germany . sergeant Norman Turgel, 24, and teenage polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years . this week survivors and liberators gathered to commemorate the day British soldiers entered its gates .
photographer John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals . he used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots .
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens . average garden usually contains a mere four species - daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips . Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it .
coach erupted into flames on busy interchange at the motorway this morning . fire destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment . firefighters spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle .
video of one-year-old cat playing volleyball was shared around the world . it was picked to star in the advert after her owner shared it on facebook . 'i didn’t even realise it was a competition so I thought it was an April Fools joke'
the parents of Jessica Cleland are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously . the 19-year-old took her own life on Easter weekend last year . she received messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her, and that she was a 'f***ing sook' her parents said that her social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died .
the NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions . winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days . rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km are set to develop .
asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat . this is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper . a 624-calorie Brie and Bacon Panini from Caffè Nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie McDonald’s Quarter Pounder with Cheese .
prospect of a Labour government reliant on the Scottish Nationalists would create the ‘greatest uncertainty’ of any election result . inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’, the bank argued . a second major bank, goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7 .
entertainer, 87, said watching first wife suffer with dementia convinced him of need for a change in the law . he said it could be 'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die . his first wife, Penny Calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008, and he visited regularly to help care for her until she died last year .
damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a 'selfie generation' that sings about platitudes . the 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the general election . he said: 'it's not interesting to me'
italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon . he daubed water-based body paint on the models to create the multicoloured effect . to complete the deception, the models rest on a bench painted to match their skin .
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways . he travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley, in north west London . the lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares .
religious services have fallen from 40 per cent to 35 in the past five years . registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds . spending on weddings as a whole is increasing, up by 3.4% year on year .
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI . he claims he was 'fearing' for his life and for his girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, so he took off out of his driveway . as he drove off, he struck Steven Sutton, 36, with his 2002 Ford Explorer, and Sutton clung to the hood . the incident spanned 11 miles and seven towns in springdale,
Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige are all still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas . delivered in only four minutes via c-section, it is the nation's first all-girl quintuplets since 1969 .
modern family actress, 39, has filed a lawsuit against her in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to a new report . court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013 . it is claimed that, previously, the pair twice had eggs implanted in surrogate, but the procedure failed 
young fan giggled in delight when he met his hero at a star wars convention . he was dressed in a t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair . as he made his way down the corridor the robot follows him . the child is heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as others watch .
USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on sunday and are steaming through the Arabian sea . they are believed to be joining other ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen .
'if my mother taught me anything, it's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child,' he wrote in his recently released book . he said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house, as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment . instead of selling her old house, like he advised, Buchanon's mother rented it to his aunt 
the giant arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in . after world war one, the US Postal Service began to use surplus war planes for mail delivery . they were placed across the country, sometimes at 10-mile intervals, from 1924 . retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments .
the toyal Lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf . it uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to pot lids . the amount of yoghurt that sticks to lids worldwide is the equivalent to the volume consumed in Africa . toyo aluminiu's technology won silver place in the 2013 du Pont awards for packaging innovation .
number of deaths will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades . funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent in the past ten years . young people will still be under money pressure even after their deaths .
the ten houses in australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed . this includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 . a property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut . in southern Tasmania, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247
the duffel bag was found near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station . video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide .
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to father-of-40 Mike Holpin, 56 . he boasted of having children with 20 different women . she claims the two have a 'great sex life' and trusts him 'completely' . claims he still uses dating site Plenty of fish despite their engagement .
5 children arrested after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland . fire crews in south Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point . 'unprecedented' scale of destruction blamed on gangs of youngsters .
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers . they are easy to grow, but picky about soil . if yours is acid, free-draining and nutritious, they'll thrive .
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat . Weber has said he flies 'at least twice a month.' he also still has his driver's license .
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire was arrested on saturday . he allegedly communicated with an australian man over a planned attack . five men from Melbourne were arrested over the alleged plot on anzac day . police are now working to shore up security for events in the capital .
deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease . 'pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull . it sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain and has been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain, major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder .
some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever . the mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow . forecasters warn people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse .
fashion designer Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma . she broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot . hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh . after about a week doctors will decide if she needs anymore treatment .
two 18-month-old twins, Eli and Silas Keslar, died after falling into a canal in Yuma, ariz. on friday . their mother, Alexis, tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller, but the strong current swept them away . authorities in the southern town officially identified the victims, but a Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised
the car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived .
plane's left engine scraped along the runway in Khajuraho, india . crew ordered an evacuation after the plane came to a stop . passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable evacuation slides to safety .
luxury concierge service, Bluefish, is offering the chance to dive 12,500ft below the surface of the sea . tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast . more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the Atlantic ocean depths .
the migratory bird was spotted near the coastal city of Limassol . normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by beto-Carotene . experts believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world .
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol, such as gin, vodka or white rum, are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass, and how spit tackles stubborn food stains .
at the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day . she would go for up to three days without eating a single thing . determined to lose weight, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . after making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university .
families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs . blatantly carry air rifles and BB guns through high green estate in Sheffield . residents claim one woman who confronted youths was shot at .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have identities hidden . they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named . also among parents are couple who lied to authorities about losing daughter's passport .
the 25-year-old victim had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking . he ended the night at the pub where he fell asleep on a sofa . the victim woke at around 3am to find coyne raping him . police seized CCTV footage from the venue that captured the landlord .
cereal giant warns profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland .
defiant 61-year-old former pm said he had 'decades' still in him . he joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down . his latest ambition is to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago . his parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to walk . they were left devastated when tests revealed he had the incurable condition . he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 . but his sister, Phoebe, five, makes sure he is thoroughly looked after . she helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat and
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year .
prison guard identified as 30-year-old ironwoman competitor . Kieran Loveridge killed one-punch victim Thomas Kelly in 2012 . he was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer . it was alleged loveridge had an affair with port macquarie woman Jody Marson .
'it's not like a choice. it's like I was drafted,' said the 63-year-old star . 'i would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers, angry villagers with lightsabers instead of torches,' he joked .
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . staff at the clinic have since said they are 'absolutely appalled, shocked, upset, and disgusted by the conduct'
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs called burkholderia cepacia and is desperately in need of a transplant . her husband, dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help as her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of Pittsburgh medical center . the couple, who married in their teens and suffer from cystic fibrosis, are in a race against time as the
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice . but it is also able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes . the 115ft (35 metres) design is designed with two 'earrings' on each side . a pair of
boy, 13, pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old Christopher Barry twice in the chest . he pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed him as he got into a lift . the boy became enraged when he wouldn't let him and his friends into block .
apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast . the initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its u.s. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions .
vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in the north of the country . she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august . but she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 .
double rapist Solomon Khoorban, 33, raped a 16-year-old in a west end nightclub . he then attacked a woman, 32, at knifepoint and threatened to kill her . it took detectives more than a decade to track him down . now he has been jailed for 16 years at snaresbrooke crown court .
online profile named quetzalcoalt identifies himself as a person named Vincent who loves videogames . he also writes scripts for a science fiction series titled 'Secret endangered' . the 24-year-old has been charged with the murder of popular teacher Stephanie Scott . she was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to marry her childhood sweetheart .
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to her, according to a source within the democratic party . this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy . de Blasio's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party, and he hopes that left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him over the coming months .
it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive Harvey Weinstein of groping her . on wednesday he and his designer wife Georgina Chapman were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident . the couple attended the premiere of his new Broadway play finding neverland in new york city .
cabin crew are given a bed each and some privacy for a little shut-eye . each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features such as in-flight entertainment and air conditioning .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie . the video shows Quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and the day after tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight . 'this is the most unprofessional set I have ever been on. this is horse s**t!' he screams .
nonsuch high school for girls sacked for 'inappropriate' and 'unprofessional' behaviour . he was fired due to 'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures . school counts singer Katie Melua among its alumnae .
researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet . the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet,' say the researchers .
the festival attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field . it boasts 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments over seven days .
Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from top gear in march after attacking a producer . he has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say 'everyone's upset' . but he today said he would 'miss being there' fronting the motoring show . it emerged that former presenter angela Rippon would be keen to return . she said it would be 'great' if she were invited back to front top gear .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by a man at a bus stop in the beston area of Leeds . police have come across CCTV footage that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night . one woman was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in the city centre, ending up miles away from where she was going . a third woman can be seen
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote madidi national park . she had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world . a tree toppled onto her during a storm in the north-western part of the country . her grief-stricken parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot .
zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of ordering dramatic overnight paint job 'to get her own back' critics in her west London neighbourhood said the redesign was driving them 'mad' and likened her to a child throwing a tantrum . she has also fallen out with the family of her late husband .
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that cause problems with your current or future employer . users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words . program deletes any tweet that mentions them . in February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate .
the two men will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit they are attending this weekend in Panama . it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange . a white house official today told reporters traveling with the administration, 'i can confirm that President Obama spoke with President Castro on Wednesday, before President Obama departed Washington'
the opening of the championships has been postponed due to wild weather . officials said it was too risky to race on the wet surface . the $10 million program has been moved to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the weekend event .
the 18-year-old was re-arrested after his preventative detention order was removed . he has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' police insider claims the men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife . it mirrors the plans of Islamic preachers who murdered a soldier in 2013 .
bodies of four alleged attackers paraded in front of large crowd at primary school . survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed building . she spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive . four attackers have not been named and their nationalities haven't been revealed .
series of model letters drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages . designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the election . women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault . she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014 . when she came home, she found her ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet . prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was 'completely justified in her outrage'
the chef makes a mini strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries . using a tiny cutter, he cuts out a circle of bread and flattens it out . then uses a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry . he then squiggles frosting all over the mini cake .
'i think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator said yesterday . the confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion .
the monarch was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box . unfortunately for her, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post . she was left to rue missed chances after her horse came in third . newbury is hosting the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities on the 1967 album cover . it was signed by all four band members following the shoot . the 20-inch-tall sculpture was given to a photography assistant as a souvenir .
new york teen Daria Rose lost everything in hurricane sandy and has been accepted to seven Ivy League schools . the 18-year-old immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in 2012 . a college essay about her experience helped Rose secure a spot in Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown .
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own . 'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' she said .
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, north carolina . he could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well . on facebook, he describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
town halls have failed to recalibrate some of 100,000 ticket machines . drivers without old coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for £1.25 hour's parking . council also charges £1.85 for an hour and £3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes . experts fear problem could become even worse when new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017 .
daphne, 86, has starred in a new campaign for vans and & other stories . the 'world's oldest supermodel' has teamed up with 22-year-old Flo Dron . says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist'
Graham Leonard hijacked a plane's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke . he then caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off the fire alarm . the 46-year-old admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers .
two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women . idea was that members would find a box of centenary cake on their seats . but organisers were astonished to be told the gesture would incur a 'sampling charge' of £2,500 . extra fees liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted inside building .
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across . contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually . by strobing light at a high frequency, the operator is able to send information to the computer .
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London . it has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden . at its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in, with the buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat .
former mob enforcer in rhode island with ties to late new england crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca has died in a federal prison in north carolina . his nephew, Kevin Ouimette Lynch, tells the Providence Journal that his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in butner, north Carolina . he was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders and had booze, drugs and lobster dinner 
boy, 14, held in blackburn after police examined electronic devices in town . girl, 16, arrested after police raided house in longsight, as part of investigation . both were bailed until 28 may 2015 and no one answered at girl's home .
no more than 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform . at least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake . 4% of president barack obama's followers, by comparison, are considered fake, while 21% of vice president Joe Biden's .
Wellington put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival . the colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks . thousands of locals and tourists drew in for the contagious and frenetic festivities .
police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed . the 26-year-old's burnt remains were discovered in cocoparra national park north of Griffith on friday evening . it has also emerged that one of the last actions of the Leeton school teacher was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding . her body has now been transported to a morgue in Sydney to undergo forensic testing .
dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone . he put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their unborn baby .
Eileen Mason and Margaret Seabrook were at lunch club meeting in swindon . 'evil looking' man appeared from behind fence and tried to grab contents of basket . but would-be robber was knocked to the ground and pair sped off into distance . pensioners say they refused to let the 'weasel' bring them down .
scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the university of Copenhagen have measured how big the glaciers are, and their similarity to glaciers on Earth . if all ice were to be spread across the surface of Mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre)
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . in the new chapter, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans . 'as the summer slipped away, I drove Chelsea crazy checking in practically every hour,' she wrote . but their daughter was far calmer and better prepared, she said .
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at level crossing in 2005 . friends were using unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to . Cambridge . they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted airport . an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death - but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to coroner .
the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny' . Queensland resident Roxy Walsh took to her Facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday . she said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes . one by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into pockets as they go .
teacher Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in 1980s . she was charged as part of the metropolitan police’s operation winthorpe . five people have been charged by officers from investigating child sex abuse .
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a hired white Peugeot RCZ into club doors . he was walking through city centre when he saw friend having argument with bouncers . went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told nobody else was allowed in . instead of leaving he knocked on door and asked doormen to come out . but when bouncer refused he calmly walked back to his car and climbed inside . then 'nugged' the doors
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, allegedly stabbed family in Gibraltar . she is said to have been 'suffering from post-natal depression', police say . the couple's six-week-old baby and daughter, four, were found dead . police believe perez Friman suffered a 'psychotic incident' as a result .
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American . she was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border . the psychology graduate student, 27, escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits . on Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime
children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way' she says it goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise . 'the baby won't have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said .
39% of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to 33% for labour . shock poll, published this afternoon, comes after tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million .
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits . he was also charged with driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .
Dame Barbara was accused of gagging whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on ordinary patients . she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded that there was no case to answer . but it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety .
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, fought in the trenches at Lone Pine in anzac cove on the shores of turkey during world war one . he was awarded the VC for his 48-hour effort where he threw live iron grenades back at the enemy . his grand niece, Keira Quinn Lockyer, said her great uncle was a humble man who did not think he did anything special .
the foreign minister wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif . social media lit up as those from both sides of the debate weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom . 'that's true feminism,' tweeted one twitter user .
Valerie Rutty, 60, altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned . then paid difference between actual sums into own bank account by cheque . stole almost £3,500 from fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils . cash collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and other fundraisers .
the 56-year-old pop star posted a photo of the former prime minister on Instagram . she quickly deleted it after receiving dozens of abusive messages . some of her fans took umbrage to the photo and said she had gone 'a step too far'
the £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Provence vineyard . wine spectator ranked it at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 . it has sold previously in the uk through specialist wine merchants . but marks and spencer is the first to offer it up on the high street .
branded painkillers just using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend more . some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging . the over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5billion .
terrier barked at Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, last year . they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money . but devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking . he then made off in the victims' car before slamming the dog across the head . the animal suffered serious injuries and is now recovering at home in Chorley .
62-year-old man was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk . machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath . his family managed to drag him from pond and made frantic efforts to save him .
police were called to a KFC restaurant in northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday . officers found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop . a murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that Sheriff Mbye had been dropped off outside queen Elizabeth hospital . the car was later found by police abandoned in Hickman Gardens, Ladywood . an 18 year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called 'swooping' where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond . she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive center in DeLand, Florida, about 4.10pm . it is unclear what type of dive Edgeinton was maneuvering, but she appears to have run into a problem in the
an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney fills 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the university of texas . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from . Stephen Jones now fill the 550 box-size boxes . trove was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998 .
the black-and-white clip has clocked up over 1.25 million views in under a week . it shows the boys approach a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk . they then go in search of a singer before launching into a moving melody . the duo said they were shocked to find such an impressive talent on the street .
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, Ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid . mother-of-one said she couldn't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin, she thought she had an ideal solution . but instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped, Jessica's dangerous DIY treatment gave her chemical burns .
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was hit . he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance . but he died two weeks later and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . retired stunt pilot only retired from his job two years ago .
father reveals his daughter became hooked on drugs after buying them in playground . he warns that Class A drugs are widely available to children and urges schools and police to get tough . father has written open letter to local authority asking if a young person has to die before the problem is addressed .
doctors and midwives have clamped the cord within seconds of birth . they feared the drug - replaced with a safer substitute - could harm the baby . but Amanda burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .
when she became the first daughter of the united states of america, she was just a twelve-year-old with a full head of frizzy curls . but over the years, as she has grown up, her curls began to fade, appearing more and more controlled, before eventually vanishing completely . now, in a candid interview with Elle magazine, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets . insisting that, far from being an intentional style change, her once-
property developer from darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000, says his son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one . a lawsuit filed by the 50-year-old says locals are so worried at the prospect of the town's black population - currently 70 people, or 0.33 per cent - getting any bigger that they hit back through the medium of baseball . the town and the Little League both deny that the goings-on of
each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummy from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha . rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments . researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet .
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue . the venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in new south wales' central west region . but on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and the car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside .
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators, tortoies are unable to swim like the sea turtle . the commission said that one can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a turtle by looking at the animal's feet .
gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in a stolen car on the motorway last year . they attempted to flee on foot along the busy motorway slip road . dramatic chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter . footage shows gang jumping out of stolen car when they realise they were boxed in and fleeing on foot . officers managed to arrest the four robbers but had to use CS spray when one of the men threatened police at the roadside .
clare Else's husband was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic . the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder . he had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill .
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . but he was pictured the same day aboard the battleship, 323 miles from his patch . the mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role . he claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing .
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury Township . the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest . at least one of the individuals checked into the motel around 9 a.m. on sunday morning .
university of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce .
church elder was given power of attorney over her dying friend's finances . she later became a carer for her 87-year-old victim, who was battling breast cancer . but she helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales . the grandmother, from Ramsbottom, was handed a 12-month suspended sentence .
at least 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014, says a report out last week from the Citizens for Tax Justice . according to the report, household names like CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits . some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions .
polls suggest the election will be too close to call . the latest ICM poll for the Guardian had the tories ahead on 34 per cent . labour were down one point on 32 per cent, while labour were unchanged on 34% .
the incident occurred at alverta B. Gray Schultz middle school in hempstead, new york, about 2pm on tuesday . police say the mother, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt . she believed the teacher had 'put her hands' on her daughter earlier in the day . a fight ensued and the teacher was shoved against the wall
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach . her client list includes Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others . she reduced beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . the young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics .
leading member of notorious paedophile information exchange joins supporters . attended rally to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation . organisation set up in wake of phone-hacking scandal in 1970s and 80s .
the crown princess was in the town of Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by german troops on April 9, 1940 . the Tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories .
the 46-year-old signer spent time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, where his daughter is being cared for . while over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not expected to ever fully recover .
lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds . his countryman Yemane Adhane Tsegay was second with 2:09:48 in mid-40s weather, and Wilson Chebet of Kenya took third in 2:10:22 . Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division after a tense final stretch .
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates . many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website . last Monday, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016 .
woman, believed to be in her 20s, tumbling from a punt in university city . two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out . she disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced .
Vincent Viafore, 46, was on the rough Hudson River near newburgh with his fiance when he was thrown in on sunday evening . he wasn't wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . his partner managed to get out of the water and call 911 . she was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time .
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, the day after her first birthday . her single mother, aren, 23, saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day . two decades later, the shock is still raw .
savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the river cam . he is believed to be the grandson of his grandfather, asbo, who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 . resident said: 'he sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers'
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff . she's been with the first lady since she moved in to the white house in 2005 . 'she can have that,' the Spelman college graduate said .
Qasr al-Farid or 'the Lonely Castle' stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop . believed to have been constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes . it is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh .
sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house featured in classic 1970s tv series . great-grandmother-of-five has resided at house in north-west london since 1986 . she said: 'from what i have seen i think he is best man to give The Good Life'
flight 448 from Seattle to los angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma international airport on monday . passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft . in a desperate bid for help, the man called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off .
comedian died suddenly aged 56 last June after suffering serious head injuries . but probate records reveal he had no will to deal with his £1.2 million estate . his wife of 29 years, Barbara, and their three adult children could be left with a large inheritance tax bill .
brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in early march . his lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother wrote on facebook .
the national immunisation program currently requires parents to vaccinate their children to be eligible for family payments and childcare rebates . however, people who choose not to do so for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs can apply for an exemption . they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don't get vaccinated . social services minister says the government is actively researching possible legislation changes .
a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools have attracted so many celebrities . the historic property was used as a rest house during the first world war . inside the high-end hotel are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same .
the 84-year-old had skin cancer on his forehead and the top of his head . he had been out walking with his wife every morning in the hope that he could return to work . but he admitted last year that 'when i was a kid we never ever wore a cap' .
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect . police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . the 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces' by the time police rescued him, the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together .
the 11-year-old autistic boy has been reunited with his rescuers at royal children's hospital in Melbourne . he was found three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park, northeast of melbourne . doctors say they are stunned with how healthy he appeared considering he had gone without food or water since good friday . the boy was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia at the time .
a third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own car . three-quarters of women never wash their own vehicle . shops now opening on a Sunday and more live football on tv blamed for decline .
researchers from germany, canada and the u.s. analysed 6,100 questions . they found men were more likely to kill a young Hitler to save lives . but women are more reluctant to do harm in the short-term to get better result .
the NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on friday . this after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch . the Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season .
68-year-old is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 . he has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . pensioner has clocked up nearly 350 offences over his lifetime .
hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health . hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal . a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising .
a hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue' the donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . Christine Royles, 24, of south Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work .
reports suggest the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west . the visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance . ahead of his visit, Mr Tsipras condemned the west's economic sanctions on Moscow as 'a road to nowhere'
snorkeler Roxy Walsh, 34, found the sentimental ring snorkeling in Bali . she launched a social media campaign to reunite the ring with its' owner . the couple's granddaughter, jade, posted a message on facebook . within a week, over 6000 people joined the 'Find Joe and Jenny' page . 'the amazing thing is, out of the thousands of messages I got through the page, Jade's was the only one claiming it,' she said 
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . his weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition .
the 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze . worried her asthma would get worse, she reached into her bag for her inhaler . she heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook it, but ignored the noise . doctors prescribed antibiotics to prevent infection and put a long, thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscope into her lung . they were able to examine the 
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde . they took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours . channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning . he told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content .
predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 . by 2013, average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011 . study also found increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties .
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed her lover when she first met him . over three barbaric weeks, Smith burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes . he also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives, forks and scissors .
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, confessed to strangling nine-year-old victim 'while drunk' she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into his car . she was then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants . her mother, named only as Isabelle, 'heard daughter's screams' as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais .
captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in the Afghan military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . she was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots . her family received threats from both family members and the Taliban who disapproved of her ambition .
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under their breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised . the idea was inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon .
princess looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment . mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event . also attended by young starlet Dakota Fanning and fledgling thespian Kelly Brook .
the 55-year-old was a lauded figure among the u.s. safari enthusiast community . he was trying to measure the elephant's ivory tusks for an american client . the young bull elephant charged and knelt on him until he died .
the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near Langenfeld, germany, yesterday . body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings . the temperature was thought to be between 10 to 15 degrees during the shoot .
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months . they stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Great Barr, Birmingham . a stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in Erdington . but he was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle . the duo were jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham crown court .
June Whitfield, 89, is best known for her role as mother of Edna, played by Jennifer Saunders, in absolutely Fabulous . she is set to make a guest appearance in the soap next week as Sister Ruth . her character will offer advice to jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon .
researchers from the department of psychology at Stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters . they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990 . results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt 'many of their matches' from the toy . among those born in the decade after the set began to be manufactured, the proportion of synesthetes with learned letter-
noel Marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 . it is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production . 'you’re fine with lions and tigers as long as you don’t show any fear,' says director . film is due to be shown at a handful of cinemas in the us in April .
leanne Kenny, 23, from northwich, weighed 20st after snacking on junk food . she would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks . her break through moment came when she couldn't fit into their largest dress . following strict diet and fitness regime she has lost 7st and now weighs 13st .
marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed . the attack took place in her family's south african home on January 27 and she is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . doctors say she may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father, mother and eldest brother . her extended family revealed in a statement on Sunday that, although she can't remember the brutal murders,
campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of Easter . after next month's general election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15 . in 1928, the Easter act was passed in parliament . but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and has never been implemented .
a number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london . under plans by the conservatives the right to buy will be extended to 1.3million homes, occupied by 2.75million people . people living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 .
'i think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination,' he told a reporter . the president declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS .
the hit US political TV series house of cards stars Kevin Spacey as Francis Underwood . the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots . it's a place where the hunt always ends in a kill . Alicia malone, whose job is to sell Washington to foreign visitors, has visited .
prime minister set out seven key policies to help get people on to property ladder . he said 'dream of home ownership is alive' and promised 'security at every stage' . seven point plan includes help to buy ISA to help first-time buyers save for deposit .
a photo of a 'drunken' young woman was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3 . the photo was a week after the owner's son was jailed for raping an 18-year-old girl at the venue . 'we’re throwing an extra special Yeezter event tonight. Free entry till 10pm and $5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it!' the club agreed that the photo used was ‘100 per cent inappropriate’ .
Jake Shaw, 21, was volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg . he fell from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of august 1 . shortly before his death, he had been celebrating the Swiss national day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of fire' he returned to his room at around 2.45am in a 'very drunk state' and lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window 
Hannah Moore, 20, of west lothian, suffered stretch marks after having twins . she posted images to boost her confidence and told followers 'nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' but two minutes later, her account was immediately shut down due to 'violence' the mother-of-two says her body is 'clearly fat and ugly' .
driver pulled over on i-20 in albilene, texas, and got out of their cars to pick up cash . passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving . plastic bag with 'substantial amount of money' was blown out of truck . police have warned anyone caught with cash inside van will be prosecuted .
cat squeezed into hole in wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station in 2010 . but soon became too big to escape - and survived thanks to an elderly man . he gave him water and fed him scraps of food every day . now, the cat has finally been freed thanks to a social media campaign .
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man . she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky . her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work . the incidents occurred after she was freed from jail after 16 months .
audrie pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a friend's party in 2012 . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages . the final two teens have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act' they also apologized for sharing false rumors that 'served to
Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam . the twins suffer from a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life . when their twin sister needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match . now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Bin
Sheriff Mbye, 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds on friday . comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder . officers were called to a scuffle outside a KFC restaurant in northfield, britain . when officers arrived they found a 19-year old with stab injuries in a barber shop . he was then dropped off at the queen's hospital in south london . but despite the best efforts of
sources close to Gracie Mansion said the 17-year-old will make his decision by the end of the month . de Blasio's son is a senior at Brooklyn Technical high school . he is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's education .
bookkeeper was employed at mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . on January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber . realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents . she was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS) in laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
astronauts recorded three spacewalks outside the ISS on february 25 and march 1 . they were in preparation for the arrival of 2017's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft . the clip was recorded to give the future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the space station .
'Retrosweat' is an eighties-inspired aerobics class with a twist . a 50-minute class, it has 12 dance tracks and Dooley mixes up the soundtrack to keep people on their toes .
party has reduced number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources . strategist said 'extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe .
Justin Jackson, a florida man, has been accused of posing as celebrities in order to get freebies and jobs . he allegedly tricked a jeweler into lending him items worth $2.4million by pretending to be Madonna's manager . the ruse was convicted of grand theft, but he dreamed up new celebrity-linked schemes, according to court papers .
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting memorabilia . the 26-year-old holds the world record for the largest collection of Pokemon items . her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in the house .
the maps were compiled by cartographer Trent Hare . they include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape . grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters . to the left of the crater, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
would-be lib dem maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club . footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs . staff said his actions had been 'outrageous'
five-year-old boy pelted heavily armed officers with missiles during clashes . soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse crowd in northern west bank . more than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces .
ex-bolton wanderers striker is accused of conspiring to commit bribery . he is also alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp . facey is also accused of offering a contact £2,000 to fix a football match .
the 25-year-old serial criminal from Lancaster, north carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine . he told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' he was already in jail at the time, having been arrested
80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school . more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices . affluent borough of wansdworth has decided to remove sibling priority . it is a bid to make the process fairer and give priority to children closest to schools .
grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises off the coast of britain . on four separate occasions, they have feasted on the dead animals . footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey . the footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company . scientists said the seals may have developed a taste for porps after sampling some caught in nets .
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father, while her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father . 'the argument is serious — it’s not a joke,' she said .
a woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval' . when he was brought in by the Logan City police department for questioning, he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out . the pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend him after his arrest and then 'voluntarily ceased operations, other than general meetings'
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and son, Brendon, 39 . as he was escorted from courtroom, he swore loudly: 'you've sentenced me to life' judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance' . he confronted driver's son and grandson in their home on st Mary's road, near town of Montagu
the wall-mounted alarm clock, called Wak, creates a ‘personal sunrise’ . it emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually . a white LED slowly illuminates the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up, with the aim of making them feel alert faster . instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat .
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the home Counties . the potential goldmine in the weald basin, across Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent, could meet up to a third of Britain's oil demand within 15 years . industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’ .
more than 200 women, children and elderly from the religious minority were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq, earlier this week . around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer . hundreds have been able to return, either by fleeing or being set free by Isis, and the nine-year-old is among them .
the anonymous donor sent the money along with a note to officials . he said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' the church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding . but only if they can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year .
super-fit Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year . she started her first marathon in Chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27 . the challenge saw her pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record . but she also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley .
ospreys can be seen at Rutland water, especially during the summer . seals are visible on the northerly island of Stroma . dolphins are seen at cardigan bay, the dolphin capital of Britain .
a 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . but after jumping on the paleo diet, she claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months . the celebrity chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by another MS sufferer
the search for missing woman Jessica Bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening . the 37-year-old was last seen leaving her home on dudley street, in the south-eastern suburb of coogee, about 8:30am on tuesday . her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page . police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one .
the St. Louis Blues beat the Chicago Blackhawks 2-1 on sunday . it moved the team a point ahead of Nashville to the top of the central division .
researchers at the hadassah medical school in Jerusalem studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech MRI scanner . they found older women could feel young again as pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process .
the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . the hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group . it also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile .
the 12-year-old daughter of the mailman who landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. capitol last week has said she is 'downright proud' of her father . he is currently under house arrest in florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone . on monday, he said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the
Julia van Herck, 42, from Fulham, gained 12 stone after getting married in 1993 . she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and pizzas . mother-of-three would hide calorific treats in her medicine cabinet . a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight and she has slimmed down .
a 12-year-old girl was tied up, beaten and raped for by seven different men . she was kidnapped from her home in the northern Iraq region of Yazidi . one survivor told the charity she was 'owned' by seven fighters . the women and girls were forced to marry and convert to Islam . they were also forced to pick their victims' names out of a sick lottery . their actions amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity .
the creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . while most of its body is a brilliant lime green, like all species of glass frogs, the skin on its underside is see-though . this means that the animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible . it was named by Brian Kubicki who discovered it, after his mother to thank her for supporting his interest in science .
police have launched a state-wide search for a high school teacher who disappeared on Easter Sunday . Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney . her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley said police are concerned for her welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character . the teacher was excited about her wedding day on Saturday .
map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . it begins in 1933 with the first sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the us, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia . number of sighting in the 1940s and 1960s increases dramatically across the world, according to the map . some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity . but the CIA recently claimed
battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history . HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix . experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described move as 'astonishing'
5,700 children applied to visit 'spy school' in london . they were chosen from among 5,700 hopefuls . the group were given a guided tour of the security service's HQ . it was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the building .
Emma Hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty BrCa1 gene in 2005 . the 42-year-old had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year . but despite the drastic surgery, she received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer . since then, she has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in the space of a year - and is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks .
YouTuber Dave Hax’s ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without peeling . the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through . he advises boiling water boil the spuds for as long as needed and let them drain before running under cold water .
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to kill his elder sibling . on tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how he laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in august 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing . he is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson .
Nadine Crooks, 33, stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome . cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries and she was stunned to fall pregnant again . she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner .
more than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in the past year . up to four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some bear farms . paws, meat and gall bladders are sold for the equivalent of £625 a bear . insiders say the bears are being massacred as the vietnamese government attempts to crackdown on illegal bear bile farms in the country .
organizers of the anti-gay protest at McGuffey high school in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school . students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters . the event is understood to have been a reaction to the previous day's event .
water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week . Robin Weld, who lives in parched Sacramento, recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a toilet-sink . clean city water comes in through the faucet, is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush . neighbor Chris Brown is using the left over water from his shower
flight lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took bear with him on every flight . he printed royal crest, letters AM for air ministry and nickname 'bea' on his chest . when he died aged 87 in 1997, bear was passed to his family . it is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams .
the singer took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital . the 20-year-old had planned on being at sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October . just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia . she had to undergo countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant, which meant she was forced to give up her tickets .
the sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off the coast of Kauai in April 1824 . a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht . the ship was owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Lihol
the robot, named BB-8, took to the stage at star wars convention in california . it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body . film’s director confirmed that a real robot was used during filming . but he did not reveal how the robot works, saying: 'it's so coooool'
former head of the NHS criticises labour over mid staffs scandal . branded 'man with no shame' after refusing to resign over 1,200 needless deaths . says he did not know what went on at the hospital until retiring last year .
Nigel Short said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . the 49-year-old said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently' he was the first english player to play a World Chess Championship match . critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .
on the eve of their 10-year wedding anniversary, letourneau, 53, and her student-turned-husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with '20/20' the couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when he was in her second grade class in Seattle . she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual . the interview will air on 20/20 on friday .
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, connie Bell Going . this after he was adopted by a minister in Ohio and his family, but was sent back into the system after a fight with one of the minister's children . he has since found a home in florida, where he is now living with his mother, who gave birth to him behind bars .
after a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker . this is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing . now, for the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate stress on immune cells .
‘Visualize You’ processes an image of you to reveal what you would look like if you lost a specified amount of weight . users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. the app costs £1.61 ($2.40) on android and £1.49 ($1.99) on iOS for the full version.
the former secretary of state's secret service-approved van, nicknamed 'Scooby,' was spotted in le Claire, Iowa, on Tuesday . she and top aide Huma abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier . a Times reporter later persuaded the restaurant's manager to send her photographs of his security camera footage .
Mohammed waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting boy . allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque . court heard boy made mistakes with his studies, including not reciting correctly .
letter sent from white star lines to brother of officer who died on board . asks for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body . company bosses say it will be family's job to pay for him to be transported to morgue and for burial . letter dated may 7, 1912, has been uncovered 103 years on from tragedy .
mother-of-three Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she couldn't find it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking . half a year later, the mystery was solved when she saw a post on a facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
a Missouri woman who finished a a St. Louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after officials concluded she didn't run the full course either year . Kendall Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race and since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner . her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in
the resort is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday . it is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park . the sun shines for around 300 days of the year here and the sand is warm beneath your toes .
delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12 . the video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected .
nine other worlds in the solar system are suspected to have subsurface oceans . one AU is the distance from the sun to the sun - and the other is a AU . some of the worlds are thought to contain far more water than is on Earth .
marisa curlen, 20, was found dead in her room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg, virginia, on friday . police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play . she became the third member of Rye high school's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year .
a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside . when she went on facebook, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 stepside bed . she arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, tx . the suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from
andras Janos Vass, 25, convicted of human trafficking and racketeering . he lured men to the u.s. with promises of easy work and high wages . they were forced to perform sex work at all hours, either in person or live on webcams .
more than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi after ISIS intensified their offensive . the advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important city of Tikrit . before the current bout of fighting, 400,000 Iraqis were already displaced .
just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place . nearly half blame humans for the change, according to a new interactive map . but opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts . people in California are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us .
the brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera . shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . the four men will remain in custody until a full trial on may 4th .
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting . some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted . police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners .
anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the earth's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change . concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade . scientists say they are capable of storing far more energy from the sun than carbon dioxide . the world needs to prepare itself for a rapid increase in the speed of climate change, scientists have warned .
internal briefings seen by CNN this week reveal the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as 'enemy forces' the guard was first activated in Ferguson in august after Missouri governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations . guard were activated again in November ahead of the decision by a grand jury who decided not to indict officer Darren Wilson .
researchers scanned the brains of people reading passages from the series . they found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion . valence and arousal ratings are normally used for words in isolation . but the researchers wanted to see how these classifications and findings could be applied to passages of text and books as a whole .
eldest daughter Nancy likens her father to the embarrassing dad from modern family . he admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down . the pm has often name checked ultra-cool bands to burnish his credentials .
state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market . it is in its fourth year of drought, and residents are campaigning against bottled water . almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin E and magnesium .
consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials . they say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television, which limits commercial content on kids' programming .
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tanny since last year . he customises his self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through . the train conductor said: 'i'm taking the mickey out of myself a little bit'
a man visiting Dallas from liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital . a doctor videotaped Nina Pham while she was in her hospital bed on October 16 and images were later made public . the hospital says it respected Pham's privacy and only acted with her consent .
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents .
the 6'7'' swingman was arrested for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene . he was left with a broken fibula and torn ligaments and will miss the rest of the season . sefolosha blamed six officers from the new york police department for the injury . his statement was shared by his club's twitter account .
fears for two new strains of influenza will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores . there was a spike in deaths related to H3N2 and B/Phuket during the northern winter as the vaccine did not provide the right buffer against the diseases . high-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20 .
five of the city's six police officers, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor resigned after Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn in last week . the outgoing mayor says they all cited 'safety concerns' in their resignations . there are 713 people living in the community and 57percent are white and 41per cent are black .
italian bio-designers have unveiled a project to 3D print organic tissues . they plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . synthetic eyes could be available by 2027 .
the eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012 . it follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower . javier bardem and Russell Crowe are still rumored to be interested .
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught .
fisherman in Thailand reels in catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod . the youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake . he holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod, but it isn't clear whether or not he has hooked anything .
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children . many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius . others include the mind-numbingly dull chores, which drag on for a lifetime .
school administrators 'vehemently deny' any knowledge of Marilyn Zuniga's assignment . 'get well' letters were delivered to mumia Abu-Jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for complications from diabetes . the former black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner .
mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches tie the knot in a park in Beijing . billed the first of its kind to be held in china by a new pet app . 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax . he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years . businesses are already concerned about labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the tories have vowed to if they win office . main rate has been brought down from 28 per cent to 21 per cent .
the wonderland house in Brighton sleeps up to 24 guests . the looking glass cottage in the south coast of england is also popular . jacqueline Martin, 37, said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like pinterest .
the number of australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year . the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals . a proposed ban on alcohol could become law as early as the end of this year if backed by President Joko Widodo .
perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . 'if we like someone's smell, they become instantly more attractive to us, and vice versa,' says Roja Dove .
the singer has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool . the retail giant own just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays . they have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the fur .
@BarbieStyle is the brand's official style feed - and has more than 730,000 followers . the page is painstakingly planned by the company's vice president of design, Kim Culmone . it aims to attract trendy twentysomethings - so instead of princess costumes, followers get fashion-forward outfits 'firmly rooted in reality'
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through gap in cot at her home . but 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck and was saved . her mother, Louise, happened to be watching the incident unfold on baby monitor . days later a second toddler was found with forehead jammed against handrail . furniture boss who supplied beds, Phillip Dickens, fined £50,000 and given suspended sentence .
grand rapids, Michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight . as of Thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman . this isn't the first time that she has been accused of wreaking havoc with her car . in December, she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting .
Stefan Stoykov moved to the us as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english . now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet . brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking .
more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point . half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely . in comparison, 43 per cent wished they had more friends . a third of the under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends and didn't know how to form new friendships .
defence secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader . he claimed he cannot be trusted not to sell out in 'grubby' deal with the SNP . survey suggests up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident .
fast food giant installed metal spikes outside branch in Leeds city centre . critics say they were installed to stop people sleeping rough . but McDonald's says it is only about anti-social behaviour .
aueel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's hospital about 5.15pm on friday . her mother, Akon Guode, crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday . she believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles because the children associate the giant reptiles with water . the five-year-old girl is expected to make a '100 per cent'
the state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft . Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . however, Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home . putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out, just like this home for sale in tasmania . in most parts, the australian property market remains at record high levels, and the experts say you can profit even more handsomely from elbow-grease .
australian entrepreneur Jo burston, 43, started her first business Job Capital . the company handles payroll services, migration, salary packaging and contract-management . it turned over $40 million in its first four years . her mentor always says 'when you're in the ring, fight until the end' .
Argentine government accuses three firms of working without permission . rockhopper Exploration, premier oil, falkland oil and gas Limited and US firms Noble Energy and Edison International accused of sending semi-submersible rig to explore basin 120 miles north of islands .
a new anti-smoking ad has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who lives with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . she has called for the new Tips from former smokers . advert features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old . 'my tip is: get over being squeamish. you're going to be emptying your bag
snakes, bush meat (zebra, lion, gorilla), combs that double as flick-knives, monkeys sewn into the lining of a coat and corpses 'propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses' smugglers litter their luggage with hypodermic needles or razor blades .
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from a nightclub in the early hours of sunday . she was last seen leaving a man's flat in Kelvindale at around 4am . a handbag thought to belong to her was found in a park near his home . her parents have travelled to Glasgow to help in the search for their daughter . police have said they have tracked down the man and are not treating him as a suspect .
jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, has sired massive brood with at least ten mothers . he was set to become father for 16th time but has revealed he's split from mother . says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus . last month he caused a stir when he appeared on 40 kids by 20 women .
the man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in a psychiatric unit . he claims he has no memory of who he is or where he comes from . police have released pictures and information in the hope someone will recognise him .
Freddie gray, 27, was arrested by four officers for an undisclosed violation . he lapsed into a coma and died on sunday at the university of maryland . his lawyer said he had 'his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' in a video of the arrest, it appears the officers dragged him to a police van . thirty minutes later, an ambulance was called to the police station .
former civil servant changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help . he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries . four months later, he died at the age of 87 after falling out with his family . his family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower . but the mother-of-one insists he had a change of heart after fall out .
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years . his best stories are from his days as editor of the Daily Express gossip column .
the 2015 general election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise . shot glasses emblazoned with David Cameron's face and political party underwear appear on shelves . many of the bizarre trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites .
the project were promoting upcoming guest on the channel 10 show, Michael Che . they accidentally used two clips of another comic, Jay Pharoah, on the promo . the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked twitter users . presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder .
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from insurers . easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay £10 fee for airline letter confirming cancellation . there were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across europe this month following 48-hour strike by french air-traffic controllers.
police response times in some areas have been increased by up to 50 per cent . in Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes . crime victims in Cambridgeshire and southwales wait on average 14 minutes for help . the number of police officers across the country has fallen by 17,000 since 2009 .
'inappropriate sexual interest' in 15-year-old, jury hears . 'had taken advantage of her 'chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing' 'called police less than a fortnight before disappearance to see how officers would react to her disappearance'
an Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in west australia . it is the first sighting of the species in the state and only the second in the country . identifying the 5.68m juvenile female was at first difficult for officials .
the duchess of cambridge wore Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS repeatedly . the mid-range label has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours . she wore the brand on several occasions during her second pregnancy .
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station . passenger hopped out of vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack . he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing inheritance . on realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed' and 'physically sick'
oligarch roman abramovich's submarine is just one of the extras that came with his £300million superyacht Eclipse . billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world's oceans . the luxury vehicle is battery power to allow passengers to sail silently through the water .
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . during her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' the former math and calculus teacher had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on friday Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and
deputy labour leader refuses to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes . 'we will put up the top rate of tax, we will not put up national insurance rates'
the Beautification machine was created by two university of . vienna students, maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete .
graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips, 69 . the elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger . he claims he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and moved to another . but the couple say he later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation . they were on a 14-night holiday based in the canary islands .
Dave Heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran 156 miles in six days . father-of-three is first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents . the marathon des Sables takes place in the desert in sahara desert . competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can reach 50 degrees .
the mail's revelations sparked outrage with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry . head of the royal college of nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise . patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures .
the family of bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death . they want him to be spared the death penalty so they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives . last week a jury found the 21-year-old terrorist guilty on all counts related to the attack on the finish line of the marathon .
the 34-year-old star of the only way is Essex has expanded her range . she showcased the collection at one of the chain's flagship stores in Manchester . new additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as floral fringed kimonos .
there are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky . health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested . the growing number could put pressure on Gov. Mike Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26 . since Pence approved the temporary needle exchange, 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants .
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on sunday . she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in south australia's southeast . the car was discovered the same afternoon on bay road in the heart of mount Gambier but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight .
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered in the city of Gdansk . archaeologists suspect the place was once a school of swordsmanship . the artifact has been taken away for preservation work .
a total of 48% thought parking charges should be free, while 31% thought they were too high . ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges were also high up on the list .
noelle baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door at her home in winchester, hants . he said he could hear her two dogs barking and jumping behind the door . but he found the floors covered in dog faeces and found her body lying on the landing . it is believed she collapsed and died following an accidental overdose .
usually at this time of year we would still be eating imported vegetables . but thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until august . supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month .
Abdul Hadi arwani was a fierce critic of president bashar al-Assad . the 48-year-old was found slumped in a car with wounds to his chest . his family have paid tribute to 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
Puno's colourful fiestas combine Spanish and Inca traditions . men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters, while women wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats . hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from altitude sickness .
Naomi, 44, and 24-year-old Jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection . the pair show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames inspired by gabardine .
pumpkin seed oil is rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair . when applied to the lengths of your locks, PowerHealth say it hydrates hair follicles giving shiny and lustrous strands . studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food .
the 16-year-old wanted to obtain abrin from undercover police . he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester youth court . the dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines .
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords that sell for up to £22,000 each . he uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords . the blades would have been the type used by warriors in the dynasty .
bomb detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, killing 35 and injuring 125 . group included military personnel as well as civilians waiting to receive salaries . one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier . he said: 'the Taliban did not claim responsibility for the attack, daesh claimed responsibility'
the it crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kim Kardashian by taking their children to fashion week . the offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Toni Maticevski .
aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels deployed to waters off embattled country . cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition helping country fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis . coalition of Arab countries backed by us continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in capital Sana'a .
the knightsbridge flat, London, has just three years left on the lease . the cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month . but if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million .
aristocratic son of war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939 posted challenge online . brandishing sword, he said: 'enough is enough, Mr Farage. so what i'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel' the prince, who lives in west london, says he has 'had enough' of farage .
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility, plus some tips on how to prepare them .
labour leader says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' and criminals 'let off the hook' but launch of criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by police scandal . police adviser, Lord Stephens, will be investigated over bungled murder probe . comes after plan to abolish non-dom tax status for foreigners launched .
petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley as she walked home . he mugged her before fleeing to a nearby park and boasted about the attack . co-defendant, Zoheb Majid, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars .
Jeremy Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the corporation after 'unprovoked' attack . he said two days before attack he was told he might have cancer . said he woke every morning worrying about every single line of the show . and went to bed at night worrying changes he'd made were wrong .
the converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden . around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . the conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats . it provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence .
Jessica Bialek vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on tuesday . her husband, Sabino Matera, posted a heartfelt thank you on social media . he said: 'the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family' police have confirmed the 37-year-old is safe and is speaking with officers .
police have released a photo of a bearded young man they want to speak to . a fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong . the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile father Kevin O'Donnell .
young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on bank holiday . he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path . female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse, despite leaving him with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth . police have urged cyclist to contact officers over the incident .
the adored school teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday . her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday . it is particularly painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to their wedding day .
green party leader has been dating her boyfriend for five years . he used a blog called the Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' he also described paedophiles as 'complex human beings' the couple met online when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her . but now the party insists they do not 'want to be associated' with his rants .
beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy . in march 2013, Musk contacted google co-founder Larry Page . he proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions .
the 56-year-old elementary school teacher was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter school in the tiny town of Halfway, Oregon when a masked man burst in with a gun and lowered it to her head . 'you're dead,' the shooter said . she had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks .
police have found the body of the 21-year-old who went missing on february 21 . his body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station . the family, from fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 . he was last seen leaving his car near lake Ontario, new york .
brothers of men convicted of sex offences five times more likely than average . sons of fathers with a criminal record nearly four times likely to be convicted . biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in family . 40 to 50 per cent of differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven .
the 27-year-old quarterback hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . the team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner .
the photographer and mother-of-two, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters .
scientists examined 7,000-year-old pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile . they found evidence of a 'mega drought' in the area . droughts brought fires, famine and social unrest to the region . scientists say there was a sharp decline in oaks, pines and carob trees .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday . it was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn, whose other customers have included Sir Elton John and Ronald Reagan .
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre crocodile in 1989 . the farmer would sit on the croc's back while he chatted to him . he never felt in danger, and a warrant had been issued to kill the reptile . Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in a swamp in far-north Queensland .
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse, all from Utah, have both transitioned genders . church doctrine states that anybody who takes transgender identity to extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized . however, the three have managed to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders . around 30 Transgender Mormons meet every week in support group, and have started to get the attention of senior church members .
the unnamed caller said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves' 'they came up and asked to pet my dog, I let them, and that was it...I don't want to scare them,' he said . the caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind Rafi, 10, and his sister, 6, in silver spring, Maryland on sunday .
seven-year-old girl burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field . she was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on sunday . the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium .
westley capper, 37, is accused of driving blonde waitress, 30, to aqwa mist . he has already admitted driving her away from the upmarket resort of Puerto Banus . police believe 5ft 7in Agnese was forced into the Mercedes before she vanished . capper's father, multi-millionaire property developer, has never been publicly named . co-accused Craig Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions at court .
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths' comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of 'senseless' killings . three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack .
the 16-year-old girl took to twitter days after her mom, 35, was arrested for allegedly hosting a drunken party for her daughter and her friends . she also allegedly had sex with a 18-year old man in the bathroom during the party . the girl defended her actions, saying: 'yes my mom was arrested. yes she is an alcoholic. Yea I've f***ed up too. But nobody deserves this s***. So stop'
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies . she decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies . the idea for the app came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
the faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel sits on the banks of lake mohonk in the heart of the Hudson Valley . the hotel has a spa, a kids' club and 5,000 acres of grounds and trails for all ages .
video shows suicide bomber's car being catapulted 100ft into the air . jihadi attempting to launch attack on Kurdish peshmerga forces . but as car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb . car detonates like a firework either due to explosives on board or fuel tank igniting . what's left of car drops back down into massive cloud of smoke . latest in string of videos showing bungled attacks in
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told the 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him . he is accused of carrying out attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in south London . one woman told southwark crown court that she saw him as a father figure after he helped her join the army .
pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the town's police force . he was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in Atlanta, but took a pay cut and moved to quiet Orting . but before his probation year was out, he said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops .
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr, 64, died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia . his vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree . he was one of five musicians who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played on its first two albums .
police have seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled . he is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value . the family says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item by the world famous street artist .
at first glance, the president appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle . but upon closer inspection, it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot . the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman . image emerged amid claims he is lining up his 24-year-old daughter .
Sir Ranulph, 71, completed most gruelling stage of the desert race today . explorer was taken to medical tent because of concerns for his heart . had to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run . previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass .
mailman, 61, has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, florida . he is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer . the secret service has decided not to prosecute his wife, who claims she was not aware of the plan .
the 68-year-old has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 . he said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years . the museum is 'ready to embark on a new phase', says chairman .
leading financial broker, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the orange county-bound plane as it prepared to land . but instead of seeking medical help, the attendants allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off all other passengers before calling paramedics . a sheriff's report stated that Ilczyszyn's foot was wedged in the door . his wife, Kelly, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline .
the 39-year-old was 470 yards away from the pin when he hit a tree root . he slammed the club into a root, causing him to wince and grab his hand . it forced the joint out of place, but he shunned medical attention . after finishing his round he revealed his wrist bone popped out .
'non-dom' status allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money they bring into the country . but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway .
the social media site deemed the clip as containing 'potentially offensive nudity' the video shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for 8MMMM Aboriginal Radio . the show's co-creator called it 'silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us'
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012 . underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel . doctors told him the disease was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil . the father-of-one bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram . he says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January . now he credits the class-b drug with his recovery .
in 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18 . a health care worker reported to police suspicions that the mother of three had purposefully poisoned her daughter with extra doses of medicine . police and child welfare authorities launched an investigation, and after a year amounted enough evidence to arrest Kathy on child abuse charges . on the anniversary of the arrest, Jennifer spoke out for the first time, saying she believes her mother never abused her 
a nervous Lindsey Vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters . this as the 14-time major winner carded a three-under-par 69 . woods is 12 strokes behind leader, 21-year-old american star Jordan Spieth . if he wins he would tie the record for youngest winner in Masters history with Woods .
only the Japanese, south Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks . but we don’t feel as refreshed in the morning, according to results from users of the Sleep Cycle app .
the set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the spot where the couple had their first date . 'i am planning to propose to my girlfriend, and I was wondering if there is a way for you to help me do it,' he wrote .
the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the north and south . it is a hot spot for one of the world's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs . the beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, feature an 'overlapping' of military installations .
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry . Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed . she also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his
temperatures expected to reach 25C (77F) in the south east today, beating most of the Mediterranean . this will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but days will remain sunny until next week .
driver, named in Chinese media as 'mr Zhang', drove past injured woman . when he arrived at mother's house he found her lying by the side of road . sense of dread crept over him as he remembered the elderly woman lying . he called police but his mother, from anhui province, died on the way to hospital .
the first minister said she would regard an 'out' vote as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the country . she also revealed she intends to be in London on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team . miss Sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the Tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017 .
husband and wife Sandra, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies . 'i was in tears and was so angry. I did not think someone was capable of doing that,' says Sandra . the couple managed to piece their plans back together in time for their winter wedding though .
police have not revealed the identity of the man who was in the car with him . the man, who is not a relative, was put in the back of a police car . he could be able to shed light on what happened between the pair . eyewitness accounts said Scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground . officer who pulled his car over for having a broken tail light has been charged with murder .
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, who died in 1964 . he made the five and a half hour drive to the cemetery out in Wandoan in regional Queensland . but the council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes . the council apologised for the 'co-ordination error' and paid a $342 fee .
police say clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio . on November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days .
the royal was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra . he made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying 'redheads rule' revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones . the prince is in australia to report for official military duty .
Nicola Sturgeon's dress divided opinion on twitter during debate last night . viewers initially thought it was grey, but have since concluded it was green .
'[North] is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself,' the 34-year-old mother-of-one told Elle.com . 'she could not be more ultimately girly-girl,' she said .
Daniel Boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison for unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . at the time of his arrest last year, he was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs . he also took photos of her clothing and stole pictures from her electronic devices . the victim, who has not been named, came forward in may 2014 .
seven-year-old's death was culmination of 'repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of aunt . she was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics last July . court heard she had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of death . her aunt, who was an aspiring police officer in her teens, is currently on trial for her murder .
grey 'stealth' speed traps credited with 25 per cent spike in speeding fines . at least 112,000 motorists given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences . increase put down to introduction of 'smart motorways' which use cameras .
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in a car park in crawley, west sussex . she moved a wooden pallet out of the way and fell down an open gap . miss Faal now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg . only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped .
a Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, appears to be flying in many different scenes . the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability. the ability to fly . after receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations .
hassan munshi and Talha asmal, both 17, from dewsbury, west Yorkshire, flew to turkey . imam of mosque used by relatives said they could be followed by friends . farouk younis: 'we need to talk to their friends and show them barbaric things that are going on there [in Syria] which are totally against Islam'
father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family in 2001 . he stuffed their bodies in suitcases and dumped them in coastal bays . then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun, mexico . but he was captured by the FBI, arrested and charged with murder . now a film about his life, True Story, has been released and he has spoken out from behind bars .
president arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, . Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service . the congregation rose to their feet in applause, before urging them not to take selfies with the president . it acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk .
actress, 62, reveals she attempted suicide at age 43 . daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her . reveals her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression . she is best known for her role on spray'n'wipe .
the Icebergs Club pool was drained to create a monochrome catwalk . models paraded through the empty pool and along the break wall . the collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways .
abdirahman sheik mohamud, a naturalized american of Somali descent, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism . the 23-year-old left the us a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . he purchased a one-way ticket to Greece, but during a layover in Istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to Athens and instead made his way to Syria . after completing
a married Mormon elementary school teacher, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august . the relationship turned sexual in January, according to police . he allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, google hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith' some of the conversations were sexual in nature, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty
'i've been very clear that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch, and I think they should understand that we mean it,' he said . 'it's been a hard period,' the president said in a weekend interview with a new york times columnist .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australians have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than planned in the last year . men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services . on average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women . despite the mounting costs, over one third of households don't budget for technology or underestimate how much they will spend .
the so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth . it will launch from Blue . Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of . El Paso . testing and development of the rocket engine, called BE-3, has been completed, the last major milestone before the motor is attached to the new . shepard capsule for flight .
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 teenagers about their drinking habits . those who watched the most films featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol . 'in my view, we don't really get an accurate representation of what alcohol is like,' says lead author .
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in western australia has shut down streets in central Melbourne . 'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets, flanked by police . this comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster .
vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . he says his sister did not support him during his social experiment and specifically asked him not to do it . his change in appearance was 'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me,' he said .
the owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . the pet owner was granted to have two of his cats returned under the RSPCA's supervision . in the past year they have received more than 1000 similar reports .
sister of murdered schoolgirl speaks of family's agony as 20th anniversary approaches . 'we miss her so much but every memory of her is tainted - it is so painful and bleeds into everything we do,' she says . detectives are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice to her family .
police have discovered a body they believe to be Samantha Fleming, who was reported missing with her newborn daughter weeks ago . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on friday and will be returned to relatives . a woman who is believed to be the alleged kidnapper's sister arrived at the house to pick up items for the baby .
labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday . while he decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family, his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support . labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live television debates .
Jason Warnock, 29, has been named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho . but after saving the man, he said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . a photo of the moment he pulled the man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him .
the 18-year-old tabby cat was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north Wales . he was found on a doorstep in west Yorkshire five weeks later . the tabby has now been reunited with his owners after a facebook group posted a picture of him on the page .
the striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in Queensland, australia . it is thought that the shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator . fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding mates .
the political collection is made using layers of chocolate on top of chocolate . the face of each politician is emblazoned on milk Belgian chocolate bars .
'one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there,' said Clinton . she gave a candid interview to Elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the united states .
scientists found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
modern family star's ex says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father . 'i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction,' he said .
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, raped a three-year-old girl at his family home in california in june . he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out . the girl's mother called the police who found injuries consistent with rape and he was sentenced to 10 years behind bars . judge said anything longer would be 'cruel and unusual punishment'
broadcaster recently hosted coverage of the boat race . she has vowed to do less after presenting everything from rugby league coverage to crufts . 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay .
abase Hussen took daughter to extremist rally when she was just 13 . he admits teenager was 'maybe' influenced by rally organised by al-muhajiroun . last month he blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is .
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit . spiderfab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials into orbit - then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft .
the Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces in the manifesto . it included several photographs of the party's top team but it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid . the question provoked noisy barracking, including from a group of black . and Asian candidates attending the launch .
seven-year-old ran out of woods in front of inspector's van and started barking . when she opened her cab door, he bounded in and started licking her face . he was microchipped and traced to his owner, Kirsty Mitton, in wednesbury .
Priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in Las Vegas . the 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' the winning couple will get married at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the westgate hotel on Thursday, April 23 .
queen letizia, 42, teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels . her daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine . it is the first time that princesses Leonor, 9, and Sofia, 7, have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .
the $2million 12,000 sq ft mansion promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint .
myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls . the first 100 customers can snap up the dolls for the original 1959 price of $3.00 .
the final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney . design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the art gallery of new south wales .
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services .
employment rose above 31million in the three months to february, figures show . it is 557,000 higher than a year before, according to official figures . 'there are now two million more people in work than in 2010,' pm said .
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . if successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future . men with a PSADT greater than three months are at high risk of dying from prostate cancer .
senator Bob corker, 62, said congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' he said: 'we just set in place a process to ensure deal will stand the test of time' negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday . deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30 . but committee is due to meet April 14 to consider corker's legislation .
80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes . our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages . it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention .
Margaret and Gary Mazan's 14 Red Setters found in 'worst conditions ever seen' three of the fully grown dogs were found crammed in puppy cages . the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed . they had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet .
Kim Kardashian, husband Kanye West, daughter North and sister Khloe are in the capital Yerevan on an eight-day visit . the visit is their first to the country their late father, Robert Kardashian, fled for the us . while there, the Kardashian-West crew are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city .
armed robbers used pink brollies to confuse staff as they raided 13 shops . stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and £30,000 worth of cars in two-month spree . gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers .
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering her boyfriend, 33, in abingdon, oxfordshire . court heard she flew into a rage when boyfriend interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man . she told police officers who arrested her: 'my God, it's so ******g funny'
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. on Thursday . he discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son . but when Raymond failed to respond, he turned him over and saw blood on his face, and found no pulse .
new training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to London in 2013 . according to an ACLU statement, TSA agents grabbed Singleton's hair, which was styled in tightly-wound 'sisterlocks,' and
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills . police allege the pills were purchased from 19-year-old Matthew Forti . he has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year . the teenager collapsed on the dance floor and died from multiple organ failure .
number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 . percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070 . by 2050 in Europe, Muslims will make up one in ten of the overall population .
V. Stiviano, the alleged mistress of clippers owner Donald Sterling, has been awarded nearly all of the nearly $3million she had sought to be returned . her lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly Sterling were separated and that she couldn't seek them from a third party . 'everything that I have, you've given me from your heart without me begging or asking or throwing myself all over you,' she said .
five-year-old girl believes her three siblings died when they were eaten by crocodiles at a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west . her brothers, one, one and four, and twins, madit and anger, four, died after their mother crashed her 4WD into the lake . the children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says the children associate the giant reptiles with water . he says she is in a serious condition at the royal children
wallenda's nephew, Rick Wallenda, said his aunt died following a lengthy illness . 'she had a great life in entertainment, a very rewarding and rich life,' he said . her husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed .
Matthew Bird halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic . he said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month .
Marie Hunt of spring green, Wisconsin, dropped out of high school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school . the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley high school, 87 years after her classmates graduated .
brazilian man, Nelson Felippe, was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro . he took a photo, and expressed his disapproval on facebook . the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours .
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty python's Meaning of Life . Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian cox .
'i think he had me checked out,' says garlington in an interview with people . he says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out the star, having heard rumors the star was gay, but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star . this lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and they would sneak over to the star's house after work and leave first thing in the morning .
senior constable Neale McShane has spent ten years as one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states, but he says nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that he must execute every year .
death rates in the uk are set to rise by 20 per cent over the next 20 years . a 'simple' funeral with a minister and undertaker now costs £3, 590 . the price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation .
the 14-bedroom south tower penthouse is on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building . it includes a 7,000 square foot living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the Hudson River . if it sells for $75million, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side in history .
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the suburb . they read: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK' council says any religiously motivated stickers will be removed as a priority . 'if they do choose not to exercise their right to vote, that's their business'
the 41-year-old is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on his facebook page . he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp while at home . but he allegedly admitted to prosecutors that he posted the status on facebook . the man, known only by his initials, could face seven years in jail .
Nicole Mihai, 34, is being deported from new zealand after leaving her partner . she was told by the immigration agency that once her visa expires, she must return to Romania . however, the family court have ruled that her son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father .
new research has found that items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets . the budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming Europe's largest single-price discount retailer . success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons.
the lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals have multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed . they are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases .
@BritishMonarchy amassed 970,000 followers during its time online . more than double the 446,000 picked up by the prince of wales and his @ClarenceHouse account . the duchess of york is the next most followed royal with 82,400 followers .
the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing joins singer Foxes, 25, and model Alice Dellal, 27, in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett . the model, 29, says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of breast cancer .
council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to 'maintain morale' and encourage workers . staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat . £500 worth of balloons and christmas crackers were adorning the dance floor . council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in county down . another £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for staff .
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, south Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man who filmed their son's death . he said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to know exactly how their son had died . police officer michael slager fired eight shots at the 50-year-old on saturday .
a cancer-killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two cups of coffee a day was found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease . the drug kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells . study of 1,090 breast cancer patients by British and Swedish researchers at Lund University, Sweden .
apple's watch goes on sale officially on April 24 online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo . there was immediately brisk bidding on eBay for confirmed orders for watches, with hundreds of sellers looking to make a few hundred or even thousand dollars .
the funeral for tragic teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday . her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in canowindra national park . the parish priest officiating at the funeral is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone .
the queen was joined by her husband the Duke of Edinburgh at a reception in Trafalgar Square, central london . posed for a photograph with the Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while prince Philip sat for portrait with the royal Hamilton Light Infantry . the event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief .
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house as he moved his truck in the driveway . he did not see the 20-month-old toddler in front of his truck and ran over and killed her . this is the fourth time since august that a child has been accidentally run over in their own driveway by a family member in the state .
the complex of affordable housing, funded and designed by the star wars director, would provide homes to 224 low-income families . the project, submitted for planning on Wednesday, would span 52 acres and cost around $200m . it would be just a few meters from his own Skywalker Ranch .
driver's car veered into path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm, inquest hears . he was on his way home from speed awareness course in east yorkshire . his mother said: 'no mother should have to go through what i have'
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star . During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit . over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun .
the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron Miscavige's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations . the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear . former members of the church accused the church of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail .
'it's a combination of her love to dance and my interest in German history,' said Bruce Schwab . about 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene hall in new Braunfels .
ten-year-old golden retriever caught out by strong current on beach in leasowe, merseyside . with strength of tide, dog was quickly swept out to sea with owner launching rescue attempt . but as they were unable to save their pet, RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha who was cold and shivering . they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar .
belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped facelift would deal with her jowls . but bungling surgery left her with 'horrendous' scars around her ears . plastic surgeon consultant said: 'her scars are really very poor. they're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes' now appearing on tlc's extreme beauty disasters to warn of dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery .
listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off . they branded problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’ . show such as Dad’s Army and Hancock’s Half Hour have all fallen foul .
the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend . now entering its fourth year, Elderflower Fields builds upon the winning formula of a festival designed specifically for families with children . the diverse range of artists already confirmed for elderflower fields 2015 include Danny and the Champions of the World, Patch and the Giant, and Mr B The Gentleman Rhymer .
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers . on each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour . players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a . point . scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average .
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, south Carolina . he is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a 53-year-old female employee of the national watch and diamond exchange in downtown Philadelphia . the woman was driven to the roof of the garage, beaten and shot seven times with a Taser . she was taken to a cemetery where she was zip-tied and dumped from the van .
popular apps include MyFitnessPal and apple’s health app . but newer apps that monitor your heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit .
the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards . it comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda, eight, recovered after her costume accidentally caught fire .
the story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died . princess Victoria's story was written in her 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies with her governess, baroness Louise Lehzen . it bore the inscription: 'to my dear mamma, this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by
'feedee' Sarah Reign, 26, from new york, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers . after working shifts as a security guard at a factory, she disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam . says fans love to watch her enjoying food; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter .
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal, tourist town of Dubrovnik . her body was found in nearby Boninovo bay, where it was almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18 . it has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a butcher in bondi . she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend for dinner . the butcher vehemently denies he called her a 'f***ing c***' and said she was the one being rude on a day when he had been having issues with his customers . he has hit back saying she is 'lying' and trying to ruin
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, 'threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter' she 'played naked Twister with her friends before having sex with an 18-year old male in the bathroom' she later went to bed alone and awoke to find her daughter's 16 year-old boyfriend . she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Thursday, April 16 . the successful surgery was performed by cardiac surgery chief, Dr Richard Shemin . it cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer's heart . he is expected to make a full recovery .
amateur cyclist plans to cycle the entire tour de France on a Raleigh Chopper . the 36-year-old personal trainer hopes his stunt will inspire others to take up cycling . he attempted the L'Etape du Tour last year and finished in the top 20 per cent .
star of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, tweeted: 'Once again... #WalterScott' . rapper Big Boi simply posted an image of a black square with the words: #walterscott . musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts .
the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now . 70 percent of people are in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago . half believe the decline is a result of the demise of working class culture .
pensions office worker sent out letter asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661 . the bill is more than a thousand times the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product . it is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over .
Yervand Garginian, 60, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering . his daughter posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook, YouTube and Instagram . he dismissed the australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages .
conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele . poster will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion . the 26-year-old posed before industry heavyweight Ellen von Unwerth's lens for the poster .
64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they shop with friends . many blame the urge to 'show off' and 'buy things we wouldn't ordinary buy' nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would rather shop by themselves than with pals .
baroness Brady was appearing at a national grid training centre in newark . she was joined by the prime minister to announce 16,000 new apprenticeships . he has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years .
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished from the Church of Wells in Fayetteville, Arkansas, in July 2013 . she returned six days later to the 'religious cult' in wells, texas . the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking . her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe she was brainwashed . but she has now announced in a video that she is set to marry a church elder .
second-hand car dealer, from Buckinghamshire, sells one every week . customers love the model because they don't require need road tax or MOT . they are cheaper to maintain than a modern car, with each one selling for £10,000 . 58-year-old discovered passion for model when he got call from great uncle .
the map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway . in the region, marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill .
former Treasury adviser will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she will also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving .
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday . she shot dead her third husband while he was sleeping in their home in 2013 . in 1985, she killed her second husband and father of her three children, 46-year-old James batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her . both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun . after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it 
florist caused £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars . earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend . two days later she broke into her home in Ratby, leics, and broke in . she threw a vase of roses across the room and a flatscreen tv off the wall .
three of the controversial soldier's comrades claim that former chairman of the joint chiefs, admiral Mike Mullen, knew that he deserted his post in 2009 . the claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before national security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that Bergdahl served honorably . it also casts a huge shadow over the deal to swap five Taliban commanders for Bergdhal .
mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000 . after the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . a sheriff's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming 'drop it, drop it,' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5pm .
the image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform . it's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which she displayed a smirk . she later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation .
sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers . her classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy . to add to the romance, Bruno Mars' Just the way you are played in the background of the magic proposal .
'no expense spared' jaunt will see couple renew their wedding vows . they will stay at the circus circus hotel and will be whisked away in a chauffeur-driven limousine . the couple have only just got back together after a short split .
massive fight broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar opening at Resorts world casino . fisticuffs escalated with guests grabbing chairs and poles to bring to fray . running gangs of fighters can be seen storming through halls shouting profanities . three men arrested in aftermath of brawl, which injured four security guards .
a tunnel could be built under the world's tallest mountain by 2020 . china is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' the move shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence .
one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney . another recorded a house being swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle . three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the central Hunter region .
the inquiry began in 2009, stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016 . it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the election . but it has now been suggested the findings will not be published until 2016 amid claims it could be damning for labour .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol . this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered . it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions .
when Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago, it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed . but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail . last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers .
nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother . he was also beaten with metal rods and a water pipe, leaving scars over his body . photographs of the boy's horrific injuries were shared online . 50-year old woman has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse .
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype . guests from all over the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy . couples need facebook accounts and working webcams to log in . they can then set a virtual date and invite the friends they want as guests .
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia . from a very early age, he began rejecting his gender . his parents bought him a blue 'doggy sweater' that he wore for six months straight - often over girlier dresses and tutus . they assumed they were just raising a tomboy . shortly before he turned three, Jacob declared himself a boy .
couple took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to Spain . they were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from school . appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding £1,230 . boy's grandmother paid up to stop them taking property to cover amount owed . grandmother said: 'it's quite a sober warning to other parents'
sherry Arnold, 43, a popular maths teacher from the small town of Sidney, Montana, was on a morning jog on January 7 when she disappeared . she was pulled into a car by Spell and his friend, strangled to death, and then buried 50 miles away in north Dakota . in the days before Arnold's killing, Spell traveled to sidney from Colorado, using crack cocaine throughout their journey, according to authorities and the men's previous testimony . Spell pleade
huge lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes . it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break due to rancid smell . so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each .
former primary school teacher charged with dozens of sexual offences . the 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child . he has also taught at Bishop's Waltham Junior school and Cadland primary .
the 51-year-old called former first lady a 'revolutionary' woman . added that it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is' . 'her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities'
henri Morris, 67, drugged a female employee in order to take naked photos of her . the married software executive was caught in an FBI sting . he was sentenced to 10 years in prison without the possibility of parole .
Brian Nicol, 32, drowned in a pool at a luxury villa in the Costa del sol . his friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him . police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident but he had died . early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident . but they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head .
artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists . images see artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing with their beloved pets .
imam's son may have met his father's killer days before he was shot dead . he had been called to a job in the area where he died with his son . the man, who has not been identified, pretended to have lost his keys . arwani was a part-time builder and had links to the muslim brotherhood .
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering high school teacher Stephanie Scott . he moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago . his wife said he was a 'big strong fellow with dark, black eyes' who she and her husband would chat to over the fence . as he adjusted to life in Leeton, his identical twin brother settled in south australia .
Sq Ldr Joll was involved in a strafing attack on a german aircraft in 1940 . his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land . he had trekked miles along a beach and persuaded a ship to take him back to england . when his mother opened the front door she fainted, believing she must have seen a ghost .
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey . the poll puts the tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote, with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind .
six-year-old Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother . she suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . the heartbreaking accident happened while her mother was on the phone .
lorenzo Simon, 34, of Smethwick, killed his friend and dismembered his body . he then stuffed the body in a suitcase and threw it into a canal . police have now released video footage showing the pair dragging the cases . Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham crown court today . his girlfriend, Michelle Bird, was convicted of assisting an offender .
the poem was addressed to 'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you' 'On this Your Special Day...My little sister/ Stephanie Clare Scott/ Is now a wedded wife/ Believe it or not,' the poem begins . the 26-year-old was due to marry her long-time partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, on Saturday .
liberal democrat leader reveals balance of power lies with wife Miriam . he was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government home . but move was vetoed by his wife after controversies over country kitchen . they invited cameras into kitchen of £1.5m family home in south west london .
former dragons’ den star said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over . it comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record . the letter claimed that the 'conservative-led government has been good for business' and backed the cut in corporation tax to 20% .
a doctor's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats . a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column . three people were hospitalised with minor injuries and 20 students were left homeless . landlords Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each .
relatives of bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev refuse to accept that he was wrongfully convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the convicted bomber's aunt, Maret, and two other relatives said in an interview this week that they believed he had been wrongly convicted . the family is at war over whether to keep the defense team, including attorney Judy Clarke, who were attempting to prevent him being sentenced to the death penalty .
university said recent changes to exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit . documents presented to senior tutors say university is ‘being forced’ into changing its system of using AS-levels to assess applicants .
fleas in Flagstaff, arizona, have tested positive for the deadly disease . the disease is most commonly carried by flea and rodents . prairie dog deaths at picture canyon alerted authorities to possibility of outbreak . human cases have developed from close contact with cats who preyed on infected vermin .
prince will attend commemorations to mark centenary of gallipoli and anzac campaigns . the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on the same day . obstetrician Guy Thorpe-Beeston will be in charge of the birth .
a woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase through los angeles for almost an hour, officers said . the woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division twitter . Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph . one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the
teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body . he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene as he left a local shop . the 14-year-old, who lives with his uncle, has said he did not know who had attacked him but will be able to identify them if he sees them again .
three of the brand's most celebrated postergirls are the stars of their latest campaign . they don see-through macs, glossy blow-dries and push-up bras . each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella as a prop .
Kyle Knox, 23, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on march 31 . he was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel . people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains due to severe weather conditions .
baby was found face down in toilet bowl at Silcock's amusement arcade in southport . she was named baby April by staff at ormskirk hospital where she is being treated . police say they have traced the mother to an address in the area . baby was just hours old when she was discovered at 6.50pm yesterday .
ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online . her first pair sold for $70 . 'i always play a dominant role, and i tap into things like cuckolding, small penis humiliation, foot fetish, and even shaming,' she says .
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45 . he stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche . also took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands from her estate . but he now has no available assets and must pay back just back £1 .
suspect arrested after duffel bag containing human remains found on saturday . he has not been charged with homicide, but is under arrest for accessory . comes as more human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex . they are across road from where bag was found on pedestrian-only walkway . it was described as large item, similar to hockey bag, by witnesses .
former police inspector said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago . hackett jumped on a plane to his parent's home in the gold coast . the 34-year-old swimmer earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth .
a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty . fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail . but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters in 2012 clashes .
around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues . 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home . majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men .
travel site, WanderBat, has ranked the top 22 airlines around the world . Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 thanks to flight punctuality, its modern fleet and the minimal extra fees it charges . the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market .
the donor carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) it can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring . 10 of his children have already been diagnosed with the condition . a child born from a parent with the defective gene has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease .
Kevin Gill, 45, found the alligator outside his Naples, florida, home . he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators . but when deputies came across the baby gator, they told him it was illegal . it is a felony in Florida to keep a small gator without a license .
'Club' is a new name for the cruise line, which has two ships in its fleet, Journey and Quest, which each carry about 680 passengers . the smaller size of the ships means they can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels . guests can enjoy 'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours' for no extra charge .
'i will be wearing a suit, I will more than likely be showered,' he joked . he announced a competition to get tickets to his final show . it comes after he revealed he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news .
Raul Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care . he is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro . growing up on the US-Mexico border near Douglas, Arizona, Castro saw discrimination around him .
the 16-year-old's sister discovered the raunchy emails and told their mother, who then called police . when investigators came to interview the girl, she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly 50 years her senior .
a 34-year-old man is seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor . the man, from Formby in sefton, is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying . he then barges into the man and knocks him onto the floor into a road . man was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . police have questioned the man under caution and released him this morning .
family were travelling back to the us after a birthday trip to Disney world . they discovered their luggage was wet with vomit and complained to cabin crew . staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off . family say they were forced to sit in seats surrounded by vomit .
a 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher was on top of a barge in reading . alongside the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of convincing-looking man . police called an army bomb disposal team after a startled passer-by reported the weapon .
a new york city cop checking in on his elderly parents on friday was horrified to find them dead along with two other guests in their home . the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, were named as Jerry and Marrianne Hugel, who were married for 60 years . it appears the car was left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long, investigators said .
jade Walters, 21, loaned out her pet horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride . she was horrified to discover the family looking after him had sold him at auction . an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .
each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's 10 major categories . each room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories - erotic literature, economics, languages, maths and science, technology, philosophy, the arts and religion . the library hotel is just steps from the new york public library and grand central terminal .
the rare archive photo, and several other portraits, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties . in one ridiculous picture, he tilts his head and tries a mean and moody stare to camera, topped off by a military cap .
the casket of basketball player Lauren Hill has been moved into the arena where she made her first basket in a college game just five months ago . the 19-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer just after her 18th birthday . she was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team to raise $1.5million for cancer research .
the catwalk was part of the central china stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005 . the uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain is only one-metre wide .
'your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine; that's a fact,' Kristen said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping . the mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her daughters . she also shares her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career .
the 56-year-old performs a stand-up routine on the Tonight show on tuesday . she's been lambasted for her first-ever comedy routine . madonna has been rocked by everyone from cheryl to jennifer lawrence .
nine-month-old Kibulu the African lion cub was rejected by his mother at the NSW Zoo where he was born . zoo keepers decided it wasn't safe for him to stay so they called Donna from Zambi Wildlife Retreat . the retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney .
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours . she was too scared to return to school for two days and taunted by classmates . teenager told the court how she was 'crying and distressed' after being arrested she remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks . another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account .
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber . a labour rival, theo blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors . mayor, lazzaro pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off . angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden . comes a month after lib dem councillor was caught playing Scrabble .
the robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana when a giant sperm whale swam to inspect it . the whale circled several times and gave our cameras the chance to capture some incredible footage of this beautiful creature .
the actor will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause . last year, the united nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war .
007 should have died at least three times in his most recent movie, skyfall . one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' other top films would also have struggled to escape from their injuries .
the dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch, california . believed the pet, named Fireman, was burned by chemicals at a foster home . hundreds of people have already got in contact looking to take the pet in .
eight-month-old puppy was banned from getting close to the prime minister . aides ordered that the dog be kept well away from the tory leader . owner was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews .
the Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms . the agency said Allen and daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes . to make up the gap they paid investors with other investors' money rather than actual profits on the investments .
global sales of $14.97 billion . fell marginally from 2013 . 'frozen' soundtrack sold 10 million copies, while 'Happy' was the top single .
the 45-year-old has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle . it follows him as he learns how to herd sheep in buttermere in the lake district . the amusing but mind-numbing film has already been watched by 230,000 people .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami . the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society .
police have arrested 32-year-old in connection with disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55 . neighbours say he 'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police . he has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, spanish .
union calls for more research into how long working hours affect staff health . one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours . she said she was aware of one nurse who had worked 11 consecutive long day shifts .
Hiroshi Ueda invented the extender stick in the 1980s while working for minolta . he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . the 'extender stick' was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time .
the 24-year-old has designed a summer range full of pastels and florals . says she's designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends . admits she works out to keep her curves, but doesn't try and lose weight .
the pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year, but there can be very few places to go when nature calls . angry residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes . the signs are posted next to warnings that urge people not to litter .
supervoid may account for anomaly in cosmic microwave background radiation . astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' in 2004 - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation . theory was proposed by the institute for astronomy at the university of hawaii at manoa .
poll shows 49% of people plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25% backing Labour . the results have delighted Nicola Sturgeon who insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted' .
a member of the public snapped the man in a field in Benington, Lincolnshire . he casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants . toilet was only 18 metres away but he decided to use the field as a toilet . the farmer was sacked by thclements & son, which owns the field .
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in biggin hill, Kent . he got away with thefts for almost a year before his arrest in 2012 . his attempts to cover up his crime led to two colleagues being sacked . when he pleaded guilty in september, case against them was dropped .
lib dem leader said wealthy people would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year . well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up . local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax .
binman filmed lifting bags out of wheelie bins before tossing them down alley . frustrated residents thought he was dumping bags on their doorstep . council workers placed stickers on bags warning them they could face fines .
doctors sent letter to dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine . accused him of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . said he has 'misled and endangered' the public .
prince Abdul Malik wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah in an opulent ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan . the couple aren't the first to say I do at a ceremony costing millions . even stars like Kim Kardashian and Elizabeth Taylor continue to spend a fortune of everything from their wedding booze and location to
the study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . about 20 percent had babies more than 5 years apart . white women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years, 2 months on average . black and Hispanic women typically waited 212 years or longer .
labour rising star was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor . he had been back in the uk for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer . when he held court, a young woman called Justine Thornton became transfixed . she had been invited by the brilliant daughter of musical comedy duo .
manager Raymond Townsend was found liable for sexual harassment . his dispatcher, Geralyn Ganci, 32, refused to have sex with him for more than a year . he sent her texts saying he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me' .
scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space . it would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere . and it could even create lightning in the atmosphere, the researchers said .
a Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station . their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build . 'space mushroom' was designed by bill Kemp and Ted Maziejka from the company, based in washington, dc . the final design would be 
the Chancellor was given a tour of the numatic factory in Chard, Somerset . onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities . he was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with hoovers .
casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their home at random . the culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed the defenceless baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery . 'my son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice. that's it,
crack cocaine users visit open-air bazaars in the slums of Rio de Janeiro to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night . some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions . one of those willing to open up and share her story was 17-year-old Ketellin Silva who posed for a portrait in crackland .
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the girls . they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges . the girls, then seven and 12, were abducted from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand in rural oswegatchie, near the canada border .
sheila secker, 78, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for some time . when she collapsed, she could not contact her family and died in hospital . her son said she had owned the phone for 14 years and topped up credit .
the goggles were given to him by a prisoner to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat . the pair shared good wine and smoked ‘excellent cigars’, according to Gambier-Parry's granddaughter .
83-year-old grandfather thought there were no surviving photographs of his mother, ora mae, who died in 1943 . but his enterprising granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative in florida . she described her 'Pawpaw' as 'the greatest, most humble, God-fearing, family-oriented, loving man in the entire world'
rep. darrell Issa asked then secretary of state about use of private email . but he was ignored until more than a month after she had stepped down . the letter, obtained by the new york times, casts a further shadow over her .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland 'as soon as possible' but labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in the country's finances . the first minister was booed for refusing to rule out a snap second referendum after the election .
memo for members of congress says 'the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda' warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament .
a lawsuit filed by a grandmother from south carolina claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools . the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries . this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than a month, with similar claims filed in California .
sheriff said the former football star knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen . 'he would make every effort to get extra sandwiches,' said sheriff . Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee .
a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between Nicola sturgeon and the french ambassador . the sNP leader denies that she hoped to see pm david cameron win the election . she told supporters at a rally in Glasgow that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation .
Georgina Chapman, 39, shared an image of a bouquet of flowers he bought her on her birthday . 'thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo . comes just four days after her husband learned he will not face criminal charges after italian model ambra Battilana, 22, told police he groped her .
'i'm so happy,' Nyia Parler, 41, commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday . just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there . 'nyia call me asap,' and 'how the hell you happy?!? call me!', frantically replied relatives contacted by the boy's school 
the 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff . a probe also exposed abuse by paedophile DJ Savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . blackburn professed his deep shock at the headlines, explaining that most of his colleagues in the industry were 'just working hard' and 'having a good time'
connie Phillips of los angeles died in the summer of 2012 from breast cancer . her daughter, Amber Phillips, expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide . 'the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work'
queen's hospital, Burton, ran out of space to store bodies in mortuary . spokesman claims use of a lorry is 'normal practice across the country' families were not told about the arrangement over the Easter weekend .
amie cox, 33, of Victoria, made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son Alex, 5, over her older son William, 7 . she said she has been attacked on the SBS insight website, but that she is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally . the revelations came to light during the taping of an SBS programme about sibling rivalry .
father-of-two said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of a manhole . the 36-year-old had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began to billowing from the manhole in the busy street in the west Midlands .
family flew to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour . doctors say he should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks of his original surgery to remove the tumour in Southampton last July . but consultant says there is an 'international consensus' of medical opinion that his form of brain cancer is incurable . he said: 'every month that goes by that he's not getting chemotherapy, his outcome worsens'
jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mountain before sunrise . he greeted pilots at the summit and told them climb was like 'nuclear weapons' .
almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years . most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013 .
the Chancellor was booed at the paralympic games in front of his two children, now aged 13 and 11 . he was credited with helping turn the country's economy around . his nervy demeanour and pale complexion reflected the sickly economy .
married couple claim neighbours 'horrified' them over petty dispute . they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole, Dorset . 67-year-old accused the Coplestons of putting the gate up on his land . when they challenged him they installed CCTV cameras to catch him . but on friday a three-year restraining order was imposed on the official .
the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in florida . soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to space station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
leslie cooper, 36, will appear at the old Bailey later this week . he was remanded in custody by a judge at camberwell Magistrates' court . second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
lupus sufferer Harley Jo Skorpenske discovered a note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, ohio . the note read: 'when you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. you were not raised as you should have been' her mother, corinna, took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition .
leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and is now a holiday camp performer . her debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You, failed to make the top 50 in the music charts . mentor Ricky Wilson is confident she will be just what the BBC needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .
bishops in the u.s. have slammed the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period in which it's set' a review for the Catholic News Service in America said that the show encourages the audience to 'root for the self-made commoner' Thomas Cromwell . 'the future saint is barely recognisable: sleazy,
young parents were abused by a middle-aged woman on a train in sydney . a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the racially-charged incident . their mosque in Holland Park has offered them an all-expenses-paid trip to the gold coast to see their mosque . the couple are raising a newborn son, mohammad, in the country which they are grateful to call home .
a security guard who shot dead a masked gunman, only to find out seconds later the man was his friend, says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago . he recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland . during the attempted armed robbery, he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the bandit .
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight . bungled break-in took place at Clayton hall business and language college in Stoke-on-Trent in may 2010 . police officer wrote an email of support to the council stating that he had made the family aware 'this incident was the fault of Thomas and his friends messing around'
angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes . now a physiotherapist and osteopath, her story is a cautionary tale for those of us who blithely slip our feet into shoes several inches high .
Jessica Kemp says teachers at Seminole county elementary threatened to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction to youngsters around him . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused . she says she received a letter from the local school board stating the oils had created a 'problem' for staff .
unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after Freddie gray on April 12 . he claims he heard the 25-year-old 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' the statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of gray's DNA . officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow .
the spacecraft has taken its first colour image of the dwarf planet and its largest moon Charon . taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail . but it is a sign of things to come - and will continue to improve as it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto .
a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed Andrew Sadek is missing from their family farm near the tiny town of Rogers . how his body ended up in the red river has not been explained and no gun was found . his mother believes he signed his death warrant when he began working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, men at 27 years and three months . a third of adults met their closest friends while at school . social networks such as facebook and twitter play a major role .
the wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead, clearly visibly in previous pictures, have disappeared . his skin looks smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever . a black and white picture taken in 1991 shows him looking gaunt, and black bags under his eyes are clearly visible .
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in darling harbour on saturday . a man was fished out of the water but lost his footing and fell backwards . the man was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure . emergency services regularly called to the popular tourist destination .
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief . he is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' an Iranian news agency considered to be close to the ultra conservative hard-liners claims that he obtained economic and industrial information from the country and then sold it to unnamed Americans .
property in smugglers cove, near portreath, has summer and winter cottages . the property has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms . it has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea . interest in the series is giving local tourism and housing market a boost .
french model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years . the public judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 . she is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm . both images are judged independently by people on the street .
parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . they are selling their house in hastings for £185,000 to help pay for his prep school fees . 'we believe any child will benefit more from what a private education has to offer,' said mother .
the infamous Chilkoot Trail was used by thousands of men during the Klondike gold rush . the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but they staggered into a makeshift city of tents, hotels and saloons at the head of a deep green fjord .
the party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos . photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on . Sunday . turkey told the Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in him . it said his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
the male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea . after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, police arrived at the scene . but the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging cops' attempts to catch it . it was captured more than an hour later when emergency services unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a dart laced with
traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow found on teeth of 50,000-year-old neanderthals found in san francisco . anthropologists say they may have used them to make food more palatable . animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by the ancients are 90% free of gnaw marks .
a woman who boarded the driver's bus in queens recorded him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . she was 'shocked' that the behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus . the papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures .
a 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said . the victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy . investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the macomb county prosecutor's office for review .
the 37-year-old model gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago . the mother-of-three sported a tiny string bikini as she posed on the beach with her son, two, for a sweet snap .
the eight-page handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' it also mentioned Sharia Law, jihad, and had a section entitled; 'If taken hostage by radical Islamists, what to do' authorities haven't released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces .
90 per cent of bets on the sex have been in favour of a female child . a Scottish punter placed a £2,000 bet on a new princess with ladbrokes . the 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular choices .
high school teacher Stephanie Scott was murdered on Easter Sunday . a memorial service will be held at the venue where she was set to wed . the 26-year-old was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley . her life will be celebrated at 1pm this Wednesday .
pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . in a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a 'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in west london . officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog . he admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at court today .
artist Plastic Jesus erected seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week . he says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago, when traffic came to a complete halt because of a Kardashian shopping on the street . after the incident, he thought up an idea to draw attention to the obsession with reality tv stars .
scythe expert Chris Riley says his own physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop . says he would have kept his shirt on to protect him from the sun . but he says the macho grunts and 'excessive sweating and grunting' prompted a scathing critique from the mowing community .
the package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey .
former arsenal and england defender is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote . the campaign, run by operation black vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20 .
the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on Instagram . with 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos . it is followed by the world heritage listed Sydney opera house with 134,641 . others include the Twelve Apostles along the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Uluru which is also known as Ayers Rock in the northern territory .
the 53-year-old is accused of nine offences against three girls and three women . one alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio studios . two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him . he denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .
thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row . the army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post . top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying . some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives .
the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – has been nicknamed the plango . it has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture . the fruit, native to china, was discovered growing by Frank Meyer .
Xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats . he even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . but there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping .
Ben Parsons, 34, paused in middle of the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon . he proposed to girlfriend and mother of his two children, Anna Jefferson, 36 . she feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down . but he got down on one knee and popped the question and she said yes .
people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the country . best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth . incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria .
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards . symbol is described in biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast' but with a series of upside-down 9s, he has fashioned himself an entirely unique engraving . it comes amid his ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face death penalty .
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer, and has taken a job as an Uber driver . this so he can earn enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house . the company has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for him for every rider who enters UberPartnerKen into their app
muhammed Tahir, 53, targeted a woman in her 20s and rubbed his crotch and pot belly on her bottom . he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . she tried to lean as far away as possible to escape his advances . but he moved even closer and began rubbing on her thigh . the dry cleaner was banned from using the tube during rush hour .
the humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds at an electronics event in Hongkong this week . the head is made using specialised software and can recognise and respond to facial expressions in a natural way .
in the HBO documentary Thought Crimes which premiered on Thursday at Tribeca Film Festival, Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online . the film will also be shown on HBO in may .
four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage . the purchase comes after ms Forbes, 49, made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat, in . Chelsea .
mother-of-two accused of causing criminal damage by pruning tree . she was locked in a police cell for six hours and put on bail for seven months . magistrates took just 15 minutes to find 53-year-old not guilty . council officials had told her she could trim tree but refused to show her how much .
Craig Roberts, 36, walked into his town's post office to top up his electric meter . staff shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog . but the employee allegedly insisted he should be left outside if he wanted to be served . he said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' and 'unacceptable' .
vandals daubed paint on statue of colonialist Cecil John Rhodes in port Elizabeth and Durban . statues of queen victoria and king george v splashed with paint in the cities . war memorials were also defaced and a bronze rider was toppled from his horse . in the latest demonstration, vandalised a young mohandas Gandhi statue .
millie marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom . the black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds and encourages users to 'add your own touches'
violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week . her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her . he raised the alert on saturday after he went to her house when she failed to respond on the phone . police immediately started looking for the widow, who lived alone . they mobilised 70 officers, a helicopter and divers, and searching hospitals . suspect has now been arrested and charged with two counts of murder
a new pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap . female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . less than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes .
the worms were discovered on the surface of the snow near Bergen . there have been multiple reports of worm rainfall in the south of the country .
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home . police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim . he was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing
prime minister pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service . this is the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in accounts . the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would ‘cut the NHS to the bone’ .
Freddie gray, 25, died after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept 'secret' until today . six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened . mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'whatever happened happened happened in the back of the van'
rectangular island of Por-Bajin is located in a lake in deepest Siberia . it is located about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border . experts say it was built during the period of the Uighur Khaganate (744-840 AD)
66-year-old built the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons . hid behind hay bales for four years and lived there with his family from 2002 . but local authority refused retrospective planning permission for home . after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the home must be pulled down within 90 days .
the writer, producer and actor was seen out with her daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond in new york city on friday morning . this is the first time she has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt . he took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of himself on his show unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt .
the heartwarming scenes were captured by photographer denis budkov, 35, during a trip to lake Kamchatka, in Russia . he sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake,- became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs .
the actress called police after spotting a man heading for the attic in her home last summer . 911 call is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua corbett, who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home . 'i'm in my closet. I have a safe door,' bullock, breathing heavily, is heard telling the dispatcher . police officer testified that corbett was clutching a notebook with a two-page letter to bullock and magazine photos
a new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want her out of next government . 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country . polls in Scotland put the snp on course to take dozens of seats from labour .
Mohammed dahbi ordered actress Kassie Thornton and her partner Christy Spitzer to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' when they refused to pay the fare and walked away, he called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' he also ordered them to attend anti-discrimination training and pay a $5,000 civil penalty to the city .
'beautiful young vampires' are said to be driving a new generation of demonic 'possessions' . notable tv shows including True Blood and the Twilight film series are encouraging the surge . exorcism expert made revelation when speaking to a Vatican-backed course in Rome .
a raw, punk style took to the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia . models wore stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses . a record for the 22-year-old designer to show at the event .
the two brothers are reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship . the affair was first revealed in 2011 when his wife admitted an eight-year affair with the former winger .
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on staten island . left his other leg hanging by thread and onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet . married father-of-two was taken to a hospital and is expected to live .
sNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead . she refused to rule out a second vote on breaking up the union . lib dem leader warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question'
the handwritten notes of former Iraqi army colonel Samir al-Khlifawi explain in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area . 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies and establishing a 'Stasi-like' caliphate . the documents were found in Haji Bakr's former home in Tal Rifaat, north of Ale
deputy sheriff flagged down while on patrol near deland in florida . he found 34-year-old Justin Braddock slumped in front seat without a pulse . after seven minutes of CPR he revived him and took him to hospital . but he fled after officers told him they would use a taser gun .
the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent . bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private with punters placing a flood of cash on the tories . one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on who will win the most seats .
splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first US spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft . but the gemini 4 mission of June 1965 proved successful, and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . the 13-page checklist is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000)
the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of leaking a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website in 2013 . he announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . in february this year, she was approved for hormone therapy for gender reassignment while serving out her 35 year prison sentence . she has given her first in-depth interview since announcing her plans to transition into a female 
Andrei Lunev stepped on a tripwire while reporting on fighting in east Ukraine . he suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital . incident took place in wake of exchanges of fire overnight and early hours . fighting between rebels and government forces has claimed more than 6,000 lives .
larung gar Buddhist academy is the world's largest Buddhist settlement . the sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft . nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, and separated by age and sex .
methyl bromide caused a family to become seriously ill at a u.s. virgin islands resort . the highly toxic pesticide was used at the resort several times in the past year . it was banned for indoor residential use in 1984 . 'Methyl bromid is a potent neurotoxin, so it really affects your central nervous system,' EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said .
the 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of space for supercar and jetski storage . it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe . the superyacht costs approximately 40million euros (around £29million/$43million) to build, which means it is likely to cost even more to purchase .
two women knocked out in mass brawl at southport holiday park, merseyside . teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other . holidaymakers said fight started in main hall before spilling out to outside . one man from liverpool said: 'it was revolting. all hell broke loose'
Mary Day fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance . the 60-year-old used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa . her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for savings while claiming benefits . she went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014 . but she failed to tell authorities following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers .
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet . the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, was foiled after a neighbour heard the spaniel cross called Coco 'screaming' he was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to complete 200 hours unpaid work .
labour leader has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings . the party has also taken a four point lead over the tories with 28 days until polling day . revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over his personal character .
a new survey by social networking site Skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex . 32% of lovers of the snack have sexed at least six times a month . 81% of those who love the snack say they have donated time, money or food .
australian comedian called radio broadcaster a 'w**ker' on national television . derryn Hinch said he drank because he likes the taste of wine . but he refused to apologise, saying: 'that's because you're a**k' .
shadow business secretary said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' remarks highlighted divisions in labour's top ranks over the 50p rate . the rate applied to income over £150,000 and will be reintroduced if reelected .
the Harewood Arms in wakefield, west Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party . landlord Matt Eason said: 'we believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support' it has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite love it or hate it' reaction .
Lorraine Valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light . a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell . her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain .
Nick Cousins, 57, and his partner Grace Garcia, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child . they were also being questioned over claims that Filipino wife had overstayed her visa . police sources say she locked herself in bathroom before falling to her death .
experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people . over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 . they were worse at these skills than colleagues in 30s and 40s .
Jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . the 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . on his fourth day on the run he boasted: 'we don't talk to police!' .
three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande . from McAllen, Texas . two state police . were injured . federal police and marines captured 'El . Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel, earlier in the day .
Kelly Watson, 41, started struggling with her words and co-ordination three years ago . it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday last year . she relies on her mother Moira to wash her hair and shave her legs . now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, Holly .
pompous Albert is a grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown . he's a breed of Selkirk Rex, known for their wild, curly hair . his owners, Mike and Susan Singleton, have penned his bio .
Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection in texas on tuesday night . he was convicted in 2004 of killing a police officer and another man in 2002 . in his final statement, he said: 'i would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble that I have caused them' .
the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago . the bear, nicknamed mishutka, will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter .
diamond fraudster jetted around the world buying designer shoes and bags . she convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2,000 per cent . the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made . part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds .
a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the car in a dramatic police chase over the weekend . the vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the gold coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts . police can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth later this week . nursery and one at Kensington palace have been given a Beatrix Potter theme . nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge .
Reagan went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s . asked the Soviet leader for support in the event of an alien invasion . repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students in 1985 . his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them .
the 32-year-old is a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' who has long-been a fan of the brand's designs . she regularly posts images of herself wearing the clothing on the company's open fashion forum .
'with the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote on her facebook page on sunday . 'that is not the same as being the President, that should be left to a man, a good, strong, honorable man,' Rios said . she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks there's an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president .
a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to burn off . a female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes, whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes . two hot cross buns takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking with women needing to paddle for half an hour longer than men .
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m deal in the belief it was half her husband's fortune . but his firm AppSense was later valued at £460m and his stake £132m . he lied to the court about the value of his share but refused to overturn it . the case will now be heard at the supreme court in the uk next month .
the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the bavarian town of Kreuth . dressed in elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat, she looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament .
delivery driver questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures . his wife had been given a £110 ticket for stopping behind a police car and van . a week later he went back to collect evidence of police cars parked at stop .
letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their rape trial and their married life in an interview that will air on '20/20' on friday . the couple's two daughters, Audrey and Georgia, who are now both teenagers, will join their parents for the interview . she shot to infamy after starting a relationship when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child at 13 . after she
a 1980 photograph showing Geraldine Schultz, 67, was found 35 miles away . it was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory in Harvard, illinois . the tornado obliterated her home in fairdale, and killed her husband . her husband, 84, survived by going upstairs to fetch a lantern .
Audrey Pekin, 19, claims she was raped twice on christmas eve in Bali . she was attacked by a man, Henry alafu, who lured her back to his home . he then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee the scene . the pair had been drinking together at the Bounty bar in Kuta . they then moved to the nearby sky garden to continue the night .
two students have now filed lawsuits against the Davis County school district in Utah accusing officials of failing to fire 'flirtatious' teacher Brianne Altice . the 35-year-old was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor . in mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the district . she is accused of flirting with the student, then
fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the french region of Poitou-Charentes . similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .
theatre director Glen Walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with council . the 75-year-old has spent two years fighting over whether the house should be used to recover the cost of her mother's care . council won the right to force miss Walford to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees .
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall . he then stamped on her head and chest at Lincoln county court after a judge ruled against him in a civil matter . the defendant chased the woman round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper .
homes such as these in china are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove . one house in wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move . another image shows cars driving around the five-storey property .
mother-of-one, 39, was cured of her snake phobia by therapists on this morning . before today, she could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking . she was hooked up to a heart monitor throughout and broke down in tears . by the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap .
the tool works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed . it appears to only work when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome . the same Google account must be signed into on the phone . tool can't lock the phone, or erase its data .
the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress said she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set during the furious 7 premiere in los angeles on friday . the actress was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on iReport .
forensic psychiatrist testifies that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows his brain was deteriorating because of ALS . the defendant claims he blacked out during the killings and that he was unable to conform his conduct to the law . on day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial, the defense kicked things off detailing Steele's condition and how science will prove him not responsible .
monk was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 . now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible . records show his parents died when he was 15-years-old .
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know . only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives . findings may come as shock to party leaders who have given wives campaign roles .
the ring was snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7 . it has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009, Love Jenny’ . the facebook message has already been shared 23 thousand times .
Jamie Pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones . he sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family . the 26-year-old flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f*king face off' he is the son of Trevor pettingill, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in 1988
'when I was little I got hurt and I wasn't going to walk at all,' she wrote in an open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case . 'now I have a home that is nice and I have three nice meals a day,' Marie wrote . she was eight-months-old when she was admitted to the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic 
source said he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition in march . at first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through . however, his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader . he is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the terrorist group .
Christopher Flowers, 84, accidentally set himself on fire with lit cigarette on march 9 . several layers of his clothing burst into flames, engulfing his entire torso . three Good Samaritans pulled over and tried to extinguish the blaze . at first, they used their hands, then hurled him into a snow bank . he was listed in guarded condition, but on Sunday, hospital officials said he had died . last month, Flowers'
Jack Mascitelli took up the unsavoury dare at 8.45am during schoolies week . the prank backfired when he accidentally ran 'screaming and yelling' past police . he was found hiding in a nearby kebab shop and fined $500 .
female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . the robot will be set up at the mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on Monday and Tuesday .
corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' he believed the victim, 53-year-old Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, pebbles . he was strapped to a chair and tortured for three days in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in mayfair, in the city's northeast . his girlfriend, Sandra Ng, 19, was sentenced to 23 months in state
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views offered at every turn .
Ranette Afonso, 42, fell head over wheels in love with marko Conte, 30 . she was waiting for her husband to return when he crashed into her car . they exchanged insurance and contact details and began texting regularly . ranette, from north London, has a 21-year-old son and daughter with the husband .
Kyle Seitz, 37, left his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, in a hot car on the morning of July 7, 2014 . he forgot to take him to day care and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . it wasn't until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day that he realized his son was dead in the back seat . Seitz received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing
the presidential motorcade was on its way to hospital in Louisville, Kentucky, on tuesday en route to a technology plant . the couple were stuck in traffic a few cars back when they realized they weren't going to make it . a nurse who was also stuck in the gridlock was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley .
Jesus Salas Aguayo, also known as 'El Chuyn', was arrested on friday . he is charged with multiple felonies including distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking . authorities link over twenty deaths directly to 'the Liquidator', including the 2009 murder of a state witness in texas .
organisers have asked celebrities to stop taking 'ridiculous and grotesque' selfies . director Thierry Fremaux admitted he could not ban the pictures altogether . but he urged movie starts to resist the temptation to take pictures . he said: 'you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie'
Koral Reef's family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in may 2013 . the 20-year-old from Temecula, california would die just over a year later from a brain-eating amoeba infection .
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at hands of violent pupils . union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched . last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit others' throats .
a new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on the science channel at 10pm on Monday, April 13 . the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage . each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival .
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of deep knowledge ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of 'supercenternarians' he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the 'real absolute limit to human lifespan'
warm air blowing up from the Azores is creating conditions we might normally experience in July or August . the record for the hottest day ever in britain was set more than a decade ago in august 2003 . bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands in bets on this year breaking records .
an international arrest warrant has been issued for a doctor who left the country . he is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence, along with fellow anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish, 67 . maidstone and tunbridge wells NHS trust is also accused of corporate mansle . it is the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since 2008 .
the federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a telemovie which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering australia by boat . the drama will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers . producing the show will be Sydney company put it out there pictures . this comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats .
the cyclist yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror . the cyclist sustained a punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle . driver, 38-year-old Emerson Decarvalho, stayed at the scene of the crash .
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer . she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue airport on Kauai when an airline representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . when the airline employee approached her a second time, she indicated that she might require a little extra time to
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months . he has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments . his parents Craig, 28, and jemma, 21, decided to get married at hospital . they had been engaged for three years but planned to tie the knot . but they were put on hold due to the birth of their daughters .
devoted wife, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband of six years . he explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud . pictures of him doing ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on facebook . now, she has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering he was leading a double life .
taxpayer money is being used to fund an 'army' of spin doctors . more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk . London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working . nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each .
Maria Twomey, 42, from watford, slimmed to 8st 7lb and won second place in the Miami Pro modelling comp at the age of 41 . the mother-of-four swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike .
fraudster spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . his ex-wife Laurel howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505 .
the figure was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust . it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request . also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year .
arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in 2009 . the victim, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case . three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved and detectives then arrested and charged him with sexual assault . today police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed the rapist to live just streets away from the girl 
the video was taken during a routine skydive in everöd, sweden . the diver's helmet camera becomes detached and whizzes to the ground . it takes one minute and a half before crashing into a field .
Karen catherall, 45, was brutally beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys . she met the 47-year-old on dating site Plenty of Fish weeks before her death . he called paramedics the following morning and claimed she was sleeping . but call handlers said they could not hear anything and did not alert police . mother-of-two's family have slammed BT for not taking action at the time .
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day . for most of her adult life, she suffered life-threatening asthma attacks . doctors warned she would die if she didn't slim down - and fast . determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years, she called off their engagement to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan . she lost 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can walk down the aisle with pride
jamelia said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing her views on the show . mother-of-two, 34, now insists she was only referring to people larger than 20 . 'of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' she said . jamelia's co-panellists were quick to leap to her defence .
experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger . but more often than not it's salty crisps, sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate . if we knew what triggers were, would we stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Lianna Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charging a fee for her 'services' one of the men wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 . she lived with her partner and two children until her arrest in february, however was legally married to at least four people at the time .
20 stone flakes and anvils were found buried in sediment near lake Turkana in Kenya . tools were created hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first 'man' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as Homo . if correct, the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously .
'doing time's the easy part, you know what I'm saying?' he said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida . he is accused of walking into Wayne county community college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor, 44-year-old Ronald Lane . on tuesday, officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach . in an obscenity-laced
the 22-year-old flying fox bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease . he spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks . all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also begun drinking the beverage .
the photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the finer details of a butterfly's wing pattern . butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers . each scale is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring, but blues, greens, reds and 
deputy leader said grandparents would be allowed to take four unpaid weeks off . policy would be unveiled in labour's women's manifesto to be launched today . more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave .
23-year-old mother-of-two has two children by two different fathers . handed both infants over to her mother, 52, when they were four months old . now she is threatening to ban Gemma from her home and from seeing the children at all, after discovering her daughter's penchant for legal high, MKat .
a trickle of royal fans have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing . they include well-known royal enthusiast Margaret Tyler, 71 . the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on 25th april .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva . alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache . the child's condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival . headteacher has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder .
'i think it has really affected her, it's really hard to lead a normal life after that,' says trial by jury author, Douglas Preston . 'anyone who has been through what she's been through is going to have issues. if it doesn't affect you physically, it affects you emotionally,' he says .
Alexander Pacteau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat ends of justice . he made no plea and was remanded in custody by sheriff Charles McFarlane QC . miss Buckley's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in the city .
acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention . flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease . charcoal, freekah, spiralizing and bone broth have emerged as fads .
labour leader met his future wife at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend . she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' but he didn't tell her he'd been in a relationship . the 44-year-old was campaigning in her husband's constituency in doncaster .
eyewitnesses at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, say Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot grill used to prepare food in front of customers . she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm . her doctor's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body .
internet star, 25, has amassed a huge teen following on social media . vloggers are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food . some of these are for harmless products such as hair dye . others are for Haribo, Coca-Cola and an online gambling site .
the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather died less than 24 hours after being diagnosed with leukemia . for the past eight years, he had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school's head basketball coach . but those who knew him, including his colleagues and players, say there was much more to him than his love of sports .
the 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60 . according to an indictment unsealed this month, Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the u.s. on visas - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to florida to live in
group reportedly boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' when country goes to polls . wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution . mend's chief executive said to be in talks with both tories and labour .
a five-year-old girl slipped through metal bars after returning from a zoo . her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house in Xiangtan, south china . neighbours rushed to help after spotting the little girl hanging in the air . some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating . firemen eventually arrived half an hour later and praised her efforts .
siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate . pair were last seen on television kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away . reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman . but alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims .
the supermodel underwent a 'medical procedure' for 'constant headaches' she was seen partying at the Coachella festival in california on sunday . she is currently being monitored at UCLA hospital in westwood .
the fun-loving broker lives in one of the most exclusive postcodes in the capital . he has enjoyed the best hotels around the world, but also enjoys a stay at Travelodge . the singer recently released his album, geography, last year .
the daily mirror published the images 21 hours before they were released . the tabloid claims it handed them to police, who were 'delighted' . but detectives insist they had the footage 'at the earliest opportunity'
agency started off with just five models and now has 40 . 'i would like to see at least five or 10 of our girls go through to next year's fashion week,' says agency founder .
the debts, which were due last may, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest . the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate the company behind her bikini body challenge program . she and her husband have reportedly sold their shares in the company to a second company they are members and shareholders of .
pennie Davis, 47, was stabbed 13 times as she tended her horses last year . she had threatened to accuse her ex-lover's son of being a paedophile . he hired a homeless petty crook, Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her . but he left his car keys beside her body and was picked up by a friend .
the castle at Zhangjiakou, in china's northern hebei province, was built in 1393 . it was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall that struck fear into opposing armies . restoration work will see building work completed in the original style of architecture .
the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles . the $10 (£6.80) raffle tickets were up for grabs via $10 raffle tickets . it raised £1,388,863 for children's hospice Julia's House in the uk .
two three-month-old western lowland gorillas have been pictured for the first time at the zoo since they were born less than 48 hours apart in January . the babies were born to layla and kumi, both 16 years old, and share a father, 32-year-old Ernie . despite being born back in January, keepers have yet to learn either of the babies' genders, and so neither of them have been named .
video shot by adoring dad, barles Charkley, who is based in Baltimore, Maryland . it stars his toddler daughter, Viktoria, as she comes to terms with tragedy . she is seated hunched up on sofa gazing at screen, and as mournful music rolls in - a score composed by Hollywood heavyweight Hans Zimmer - her bottom lip trembles . little girl then appears to brush away a tear as emotional scene progresses, before gathering her blanket up
star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016 . the film follows a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope'
Chris and Catherine Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle in Argeles-sur-Mer with their children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna . they threw themselves at the mercy of campsite life, simply taking the path of least resistance . the children spent plenty of time in the pool, playing with the many new friends they made .
wine experts at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with snacks . they found that different wines match different pizza toppings . Pinot grigio goes great with nachos and Shiraz with salt and vinegar crisp . sausage rolls are paired perfectly with a spicy Shiraz due to its 'buttery' flavour .
the collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian . the 57-year-old woman's SUV was pushed nearly a quarter-mile . no one else was in the vehicle .
a 27-year-old man was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years . he opened a freedom saving account with his bank in 2010 . to avoid being caught, he moved the funds to his PayPal and National Australia Bank accounts . while he was spending up big, Moore was also receiving Centrelink payments between March and July in 2010 and receiving centrelink payments . police raided his home in 2012 and found hundreds of thousands of dollars .
the 25-year-old was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea . he was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm . it comes after Danniella, 41, accused her younger ex-boyfriend of violence . the pair split in November last year after spending months together in california while westbrook tried to rid herself of drugs .
Google is said to be in talks with owner of the three network, Hutchison Whampoa . the plans would let users make calls and send texts in any country . industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network .
victim, 12, was walking in subway under a major road in newbury, berkshire . two boys - aged 12 to 13 - approached him and sprayed WD40 over him . they then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight . police are hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight . victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment .
the video was shot on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia . it shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide . he squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle . the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst .
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 . he was spotted at a game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night . this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20 . manziel will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position .
fugitive was wanted by police over kidnap and murder of torture victim . he was named on a list of fugitives published as part of operation captura . civil guard officers in alicante confirmed today they believe monk, from Essex, may be implicated in the violent death .
former prime minister was photographed standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre . his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car . Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw the vehicle . she asked if she could help before the former pm agreed to a selfie .
the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation . today, cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other new york-based companies .
judge urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests . 'i've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody,' said judge Jerry Baxter . former administrators and teachers would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine .
ukip leader had an awkward exchange with Hungarian worker at hinge factory . he was quick to insist he did not want to send migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young Britons . immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks .
the 35-year-old set off from haytor on dartmoor in september 2013 . he has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months . the barman is set to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on tuesday .
the queen's guard slipped on a manhole cover during Changing of the Guard . he lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box . embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as colleagues marched past . but he started to blush as he peered at the crowd from under his hat .
the 61-year-old actor said he has 'loved every minute' of the controversial religion . he was speaking to promote his new movie, the forger, about the world's most infamous art plagiarist .
filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity . it was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years . footage includes plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun’s atmosphere .
the British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year conflict . some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun . at least 80,000, 105mm artillery shells - at a cost of £1,250 each - were fired at Taliban positions .
environmental health called to the Sutton Arms, in stockton, last year . two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had Clostridium perfringens . the pub was littered with droppings and food past its sell-by date . owner, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences at court .
researchers examined effects of sugary drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . half group were given drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days . other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame . women released less cortisol during maths test than those given drinks .
Ellia Beasley, 22, has more than 20 tattoos including one on her belly . she had the line 'scream your heart out' written across her belly in 2012 . but she lived to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was exposed . he was sent to prison for 35 years for a string of child sex offences .
Lord Janner escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations in 2007 . the 86-year-old was able to escape prosecution for eight years . but the cps controversially announced he is now unfit to stand trial .
footage shows jihadists smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year-old city of Hatra . also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars . the footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation .
'i don't think it's particularly healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies,' says Amanda Dobbins, a writer who has grown tired of the weight war .
Eitan and his wife Ronit Urman were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona coyotes game against the Anaheim ducks on Saturday . when they were told a special guest would bring out a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet on the ice . the pair fell to the floor and the carpet slides on the slippery surface .
the Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched its pot-pairing menu . it pairs five falafels to five strains of weed . the menu is strictly a take-away operation .
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St. Johns County, Florida . when the driver declined, he threw the candy bar at his head instead . the driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery .
the maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . but the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages . on twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist tweet'
a man was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials . Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts pleaded not guilty to possession of an infernal device . this after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette .
mother-of-eight, 44, had applied for her daughter to go to the same school . her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, all attend school there . but when allocations were revealed today she found out her youngest would have to go at a different school - 20 minute walk from her other children's . she is planning to appeal and says she can't split herself in half and be at both schools at the same time .
the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment, you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts . web-based company Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield .
the $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep . unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which apparently sucks moisture from the skin, the wrinkle preventing pillowcase's special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps the complexion hydrated all night .
dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders . they fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood . the thieves only managed to steal the equivalent of £278 and fled .
ski champ Lindsey Vonn appeared worried as her boyfriend made some high profile mistakes at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia . the 30-year-old has struggled with her own injuries and has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years . vonn won her 67th world cup downhill skiiing championship .
the Landgate Cottage in Rye is quintessentially 1950s-style . the colour house in Kendal, Cumbria, is a 1960s-era dream . mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best .
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for 'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' he posted his views on an online forum during the 2006 world cup . 'it really shows the level our society has been infiltrated by immigrants'
each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film . the old town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses . Salzburg is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn’t rush about embracing change .
gavin daly, played by Pete Davidson, testifies in the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32 . he tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit . at the end of the scene, the witness even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand .
'she's going to be, like, talking s**t,' predicted student hallie corum in between classes . 'i don't know Hillary Clinton was running,' one young woman said .
he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban . Maryland with his elder brother, Luke . at school, he won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13 . deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt .
eight members of the same family - seven of them children between the ages of six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess Anne, Maryland, home on monday afternoon . police have identified the adult victim as father of seven Rodney Todd, 36, who they identified as the adult who died . a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel, police said .
three-year-old boy drowned trying to reach a toy when he fell into pool . he was found face down in his family's garden 20 minutes after being reported missing to police . coroner ruled death accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool, according to relatives . family launched a wide manhunt around their home village of Upavon, Wiltshire, after he went missing .
state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10% . party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise railways . manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits, an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory 
a 18.5in high fully-grown husky-corgi cross has been abandoned . he's now taken refuge at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex . there are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for by the trust .
the 20-month-old prince has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo . he addresses a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle' the plotline plays off headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner .
family moved to rural village of Geldeston in 2005 with five children . but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs were shot . they were accused of killing a farmer's birds after escaping onto his land . a few days later, farmer returned to complain about their dogs trespassing .
the researcher was on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major security conference in california this week . on twitter, he suggested the airline's onboard systems could be hacked . the researcher, who founded one world labs, was stopped at the gate and questioned for four hours .
a video posted on social media site Vine shows an unidentified college student beating cops at a game of 'rock paper scissors' the girl, though to be a student at Texas A&M, is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking . the video has been viewed more than 500,000 times, with a total of 5,000 likes .
78-year-old was arrested on a gun charge and charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . his attorney, Ryan McGuigan, said the arrest was a ruse to pressure him to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990 . he said the federal bureau of . investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the . theft of the paintings .
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising dramatically . they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which eventually build up into a solid lump . stones start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter .
figures released by the Electoral Commission show labour received £1.9m . 84 per cent of donations came from just three trade unions . included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching labour's reliance on the union's militant boss len McCluskey .
Emma became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone . the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling sessions . her mother, Kim Waddington, said it was a 'horrific' ordeal watching her daughter battle the eating disorder .
the Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2 . cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . the words 'Star Wars' adorn the body of the plane behind the wing .
madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen . she believed she was in labour and medics prepared to deliver the child . but after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant . instead, she was carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus .
rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on east 27th street . a bartender recognized him from media reports when he was walking in the Gramercy Park area on a wednesday . when the victim, 23, entered the bathroom, her attacker, thought to be Stover was hiding in another stall .
unarmed 22-year-old, Cao Yu, confronted thug in a public square in china . he stabbed her in the shoulder and left her 'bleeding all over' after five-minute struggle . she is now recovering in hospital after being found bleeding all over . policeman who arrived on scene said: 'we asked him to drop his machete'
thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in new Milton, hampshire . he threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money . the man's face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages . police say 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
the body of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was found in a river near to their home on saturday . police say he has admitted moving the body from their home and having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for her safe return . he is currently in the Clinton county correctional facility on $500,000 bail .
mental health advocate Nic newling struggled through confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication . his brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective . the 28-year-old is now using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness
Byron Schlenker and daughter Emily hold world record for widest female tongue . the 47-year-old only discovered it when he picked up a book at the library . he measured his tongue and found it was nearly a centimetre wider than record holder's .
police launched hunt after five-year-old was taken from Southampton general hospital . his parents were found in spain but released without charge . staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days . a further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights and travel .
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai open chess tournament . he was found using his phone to check moves in the middle of a match . his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious of his frequent trips to the lavatory . tournament organisers found his phone in a cubicle covered in toilet paper .
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called . father-of-three collapsed while covering rehearsal of tennis star's wedding . he was found to be unconscious and was placed in a medically induced coma .
billionaire tycoon wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion . the 62-year-old businessman claims the new house, if built, will be his only residence in the uk . it has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift 25 tonnes .
the lowenbrau Keller, in the rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign . it features the slogan 'wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . campaign group Collective Shout has slammed the restaurant . they claim the ads reinforce sexual objectification of women .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home . three-quarters of renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house . this rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years .
ex-convict and white supremacist pleaded not guilty to a string of offences . he is accused of shooting three people in a motel, killing a man and injuring two women during a rampage in the suburb of Mesa . another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and then two more at separate apartment complexes, about two miles away . police launched a massive manhunt to find the gunman .
matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last April after failing to wake up one morning . tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain . she died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine . her family have had her body cryogenically preserved at 196C .
in its heyday, the theme park in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors . it closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors, attributed to the country's low birth rate and economic collapse . urban explorer Florian seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the extent of the park's ongoing dereliction .
police officer Dante Servin, 46, cleared of involuntary manslaughter . he shot and killed Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head in march 2012 . boyd's brother screamed: 'you want me to be quiet? this m***** f***** killed my sister!'
island is known as the film location for mamma mia! . it has a ruined Venetian fortress and dozens of chapels .
mother charged with murdering son and attempted murder of another child . sheldon, 38, from dartford, Kent, is due back before crown court in June . five-year-old boy died from fatal burns caused in horrific car fire last year .
a documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will reveal shady advertising practices at the company . the film, Billion Dollar Bully, is slated to be released in january .
sheriff's department in florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where a 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men . a pair of students from Alabama's Troy university were allegedly seen in a cellphone video last month sexually assaulting a girl in Panama city beach . sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the 'most disgusting, sickening thing'
four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted hepatitis a after consuming the 1kg packets of frozen mixed berries . patties foods said no hepattis A virus or E.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled product . the company's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any link between Nanna's Mixed Berries and the virus and shows no systemic failure of its quality assurance programs .
the method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . 'i screwed up,' wrote one teenage girl along with her #kyliejennerchallenge selfie, while another complained she looked 'gross' the method is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout .
'security detachments were able to... detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them,' ISIS said in a daily audio message posted online . but the US state department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees .
doctors sent letter to dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine . accused him of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . said he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet the strict uniform guidelines . the year eight student turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term . she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property and remained until the end of the day . her mother Anne Parker has expressed her outrage over the 'ridiculous' situation .
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a traditional Chinese herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . 'it gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding' .
two-thirds of new fathers in the uk are now over 30 . men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives . however, the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation .
police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota . a $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each . the theft happened sometime between April 1 and 7 .
moya Gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the Kruger national park in south africa . she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape buffalo . her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, began taking pictures of the struggle . after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape being eaten by lions . but it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into their car .
mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was 'ugly' he posted a picture of the little boy's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn, boost Carter's confidence . the photo has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11 .
an unnamed 30-year-old former student filed the lawsuit against Joseph Koetters, who taught at the Hancock Park school in los angeles . the lawsuit alleges that when he was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year . he spent time working at Pasadena's Polytechnic School and Calabasas' Viewpoint School .
fugitive squirmed as he admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ . also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers failed to redact details exposing operations against al qaeda . he stunned the world in 2013 when he broke cover as civilian CIA worker .
driver, Sam Smith, films with tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . he can't make out which direction it's moving so doesn't know how to escape . as it sweeps past he says that the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground .
grocer operated a fleet of five aircraft for its bosses . four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone next month . just days ago, Tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old, Gulfstream 550 . it was capable of flying 14 executives at a time, with a top speed of 580mph .
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday . this as he selected Duke, who beat the slightly favored Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63 . for the prize, valued at $30,000, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify .
keen runner was wearing a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles . the belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at a Canadian sports retailer . he was also wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes .
the datai is a luxury hotel in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest . it was designed by australian architect Kerry Hill around datai bay .
21-year-old 'ayyan' Ali jailed after staggering amount of cash found in her bag . charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $10,000 cash limit . last seen in public wearing 'uncharacteristic' black burka outside court . she has been in a rawalpindi prison since march 14 arrest .
girls aloud star denise van outen is the latest big name to sign on the dotted line . the mother-of-one admits she's turned down the offer twice before . eastenders actress and 70s child star Bonnie Langford also signs up .
the crisis in A&E has led some people to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead . weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution . by improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other care services .
frail Gaston pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months for historic abuse of two girls . he claimed he was himself abused at a notorious Jersey children's home . the frail father-of-four first targeted his victims when they were five-years-old .
officer Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer . but on friday, his pregnant wife Jamie and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him . on Tuesday, he was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott after stopping him over a broken tail light .
announcement made on company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism . positions will be based at its Redmond campus in washington . program will be run in partnership with specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT .
two hitmen associates of 'Freddy Krueger' killer jailed for attempted murder . Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in attack on inan . victim, 35, ambushed as he arrived home on 30 December 2012 . attack led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, nicknamed 'freddy' after character .
Yulia Simonova, 52, asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and murder 15-year-old Damian vanya after he ended their relationship . but police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman during a meeting with the teacher . a hidden camera filmed the moment she ordered the hit on the teenager . she said she wanted the boy to bleed to death before she 'finished' him . after handing over
mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand last month . he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul . the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . last week prosecutors formally charged the man who injured Lippert with attempted murder .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent 18 years developing the hands . they are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . hands can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate anything .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes William and Harry was seen texting on her mobile . the royal, who is currently living in new york, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black and cream miniskirt .
'you wouldn't get Herod to run a baby farm, would you?,' he wrote . he likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse' . the tory mayor is expected to play a more high profile role this week .
investigators say four children were playing in and around a minivan when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside . two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help . the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . no criminal charges are expected because the age of the child who started the fire .
eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV's Inspector Morse . the five-star hotel, run by the macdonald chain, includes the morse bar, named after being used as a frequent setting .
sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months . she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in south africa . but upon relocating she said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native south africa, 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' are directed toward our own indigenous population .
secret service agents parked the now-famous Scooby Doo van in a handicapped parking spot in Council Bluffs, Iowa . the presidential nominee emerged from the meeting and greeted onlookers . a second 'Scooby'-mobile was outfitted to look identical to the one she was riding in .
the 28-year-old plays the character Jon Snow on the HBO series . he joked that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' and emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city, drawing laughter from a studio audience .
the 15-year-old became obsessed with her own weight and ate 100 calories a day . she would hide food down the side of her bed so her parents wouldn't see it . her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care . after spending a week on a heart monitor at north Tyneside general hospital, she was finally offered support from eating disorder organisations .
ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her in his office . she said he asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . the district attorney's office concluded a criminal charge is 'not supported'
family of one of five men arrested in anti-terrorism raids warned they were falling victim to Islamic State recruiters . sevdet besim, 18, from hallam in south-east, charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on anzac day .
the 20lb lamb was born at a farm near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire . his mother, seven-year-old Jean, is an experienced mother . but he is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him .
the move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers . Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the un imposed sanctions on Tehran . but the Russian president lifted the ban after Tehran struck an interim deal with Britain and five other countries to curb nuclear activities .
a father from Sydney has created a trick to get his three-month-old son to sleep . he runs tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off . by the 14th stroke baby Seth has drifted off completely and in 42 seconds .
researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US . instead of traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others, they instead used a 'specimen-based protocol' this allowed them to analyse differences within each species, as well as between different species .
labour leader superimposed over rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' images thought to reference how he posed a direct message to the pm . 'if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one'
clinical trials show olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control . up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and respond particularly well to the drug . it stopped prostate cancer growth, generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans .
the 59-year-old spent two years in and out of mental institutions after the jab . he believed his Kindle could fly, that dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it . but he believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought .
the same jury that convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for . his crimes, starting next Tuesday . the sentencing phase of the trial is expected to take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations .
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters, maintaining the lead . the 21-year-old is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final . some of his american rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard .
Nicola sturgeon refuses to rule out demanding a re-run within next five years . opponents claim she has 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' in last year's historic vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom .
corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers . they are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . but viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying .
the monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park on her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma . as is her wont, she eschewed a helmet in favour of a silk headscarf .
'all my grandparents, you know, came over here,' she said during a small business roundtable event in norwalk, Iowa . both of Clinton’s maternal grandparents, named Della Howell and Edwin Howell, were born in Illinois . her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr., immigrated to the u.s. while his wife Hanna Jones Rodham was born in Pennsylvania .
Andrei soldatov accused the former US spy of not being ‘transparent’ . he said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the Russian authorities . snowden, 31, revealed himself as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents .
defining characteristic of character is that he only speaks a single word: 'Hodor' 'when he started saying it, they started calling him by it. it was the only word he had,' says his great-grandmother . in 1861, a french physician named Paul Broca was introduced to a man named Louis-Victor Leborgne .
Jeremy Clarkson was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds . he said: 'in the olden days when i used to work for BBC, i couldn't say s***' . the former top gear presenter also joked he was 'trawling the job centre' for a job .
to celebrate the fifth series of HBO's hit series, travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain . the seven-night tour kicks off in the andalusian capital, Madrid, before heading further south . guests will visit the world's largest Gothic cathedral, registered by Unesco as a World Heritage Site .
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . when Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead . 'i'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die,' he said .
'silver fox' is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark . 'it's a good one to have', said co-presenter Amanda holden, regarding his nickname .
since Keeping Up With The Kardashians started in 2007, Kylie has been one of the biggest tween stars . the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek . the images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition .
the baby-faced boy from Memphis, tn, regularly posts pictures of 'gang life' he has amassed more than 3,000 followers on twitter . in one video he laughs and points a gun at the camera in an apparent attempt to look menacing .
students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent last year studying a different classic book for their imminent AS-level exam . mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text .
the caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . local guide and photographer denis Budkov trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment . the cave's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . as the short, summer months arrive, intensive melting of the ice creates ravines .
billionaire blends in with tourists at the 'Campo de' fiori' in the italian capital . he was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard .
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. pleaded not guilty to illegally possessing a firearm . his 15-year-old son, Jaylen, killed four classmates and himself last year . he had been the subject of a domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he bought a gun in 2013 .
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . police investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act . it bans election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment .
the justice department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray . the 25-year-old suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van . on thursday, hundreds of residents took to the streets of west Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name .
tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger . the trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total . guests will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with a frontline Russian conservationist .
asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed . police have warned that the family may be heading to Syria . radical preacher anjem Choudary said yesterday
the group, lesbians4hillary, launched on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president . tennis star, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group 'women for Hillary' in 2008, as well . 'her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment,' said tennis great .
the comedian was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on Monday . he was joined by Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick . the quartet were all present at Citi Field in queens to watch the game . earlier Noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfield's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series .
former headmaster, 47, questioned on suspicion of abusing position of trust . he has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools . family member claims he is 'happiest he's ever been' as he looks forward to becoming a father this summer .
third-grade teacher Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St. Cloud, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics . the woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges .
lenny mordarski, 68, was stabbed with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire . he said: 'imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees... owww!' the woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another passenger, was removed from the flight . the flight was delayed for almost two hours due to the 'disturbance' .
the CYG-11 seaplane uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide over wavetops . it can carry 10 passengers plus two flight crew and can reach a top speed of 155 mph (250 km/h) the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and china .
'i've told Hillary that I don't think I'm good [at campaigning] anymore because i'm not mad at anybody,' he said . 'my role should primarily be as a backstage adviser to her until we get much, much closer to the election,' the 68-year-old said in a rare interview .
the booster landed successfully but the impact of landing caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket . despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown . the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket, carrying a Dragon capsule, thundered off its seaside launch pad at Cape Canaveral air force station at 4.10 ET .
actresses Liz Hurley, 49, and Jacqueline Bissett, 70, or model David Gandy, 35, and soap star Dean Gaffney, 37, all have doppelgängers . a première in madrid this week showed a lookalike of 'hunger games' star, 22-year-old Josh Hutcherson .
during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point were read I Am Jazz . the book is about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans .
the five women were arrested the weekend before international women's day . they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport . linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and poor provision of female toilets .
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago . what is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened . this is known as the giant impact hypothesis . it claims the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth and later condensed to form the moon . but a mystery has persisted on why the moon and Earth are so similar .
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' more than a million households lost out when coalition announced families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . anyone earning less than £50,000 still received full entitlement of £20.70 a week for the first child, and £13.70 for every subsequent child .
JCNO jeans, popular at raves, are set to make a comeback . a bucket hat was originally a staple of fishermen and farmers . but the trend was ditched in favour of flattering shapes . celebrities such as singer rihanna aren't letting it go quietly .
at least six men were arrested in California and Minnesota by the FBI on Sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join ISIS . the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety, a spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said . three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, after riding on a Greyhound bus from Minneapolis to new york in November .
bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures can rebut findings . publication of inquiry began in 2009 and has cost taxpayer almost £10million . report expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in 2003 conflict . but it has been pushed back until after the election due to political sensitiveness .
pre-med student Lizzie Cochran came up with the idea for her new clothing line after studying biology under a microscope . using mirroring, Photoshop and kaleidoscope effects, each biological subject was turned into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric . the designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and raby .
the former Bab al-Aziziya compound in the capital city of Tripoli resembles a wasteland . it was hit in a 1986 air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago . the compound was used to intimidate and strike fear into the hearts of Libyans .
James Coney wrote an opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with germany . the piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media . US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments .
six men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday . they are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization . the men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis, San Diego or new york city, and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .
the clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero . intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . moments later a jeep races past on the right with the back of its roof on fire, the situation far too hazardous for the drivers to stop and put them out .
a woman picked up 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III after his motorcycle broke down along i95 . the woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, according to a police report . he is awaiting extradition back to north carolina, where he's accused of fatally shooting 44-year old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College .
threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening . the tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time . instead of taking off the plane the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .
documentary follows three children and their families through such a situation . they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy .
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death . she sent a series of messages to friends and family saying she didn't know 'what he is capable of these days' she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day . but it was never received - and she had agreed to take her profile down . a little later he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times .
61-year-old piloted a small gyrocopter past landmarks in florida last week . he said he fully expected to be intercepted before landing on the west lawn . the mail carrier hoped to raise awareness about influence of big money in politics .
lix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico . she was on holiday with boyfriend, also 23, in resort of Riviera Maya . family said she was devoted to the children she taught and had lived life to the full .
four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in new zealand . one man stands at the water's edge with a fishing line in his hands . he launches forward, dragged by the great weight of the shark . the fisherman's friend grabs hold of his shoulders and they drag the shark in to shore .
the agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed . she had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .
Nadine, 29, and Coleen, 28, have joined forces with Cancer Research . the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive . they are hoping the shots will encourage women to join the female-only event .
more than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted . 650 seats up for grabs on may 7, with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority . of 303 tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands .
the Prevention of Terrorism Act enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial . but it also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire . it effectively reintroduces controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something prime minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012 . human rights watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'
prime minister warns recovery would be 'put at risk' by 'stitch-up' between labour and the SNP . more than 31 million people are in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year .
rebel fighter Ahmed Shaheed bought a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria . the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet . news comes just a month after the 28-year-old revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company .
three's Feel at Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East . customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans . three claims about two-thirds of its customers’ overseas trips are now covered by Feel At Home .
the royal mint will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 . the silver coin will be minted with the one penny's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen, which was unveiled in march . it will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse .
former labour MP, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia . but he signed a letter saying he wanted to remain in the house of Lords . he requested an extension of his leave of absence 12 days ago . abuse campaigners angrily questioned why he was able to remain .
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, . Massachusetts, was discovered on the subway in . new york city by a model who asked if he could send his picture to his own modeling agency . soon after, he signed a modelling contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in London and Milan under the pseudonym Sam Worthen . he says his two jobs are similar in that they are both hectic and he needs to keep a straight face during
more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10pm on saturday until 6am the next morning . a 22-year-old man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets at the venue . another man, 23, was also arrested after he was allegedly found with 124 MDMA pills and a wad of cash . police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs .
the firm claims its latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . it works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus . users can even simply draw emoji they want to send .
experts believe the Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean . the log cabin's intricate construction is unlike pioneer building methods at the time, suggesting it was made by foreigners . way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails, is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period, when Catherine the Great was sending envoys to Alaska to boost the fur trade .
there are some fruits and seeds that really are a power-house of nutritional value . tart cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants . cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections . but studies have suggested they could also have a wide range of other benefits .
the Germfalcon uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . tray tables, seats and blankets are the worst offenders on an aeroplane . germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week .
the 29-year-old from Chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . she was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse . two decades ago, there was little information about AIS and Pagonis' parents were'n't sure how to talk open
previously unseen flightplan of mission to drop atom bomb on Hiroshima for sale . hand-drawn diagram shows pilot being told to arrive at 30,000ft, drop payload two miles short of city, then veer away sharply at 28,500ft . also includes flight logs and eyewitness account of the bombing raid . £300,000 archive compiled by co-pilot of bomber which carried out mission .
once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane, the remaining steps are done automatically . flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all . to reduce the risk of food poisoning, the flight crew can bring their own food on board .
the official number was issued to Hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail, at Cedar Junction state prison in Massachusetts . he is being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near Shirley . it can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia . the former new england patriots star smoked the drug in marijuana cigarettes known as 'killer
former marine praised for 'restraint and maturity' after refusing deadly force . he was in a patrol car chasing a double murder suspect in new york . the 27-year-old accused killer started sprinting towards him, asking him to shoot . officer had been warned that the suspect might try 'suicide by cop'
Sharon Winters was searching for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke online . but less than two weeks later she was found dead in her flat in liver, spleen, lungs and heart . her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since her murder . he said: 'she was a lonely heart just wanting love. that animal preyed on her caring nature'
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 hopefuls to land a modelling contract . the trainee police officer will be joining the brand's curvy line-up . she will be starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean .
nearly all family doctors polled do not think their own practice should open on weekends . nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider joining larger groups . government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the prime minister’s challenge fund .
the chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's new Galaxy S6 smartphone . the findings suggest a deeper loss of business for chip supplier Qualcomm in the new generation of Samsung's flagship handsets than anticipated previously .
two-storey hospital building in central china is being rolled eight metres a day on 1,000 metal 'wheels' the hospital building is being moved to make way for a new road . it was built in the 1960s and is 1,700 square metres in size .
police said Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon . he demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said . the 34-year-old manager tried to calm him down when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man . as he followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him against a bar and into an elderly woman .
the fast car sequel took an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend . this brings its domestic total to $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 . Furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide .
ukip leader says it is a 'reasonable proposition' to charge for treating drunks . reveals he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' polls suggest support for the party is on the slide .
researchers from the university of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria . the friendly bacteria out-competes harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances .
the woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet . the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two . her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship .
retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier . from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you should be packing .
a series of images capturing the late actor on set for the last time have been released in conjunction with today’s release of Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria . in the pictures O’Toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal . director michael redwood said 'in inevitable wind-ups surfaced whenever the devil inside him needed entertaining'
social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . one user joked that the owner of a boat 'knew what was coming' another man windsurfed down the street using his umbrella as a sail . the worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW .
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . customers who buy one of the products before the #SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight . the products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops, in selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out flavours in foods . intensity of Luciano Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . high-pitched piano in billie Holiday's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .
the 1904 Victorian build in the bay area will be sold at a live auction . experts say the eerie backstory could even add to the intrigue . the remains which were removed from the house on April 4 are believed to be that of Anna Ragin .
manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the drama . it is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor . in 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters . he was suspended as a result of his comments and later quit .
councillor, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years with a seven-inch kitchen knife . he grew suspicious of her and hired a private investigator to follow her . they agreed to stay together but he later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest, torso, arms and back .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely wrote a flawed article about a university of virginia student named Jackie, who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago . but a recent investigation by the police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the frat house the night of the alleged assault doesn't seem to exist . the Columbia Journalism School will release a review of
colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery . they have now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the LBFF .
noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Kelvin Ellis, at their home in Bali last October . his body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch near sedang village . 'for a long time he hadn't given me sufficient (money), (he) even took the money for my kids' schooling,' she said . the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion . her mother, Heather, said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura . she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the cancer sooner .
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in blackpool . they pointed a gun at the owner, his wife, and their toddler as they hid . when they refused to hand over cash, they threw sweets at the couple . police said the attack was 'extremely distressing' for the family . munro was jailed for five years and four months at Preston crown court .
a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants . more than five million cocoa farmers and their families depend on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world .
attorney's for 42-year-old David serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that his original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations . serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by the teenage victim's angry father, who suspected serbeck of aggressively following his daughter .
police believe the shooter was 20-year-old Kenneth Stancil, a former student who did not graduate from the goldsboro, north carolina, college . he allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, killing long-time employee, Ron Lane . it is not known if the two are connected or related .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later . a worker at the Anaheim Hills car wash befriended the goose several days ago by feeding it bread crumbs and was able to catch it and turn it over . the cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty .
police in tulsa county, oklahoma, intercepted a package headed to a home in the town of Tahlequah . they found two condoms and $30,000 worth of meth inside the bunny .
father-of-three accused of forcing social worker to the floor, injuring her wrist . the 43-year-old 'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a 32in television . but she slipped her hand behind the security cable in an effort to hang on . she ended up on the floor and in serious pain as workers grabbed him . judge cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying it was not certain he 'went on not caring'
american pie's lyrics were sold at auction in new york for more than $1 million . they were hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don McLean . it illustrates, in a series of images, metaphors and allusions, what can be done within the frame of a melodically straightforward pop song .
some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices, including when they were at school . nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram . more middle class teenagers were more likely to use Snapchat .
tola ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer . the device allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank in Palmers green, north london . ore admitted one count of fraud at the old court as she was about to stand trial .
home secretary theresa may said the manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits . unemployed EU migrants in the uk will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving . a migrant workers on an average wage will pay £22,600 in tax and national insurance over four years before they can claim state support .
the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money, but also about moral worth . biggs divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function . 'the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds,' she writes .
pit bull mix Chester, 6, was found as a stray in 2010 and had been living in shelters for the past five years . a picture of him with a sign around his neck was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting him poured in .
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six cops . footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, new york, appears to show him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . moments later, video shows his teammate pero anti being led away in handcuffs after stabbing . it happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed .
the company must supply monthly data to the regulators and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) or below and in 'visual meteorological conditions' it is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon Prime Air . the company has been pursuing its goal of sending packages by air .
experts fear millions of two-inch-long Asian hornets could be heading to uk . they have killed at least six people and terrorised wildlife in france . fears they pose a terrible danger to our honeybees - and are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers .
the drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the royalburgers zoo chimp enclosure for a reality show . but a chimpanzee managed to knock the drone out of the sky . following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the 'prey' to pounce on it .
the ink illustration comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals . it shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears . but it's not clear which character ‘yoda’ is meant to be in the tale .
former head of the metropolitan police's elite Flying Squad, John O'Connor, said the heist could be linked to the massive fire which ripped through London last week . the fire started last Wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out . it came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site . fire experts said they do not believe that the blaze was caused deliberately .
the clip was filmed on Saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana . it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace . locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished .
more than 20,000 children passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or an A* grade between 2009 and 2013 . critics say not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy . in 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791 .
the 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 . he co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22 . the property, ‘Braelin’ on Lang Road in Sydney’s east was only listed for two weeks before it was removed from the McGrath Real Estate website . it was originally designed by architect Donald Esplin for former lord mayor of Sydney Sir Allen Taylor .
dustin Wayne south, 32, died at the scene in a field behind Lassiter Middle school . a neighbor saw him waving a gun and firing into the air . two bullets fired by police struck him, but neither was lethal .
76-year-old was battered to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour . his wife, Enid, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man . but she discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been beaten . the man was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of Fred Hatch . yesterday Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the mental health act and told he may never be released
teenager named locally as leah Price from the Nottingham area . she was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near Filey, north Yorkshire . police say it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs .
the 56-year-old mother-of-four kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on sunday night . insiders say it was a last-minute decision by the singer .
footage was shot from a high rise apartment in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk . as dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness - forcing motorists to turn on their lights . storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob .
route 1 from san francisco to los angeles takes three weeks to complete . route is 350 miles long and winds through some of california's most wonderful scenery . the route has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction .
father-of-two James Koryor, 41, arrested on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin . he then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep . the boy's mother then found him in a dark silver car some time later .
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . mother-of-three, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, has not spoken for weeks . but one day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida' now, her family is taking her to Sarasota, south-west florida, today . she has taken part in charity runs, gone on holidays and made memories . however, her health declined this winter after she underwent radiation treatment 
biologists at jyväskylä university in finnish say eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls . a moth has an unusual evolutionary adaptation that allows it to confuse the ultrasound used by bats, scientists have found . this makes bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself . the team were able to test the theory by showing great tits pictures of butterflies that had been
the 65-year-old former Olympian will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday April 24 . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman . reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement .
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Knowle, Bristol . she kept her pregnancy secret from family and friends, including her sister . paramedics were called after she was found sitting in bath with 'a lot of blood' . earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility .
two-year-old tabby cat disappeared after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to new york . his crate was damaged in transit and he escaped and ran away . he was discovered at Jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks .
conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in Dubai . they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison . families of the men confirmed they were finally able to return home and charges of espionage wouldn't be brought .
the Moose Toys HQ in melbourne has a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape . 'we're the google of australia and that's how we see ourselves,' said Moo's general manager of products .
the ad is shot entirely in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips . it's part of a major rebrand for the cosmetics company . the move is said to signal the company's intention to inspire love .
former marine and devout churchgoer Michael Rogan, 42, died early on friday . his wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, suffered minor injuries . the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van . friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out . within three days almost $190,000 has been raised .
the chief political correspondent of Slate magazine was announced as the new host on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week . he is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program . Dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years, four of them as white house correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign .
researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of TB . they found 14 different strains that had infected eight of the bodies . all evolved from a single germ that had begun infecting people during the late Roman period .
'my name is Chris' campaign launched to raise money for his treatment . the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . he's now able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney . his wife Naomi says it reinforces why it is essential to get treatment on the current pharmaceutical benefits scheme (PBS)
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at the M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' David Cameron out of downing street . she said the offer stood 'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the house of commons . comes amid fallout from claims she told a french diplomat she wanted pm to stay .
six years, one marriage and two children later, the actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature . he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film .
beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old veteran . but she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 . her actions left him so traumatised he lay in bed at night worrying about money . he died just five months after her crime was discovered .
'i don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she said . she also pledged to form alliances with the greens and Plaid Cymru . miss Sturgeon said she would make a decision on issue-by-issue basis .
abby Swinfield, 18, was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital . taken to good hope hospital in sutton coldfield, west Midlands, where she was put into a coma, but died a week later . police have arrested a girl for supplying drugs following her death . cousin claims she didn't take drug voluntarily, saying drink was spiked .
the Siezen family's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . but when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son . the couple said their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle, which involves constant travel due to Jola's job as an acrobat .
starkey says ethnic minorities and disabled people should not 'assume status of victim' claims evidence suggests women are of average intelligence, men are either 'very, very bright or very thick' but 70-year-old denied he is sexist and said he did not believe any politician was equipped to be pm .
seven-car maglev - short for 'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h), during a test run near mount Fuji . it beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/he) maglev trains use magnets to lift and move
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000 . another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops .
brides are on the hunt for ways to cut costs on their big day . FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . can you tell which dresses cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands?
the company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June . Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships . Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months .
Georgina gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman in the face . she allegedly carried out a similar attack on a 25-year old woman last year . both incidents took place at townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in north Queensland . police are pursuing charges against the former playboy model .
a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home . but the car robber didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle . the boy was found safe and well about two miles away from his northern california home in the abandoned car . police are investigating the theft as a crime of opportunity .
109-year-old tortoise escaped from his owner's garden 11 months ago . he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road . but he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety . six months ago, he found a new home with a couple living 22 miles away . they decided to call every Stokes in Kent listed in the phonebook to find out who he belonged to .
Adam leheup, 34, cleared of rape and sexual assault by jury at blackfriars crown court . university of greenwich graduate had been wooing 35 woman online . told jury she 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts . the 25-year-old claimed he ignored her cries of 'no' and afterwards said: 'in my experience girls say no, but they don't mean it' 
biggest pension reforms in a century launched yesterday allowing over-55s to cash in pension pots rather than being forced to buy a fixed monthly income . but pensions minister Steve Webb has now urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions . he said: 'this isn't a mad scramble rush to do something today'
legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, heiress, Cheryl, last year . the coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna . but this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo, an american divorce
a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go . it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer . EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques .
Jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power . he said: 'off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused' comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties .
the president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like' a Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by senator Bob corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon .
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition . doctors said he would have to have his right leg amputated or fused straight . but his family refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left him severely disabled for life . instead, they began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments . they eventually found an american surgeon called Dr Dror Paley . he assured his parents his leg could be saved and he underwent a series of operations to break his leg and start
the 42-year-old stars in the new airwick fragrance campaign . she says that simple touches can make a home more homely . the shoot has been captured by renowned photographer, Willy Camden .
'i'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks i'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms,' he writes . his wife, Glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs .
anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband . he said he 'felt terrible' about not seeing his two-year-old daughter .
the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC's Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique . she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed stylist in the run-up to the Scottish parliament election in 2007 .
the Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures . and while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species were killed when the oceans became more acidic . the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
middlesbrough beat wolverhampton 3-2 in the premier league on tuesday night . aitor karanka's side must win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the championship . blues loanee Patrick Bamford scored the other goal in the win .
wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania . the mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries .
pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques' he said he was 'very calm about it. I didn't lose my rag' after rounding on audience . 'this is not the first time i've seen this. there was a Ukip representative on question time in Clacton and the audience were deeply hostile to him'
a visually identical GMC van drove up to Capitol Fruit Company in suburban Des Moines, Iowa on Tuesday with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle . both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and new york license plates . while the original van – nicknamed 'Scooby' after the cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow new york tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design .
the explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 . he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the race because of concerns for his heart . the 71-year-old has raised almost £1million for the charity .
next has overtaken marks & spencer on profits after decades of success . the company has an impressive line of designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . it also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank . one of Next's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends .
18-year-old from Wiltshire posted obnoxious message on police's page . said: 'oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' he went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police . they chased him on foot before finally grabbing him . 'His luck ran out #arrested,' re-posted his original message .
a gecko was stuck to the lining of a coat she bought from asda . the 49-year-old mother was horrified when she found the creature inside . supermarket apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher .
adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by the Tsarnaevs . the men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the 2013 marathon . norden said: 'people who live it day in and day out, their lives are just coming back somewhat'
Julie McKenzie, 53, went to see her GP three months after developing back problems . x-rays revealed that her spine was slightly curved, a condition known as scoliosis . but she felt there was more to it - she'd always been strong and active . used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon, Robert Lee .
the Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent . he was refused entry at the wine bar in Ipswich because of safety concerns . the bemused grandad, a massive facebook and twitter fan, grinned: 'it's their loss'
pensioner, 87, caused a disturbance on board an Air Canada flight from germany to Toronto . the flight crew alerted the pilot, who advised to land at Shannon . on touching down at 8.15pm local time, the woman was met by police and taken into custody . she has since been released without charge and will undergo a fit-to-fly- screening .
university of south carolina student Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, started learning to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star . she's now making money as a tribute artist . 'i’d come, sing a few songs, and wear a sparkly dress and they loved it,' she said .
the 121-foot brig of the James McBride, which ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857, has been revealed following ice-melt on the lake . dozens of shipwrecks have been found in the manitou passage of the lake, which is home to sudden storms, fire, and fog . the coast guard wasn’t immediately able to identify the wrecks, but with help from fans on facebook, they learned that two of them are the James
sheila von Wiese-Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother in a luxury hotel in Bali in august . her daughter, 19-year-old Heather Mack, will turn over a 'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her four-month-old daughter Stella . the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes 
a woman allegedly steals a donation box ahead of ANZAC day . the brazen thief allegedly stole the box at an RSL club in south-east of melbourne . she casually walks out the glass entrance door and takes her reading glasses off .
anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a neo-Nazi at the Easter weekend's Reclaim Australia rallies . he was raised in a multicultural part of the Victorian capital where he had been exposed to 'racial prejudice and bigoted views' 'i learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to unlearn these views'
telesales call handler Charles Barnhoorn took nitrous oxide at a party . he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon . coroner recorded a verdict of self-infliction after he died from asphyxiation .
a widower was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday . sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast . after his dog was spotted by a worker at a coned, police called and reported the sighting . missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her owner and grandson before they were able to catch up with her .
a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a 'change in course' . among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, founder of Yo! Sushi . others include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from ftse 250 . announcement of new names will heap pressure on labour .
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday . he says his sister dropped off the boy, saying it was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go out on a date night . the next day, he realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online . police arrested Truong's sister, Alyssa Chang, after she allegedly helped kidnap the child and his mother .
the sleepy squirrel had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in india . he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue like a lizard . the cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy .
Domanik green, 14, allegedly accessed laptop at Paul R. Smith middle school . he used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing . police say he had access to personal files and could have altered grades . but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank .
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school . a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students . on monday, she applied for a pre-trial intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to prosecution .
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home . the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute . a SWAT team from the sheriff's office entered the home and found the individual deceased in the residence .
carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left piste, according to a source . he then walked through a treacherously steep wooded area in the Alps . the seven-year-old was holidaying in the french ski resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, brother Gerwyn, 19, and sister Antonia, 9 . police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events . investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the
autopsy will reconstruct the final hours of the actor's life on channel 5 tonight . pathologist says he knew 'something else was wrong with him' one day before his death, the actor stuffed his collection of watches into a sock . he also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online . post-mortem revealed he had been suffering from dementia .
serial killer has spent three decades in jail for the savage killings of 13 women . he is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his 1981 trial . report is being compiled which will be heard at a prison tribunal next month which will rule if the move goes ahead .
landlady Deborah Steel, 37, last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation as murder inquiry . search has full consent of present landlord who is not connected with investigation . 73-year-old man is on bail until 29 April and two others have had theirs cancelled .
the 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue . he explained that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' he added that celebrities don't even get the freedom to say and do exactly what they want .
myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested in 2005 for smuggling heroin . the pair were sentenced to death in 2005 but were refused clemency . since then, their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation . their cousin is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings in london .
'elliott label' is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney, Drew Barrymore and pop group, GRL . the 29-year-old former model and actress has been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years . a modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune .
58-year-old stole paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst's home . she helped herself to the riches, including a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates . her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing .
the reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his 'best friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant . weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . he launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as bone marrow donors .
supermarket giant could move its head offices from London to other sites in Europe 'relatively painlessly', if Britain exits the eu . the tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in-out referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership .
sadly for scandalmongers, the chance encounter was innocent . the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday . it was part of the Nip festival, which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the Highlands .
married couple and their eight-month-old son were crushed to death on monday . they were driving under state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney lake, washington . 50-foot-long concrete slab fell from construction site and landed on their truck . damage to truck was so great that it took police hours to extract bodies .
man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a train at stockwell station this morning . he bent down to pick up his bag and was hit on the head by the train . other passengers watched in horror as he was taken to hospital . station was shut while medics tended to the man, who was later taken .
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world . they do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds, showing off their impressive physical prowess . the couple run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, which combines life-coaching and fitness training .
the 55-year-old was visiting the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough . he smiled broadly as he chatted to employees and had a private meeting . the royal has always denied he had any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts .
the change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign . the foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading Democrat .
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram . the hairdresser is currently in a hotel in Bangkok recovering from surgery . she has remained active on social media, posting videos and snaps .
italian activist and artist aleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' in the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers . the response has been 'immediate and powerful', he says .
autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash . the airliner pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control . he saved his 30 passengers and three crew just moments before the plane plunged into the north sea .
barrientos, 39, married ten men in 11 years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed . her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010 . she was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first .
six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests . around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and police with rocks . dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks . violence flared after Zulu King said foreigners should leave south africa .
Bethany Farrell, 23, drowned while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays . friends claim staff deleted photos taken shortly before she left the boat . 'there is no excuse. Ultimately her life was in their hands,' her father says .
four-month-old baby died 12 hours after learning to laugh for the first time . woke from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button . great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test' to see that it didn't fade . was rushed to hospital but was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia . his parents have been left confused as to how he fell ill so quickly .
Julia Ware, 16, accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury . her father, Michael ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter, endangering the welfare of children and other charges for allegedly allowing ware to drive . the tenth grader was speeding when her SUV rolled over in Paupack Township, Pennsylvania, in august .
poppy Moore wed childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office . the 23-year-old hosted a reception for 50 at the mayfair hotel in london . she wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses . poppy's father Dean died in 2011 aged 43 .
the rate of bankruptcy, 15.7percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid . despite earning millions of dollars - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of us . this is lower than 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under 'financial stress' within two years of leaving the league .
the man scaled the grandstand before sprinting across the start-finish line . he then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage . it is believed he was waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'i want a car. I have got a ticket'
the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a Travelzoo survey . conservative supporters are more likely to opt for a light reading option . labour supporters are the most likely to try their dance moves on holiday .
'it was supposed to be a strategy meeting, but then all of a sudden he says, "Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?"' bird said . the three young people were driven to the coffee house by campaign staffer Troy Price, who vetted them for about a half-hour . bird is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events . he interned with president Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped
employment minister was branded 'murderer McVey' in graffiti . she also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell . former GMTV presenter won her seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 .
the 29-year-old is the first ever celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign . the resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces including plunge, bandeau and boost bikinis as well as curve-enhancing monokinis .
the ornate Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, is the biggest in the middle east . the mosque is so spectacular that more than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to pray during the annual Eid celebrations . amateur photographer Julian John, originally from Brighton, Sussex, has been snapping photos of the mosque for four years .
an italian-American grandmother is facing eviction from her $820-a-month apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood . Adele Sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years, received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month . her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home . the spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in the neighborhood
representative jesses young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair inlet . a proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the Washington House on Thursday . the idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site .
a federal prosecutor told a jury at the couple's child abuse trial that they engaged in a 'regime of abuse and neglect' with their three foster children . the abuse left the toddlers with broken bones and numerous other health problems, the prosecutor said . one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family . a second trial for the Jacksons was ruled a mistrial last fall when a prosecutor inadvertently mentioned the death of one of the children
sleepy shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and sleeping on sofas . more than half of beds and sofas in Xihongmen IKEA shop in Beijing have been taken down . one weary woman said she had come in especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their 'comfy' beds .
top of the pops star was known to frequent a paedophile brothel in south west london . a 1960s band attended the same brothl as shamed bbc star Jimmy Savile . the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 . it is not clear whether the band and singer attended at the same time .
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations . she had a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain . last month doctors told her husband there was nothing more they could do . he became anxious for her welfare and called the police . hours later her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre .
the secret to forging Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria . in the latest Reactions video for the american chemical society, materials scientist Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar weapon . he began by looking at standard steel, which is an alloy made mostly of iron, but also includes around 2% of carbon . the findings and conclusions were made by studying the composition of modern steel and welding techniques .
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to the hospital on march 30 with a swollen abdomen . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . a planned medical test was delayed but her condition improved and she was expected to have the test this week .
the pair met on Instagram after Ali liked one of his girlfriend's pictures . they have been dating for two years and have large followings on social media . Ali, 26, helped to teach his girlfriend how to train hard and eat clean . he said: 'i saw that Ali looked at his body a completely different way than me'
a wicked mistake by BU's goalie allowed the Friars to tie in the third period . the game ended 4-3 and was played at the TD Garden in Boston . it was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all .
the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month . la-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, found out her birth mother worked at the same call-center operation company she works at . she reached out to friends on social media who knew Simmons and the next day she got a phone call from her mother . the mother and daughter live just six minutes away from one another .
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was four-years-old . but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder . she said that there 'p
deputy leader of cumbria county council jumped from roof of his house . he fell after being vilified over new parking charges in his constituency . now his widow accuses farron of reneging on a deal to support him .
a 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences . offences include rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife . each of the offences had been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10 .
three guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher . defense lawyers argued for leniency but prosecutors said the men have never shown remorse or accepted responsibility .
friend tells how 74-year-old had confided in him about extraordinary plan . he stabbed his wife of ten years with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times . she suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back .
prehistoric humans living in a cave 14,700 years ago were cannibals . they made cups from the skulls of the dead, a new study has found . researchers at the natural history museum in london found tooth marks on many of the bones found in the cave between 1880 and 1992 .
the play was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century . he claimed it was a re-working of an original by the bard and had three original texts . but a new study of its language 'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author .
bunny ears, eggs and flowers among the more conservative adornments . one woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor de Blasio . Jews, Hindus, agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk .
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 . one of the children later died from their injuries . when told of this after her arrest, she said: 'Sh*t happens.' she was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time .
he said the two parties were pretending to 'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll . but insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit . comes ahead of tonight's live tv election debates between main 'challenger' parties .
lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs . this means our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen . study bolsters theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems .
report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola . many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions, of which carbon dioxide plays a large role . the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent, but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground .
Josh Darnbrough, 24, awoke to find his mate had tattooed his back . he was taking revenge for a tattoo he did on his partner's leg two years ago . his friend, also 24, inked the words 'if found face down call an ambulance' using a DIY kit . the prank hasn't harmed the pair's friendship and they still see each other every day .
police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of karate instructor Alexander soumbadze . the 26-year-old has been charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography . police recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males .
a note was left on the windscreen of a car in cammeray, a wealthy north shore suburb . it read: 'if you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!! Get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents' a local woman did not agree with the tone of the note, but said it was a real issue .
father-of-two was left devastated after marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down . he then remarried, but his second wife turned out to be a bigamist . now he is engaged to another woman he met in the country he now calls home .
the direct marketing commission will probe two firms over claims they breached the rules on the sale of private data . B2C Data sold financial data of 15,000 people including details about their pension pots, incomes and investments . the second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients .
long island cardiologist Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor hurt or killed . he allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said . investigators who went to his home in Sands Point on Long Island's gold coast found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf .
queen spent her holidays at the beach at Osborne House on the island of wight . she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine . but her journeys were never easy - she would travel by train and ferry to Ryde . in 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to the royal residence .
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles . in Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover . Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president .
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2012 . she had built up a small circle of friends but was 'very much in denial' she was found hanged in her bedroom after leaving a note apologising to her family . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local branch or click here for details.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome, ticked a goal off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video . he reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts asking if he got it which he quiets her by putting up his hand . once he finishes reading it, he puts it down and freezes with shock as he takes in the news .
police were called after Kenneth Crowder, 41, was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . when police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself god . each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer . the officer then punched Crowder in the
'skinnier' model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model room mates to prepare for fashion week . the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard plus-size models and says their agents told them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' . wells' comments come days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week .
the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934 . it lets people virtually explore both above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of Inverness . the tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a Nessie peg-monster .
Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in 2013 . lesley Jonathon Cameron, 19, was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific crime . he also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead .
the first meeting of the season between the two teams lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both teams . the game was interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th . fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light .
eleven dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 . more than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000 . campaigners say the payments are 'scandalous' and 'unacceptable'
police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos . in nearby Burundi, albino youngsters are being housed in special accommodation under army protection . body parts of those with albinism prized in black magic and witchcraft .
Irina, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January, saying she felt 'ugly standing next to the wrong man' she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure .
game is based on children's favourite . Whack-a-mole but players are invited to throw food at the girl . if player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she dies . game's designers say: 'anyone can be a hero, if he is willing to help others from the bottom of his heart. start saving the day now!'
airline rivals reignited feud by posting tweets concerning their operations at Dublin airport . Ryanair shared a cheeky promotional photo in terminal 2 - where Aer Lingus fly out from . but without directly responding to the sly dig, aer lingus responded in fine form .
prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace . the newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers .
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts . first victim was 20-year-old Laura Stoughton, who interrupted the pair as they broke into her home . they abducted her and drove to an abandoned field, where Titch shot her at close range with a stolen .22-caliber rifle . five days after that, they followed the owner of a billiards hall
callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons in each of australia's eight states and territories . his ‘Eight Great States’ campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was 14 years old . the university of Sydney student has already faced his first three marathons: a 22 degree race in Hobart, 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta and freezing through an icy seven degree start
australia's Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss announces search area . 'we're very confident we're searching in the right area,' he says . the expanded search area will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis' . news comes weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed more than 5,000 kilometres away .
pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow . the 92-year-old's family were under the impression she planned to sell the house . she allowed charity Age UK to clear it out and her dog was re-homed . after returning to find the house empty, the great-grandmother has criticised the charity .
'it was truly a great honour meeting the President of United States of America,' he wrote on his Instagram account on friday . he was speaking at a town hall meeting with young leaders at the university of the west indies in Kingston . during the meeting, he asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the pose before joining him in his signature pose .
Omar Hussain, 27, from high Wycombe, first came to prominence when he appeared in a propaganda video, urging the west to send troops to fight ISIS . now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker, regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists . the lazy fighter encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media .
latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 . the tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 .
mark reckless faces uphill battle to hold on to 2,920 majority in Rochester and Strood . revelation comes after a poll showed he trailed the tories in his target seat of Thanet south .
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the united states' 'there are always going to be differences of opinion in style,' he said before explaining, to applause, that he doesn't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question might be .
pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition to hone hunting skills . the contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine hunter . many have to be killed when they encroach into built-up areas looking for food .
Dame mirren says she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s . the 69-year-old actress says it was a 'horrible' time for women . she said: 'i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s'
dress caught the attention of google executive, Eric Schmidt . he revealed that it was his inspiration for creating google images . dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own Wikipedia page .
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband of just seven months in 2011 . she refused to give up and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube . 'i didn't think that it was too big for God,' she said in an interview at the couple's Georgetown home Tuesday .
man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video trying to enter restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol . police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight . he was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to tightly when he is hit by a police Taser .
created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of la Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long . fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter - making them the smallest bullets ever invented . holds the Guinness world record for smallest working revolver, and bullets it fires also appear in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created .
underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles gave birth to healthy baby boy on Tuesday afternoon . baby James weighed in at eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth . the 30-year-old famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy .
fireman Xu weiguo climbed out on to the concrete ledge to grab suicidal woman's arm . she was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey building in china . police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment . but she became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to ledge . a colleague clambered out to help to haul her back to safety .
residents in the northern city of Aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud-like residue . no one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky .
the preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report claiming he was banner from the funeral of police shooting victim Walter Scott is 'bogus' he said he will attend a vigil in north Charleston, south carolina, the day after the funeral .
scientists detected complex organic molecules in a disk of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming . discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system . experts believe comets and asteroids seeded the young Earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve .
locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state, around 30 miles south of new Delhi . police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk . his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
cremated bone was discovered during excavations in landford, essex . it is thought to date back to 5,600 BC and was placed into a pit . three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old . pit shows ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough - at over 600 °C - to completely burn a corpse and appeared to respect the dead .
the Random Darknet Shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web . items included trainers, jeans, a set of masterkeys and 10 ecstasy tablets . the dark net is a subsection of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media . police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased .
underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as Alzheimer's than those of a healthy weight . researchers from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine analysed data on 1,958,191 patients aged 55 over nearly two decades . after nine years follow-up, 45,507 people were diagnosed with dementia .
defence minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of the Islamic State . he was appearing on 7.30 on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 troops to Iraq . the australian troops will be spending their two-year mission 'behind the wire' .
braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, ohio, on sunday night . another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . bullet struck the baby boy in the face and he was later pronounced dead . now, investigators are trying to determine where the gun came from . they also want to know who brought it into the house and left it there .
police have arrested a 26-year-old man on suspicion of murders of his mother and sister . mother, 57, and sister, 27, were found dead half a mile apart in bootle, merseyside . police have released cctv images of the man leaving the scene on tuesday . the body of his sister was found by police on thursday night . her mother was found dead of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed
the pilot, a florida postal worker, was arrested and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . he was released on his own recognizance and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week . lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security, especially amid revelations that the pilot was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago .
images show sandstorm sweeping across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the united arab emirates . it reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days . more than 450 flights were cancelled between Wednesday and friday .
the prime minister and his wife posed for selfies at the temple in Kent . they joined a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple . it comes just a day after he attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the uk .
researchers examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest Kenya, have now found a total of 99 prints . they believe they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud .
tens of thousands of australians are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology . it alters their IP address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions . HBO has warned internet users, who are watching popular TV shows such as Games of Thrones, The Sopranos and Girls, via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21 .
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward, has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy . the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated . her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's order to appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward .
corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton, gmc . he had served in the first Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and northern ireland . the 42-year-old had witnessed 'significant violence only soldiers experience' he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and fibromyalgia . his stepson questioned support given to former servicemen and women .
astronomers say 'rogue' planets could still harbour extra-terrestrials . this is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Assrophysique de Bordeaux in france . 'a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form,' claims Raymond .
the mountain lion, known as P-22, left the los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday morning . he was found by an unsuspecting alarm technician in the crawl space at midday on monday . welfare officers tried to fire a tennis ball cannon and bean bags at the lion to scare him out - a tactic that often works with coyotes . the cougar's departure was announced on twitter by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife .
the 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics . she was 'surprised' by how her fitness dropped after the birth of her daughter . the queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime .
the 44-year-old wore a frown as she left her new york apartment on tuesday . on her morning show she said: 'he was such a great man... I cannot tell you how much I will miss him. he will be missed' on sunday it was announced her friend, cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt, had committed suicide at his mansion in miami .
would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq . but the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed, with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food .
study was spawned by mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in 2012 . 12 people were killed and 70 injured during midnight screening of the show . legal proceedings alone cost $5.5 million before trial of shooter started . investigation subsequently expanded to account for all victims of gun-related violence in the us .
peggy Siegal said the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light . she said the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be 'sent around the world' the emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years .
father-of-three Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on march 27 2011 . he called police to say he was being threatened with a gun in the centre of britain . but when cctv showed no one had approached him, he died four days later . an inquest into his death at the queen Elizabeth hospital (qe) today, the victim's sister described the moment she saw him . she said: 'he couldn't move his head, couldn'
the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells . they have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them . in a chance discovery in mice, it was found that a previously unknown protein - named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body’s number of T cells . the therapy, revealed in the international journal Science last night, would use the existing T cells taken from individual patients .
number of fake tan bottles sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . artificial tanning products were hardest hit sub-sector of sun care market . but even the TOWIE crew admit the look can easily go wrong .
beatrice tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to the conservatives . she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before charges were dismissed by a judge . her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2008 . the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite her from the uk .
a woman named Michelle, 32, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings . further down the road, she said, the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand gestures at her . police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank,
the 67-year-old has become a much-loved member of the royal family . she is adored by her step-sons and close to her mother-in-law, the queen . her success is due to her charm - onlookers are impressed by her approachability .
the father of Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son's ashes, guitars and artwork . he was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, . Virginia, home march 23, 2014 . medical examiner determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . the band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes, stage antics and vulgar
detectives believe three-year-old was abducted by paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother's house in september . homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing' line of inquiry . news comes as parents of missing toddler beg for his return in heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished .
prime minister hailed the work of the Church in annual Easter message . he condemned the persecution of Christians following the massacre in Kenya . comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter .
four-year-old Gavin Tobeck was mauled by his family's newly adopted pit bull . he needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack . the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . after six days at Harborview medical center, he was released late on thursday .
jameela spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced . 29-year-old has presented the Radio 1 Chart Show and programmes for channel 4 . she thought she might have lupus, an auto-immune condition . tests suggested she had high levels of mercury .
after a stressful day of moving house, Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son . the cosmetic artist, from new zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten cockroach out of her mouth . after rushing to the bathroom to vomit, the mother of one brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth 
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two after wishing him a happy new year . he followed his victim and felled him with a single punch to the back of the head . Paul Walker, 52, was unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died . major, from blackpool, pleaded guilty to manslaughter at a court today .
the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor Barry Otto have launched their very own all female film production company . byrne believes it's about time they become strong, female leaders in film . she believes sheryl sandberg is a pioneer for women in the industry .
priest Shinjiro Kumagai is a 'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in kitakyushu, southwest japan . but after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and patrols the streets on his motorbike . he has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman .
descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have shown off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series . amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force . black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams . the soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured .
solar power in the UK has more than doubled in the past year . in the us it has grown by 30 per cent - but many current systems fail to solve the problem of how energy is managed and used overnight . Traditionally, energy gathered during the day is sent back to the grid . but this can prove costly if you need to buy it back - unless you have a smart battery that stores the excess energy . Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar
german photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120 . many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over .
the Park Hyatt New York recently hired first lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms . the Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses .
the wife of a Florida postal worker who landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol to protest campaign finance laws says her husband is a patriot . 61-year-old Doug Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . Hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions .
last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record . this was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F (0.05°C). most land areas were warmer to much warmer than average . scientists blame the heat on El Nio and climate change .
model, 19, claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young . 'my greatest fear is getting old and developing wrinkles and extra loose skin,' she says .
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and San Francisco . they rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that sells for up to $70 per pound . witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced divers who chose rough waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive .
flight 448 from Seattle to los angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma international airport on monday . passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet . it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight . the airport worker then rattles off the number of the
green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million . both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained . a female passenger in the red Ferrari was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
players of the online game are tasked with escaping their war-torn country . they choose a male or female character before attempting to flee via turkey or egypt . players choose whether to travel by land or sea as they make difficult decisions . grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers . women are sold between militia groups and refugees are beaten over head .
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, was speaking at hustings event . said wearing wristbands indicating condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers . 'the way they behave often affects the way they are treated,' she said . suggestion slammed by Deputy pm, who said it would increase stigma .
goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year . it retains some of its European flavour, a leftover from its days as a Portuguese colony .
a further 20 million unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week if the tories are re-elected . shadow chancellor said the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the conservatives in government . if standards continued to decline by 2020 millions more will face long waits in A&E .
the 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with retired marine Brian Karl Brimager . her skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in the island province of Bocas del Toro in august 2013 . brimager has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 . win, on football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money . pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying . tragedy struck when husband died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965 . she managed to reclaim some of the money after lengthy legal battle . but lost it all again from poor investments on stock market .
the city of florida police confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging . an autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed . the 65-year-old cosmetic surgeon was reportedly 'devastated' by rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . his colleague, Dr Robert Anolik, posted a moving tribute on Monday .
the unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel came as the labour leader wheeled out his children for the cameras . it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign - once for a BBC profile, again for an interview on good morning . but the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home .
underwear model and animal rights activist, 30, gave birth to baby boy this week . he was eight pounds and seven ounces at the time of his birth . the lingerie model came under fire for posting sexy selfies during pregnancy .
the prince arrived in the tiny township of Wuggubun in western australia . he took an hour-long break during a training exercise with a Norforce unit . local resident described him as 'a real delightful chap' and said he'd love to live there .
government yesterday unveiled final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich . radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes . demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund .
in the springtime, the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing weather . but there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current . all you need is a pair of pliers, a glue gun and some scissors .
the 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger is the creation of chef Sam Longhurst . he devised the mega meal after being challenged by diners to create a burger containing three different meats . it contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) it includes a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded . it also includes the lines 'i dropped to my knees and there I prayed' the song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 hit for four weeks in 1972 .
brothers, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking synthetic marijuana in their hometown of McComb, Mississippi . collapsed after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking, and had to be put on life support . they are now facing serious - and in brother's case, permanent - medical issues . mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke drug, which has wrecked sons' bodies and left youngest, Jeff, with permanent kidney
two french backpackers set alight an australian quokka on Rottnest island . they used a deodorant can and lighter to torch the defenseless creature . both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at a court in france on friday . the pair were fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days .
the two-page booklet details President Barack Obama's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA) and deferring action for parents of americans and lawful permanent residents (DAPA) policies . 'even though you cannot apply yet for the expanded DACA and new DAPA you can still prepare,' said a democratic congressman at the head of the group . critics of the pamphlet say that it encourages a false sense of security in immigrants who are in the country illegally .
the #grannyhair trend is still going strong for women the world over . but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look . this week, Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting grey hairs .
a study published last week suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia . those who were overweight (with a BMI of 25 to 29) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy BMI . being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent . but lead researcher said it was no excuse to pile on the pounds .
teenager from central china has been labelled 'too beautiful to look at' she has 400,000 followers on her weibo account - a hybrid of twitter and facebook . one of the comments about the girl has over 24,000 likes on internet portal .
police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier . in both cases Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on second . his sister-in-law has said that she feared she might have been next . 'that was his doing. I did not authorize that policy,' she said .
sickening footage shows crazed husband smashing wife's head into concrete . he then shoots her in the face five times at pointblank range . dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, belonged to a dance troop called jaula das gostozuedas . she was killed by her husband after he yelled at her that she was a 'slut'
critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items are being handed out when the NHS is rationing routine treatments . prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available .
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, tennessee was five months pregnant when she went into a coma . a month later, doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family refers to as Baby L, who she saw for the first time on tuesday . the 20-year-old was driving home from a concert in december when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad they believed she would never recover .
a 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous NSA whistle-blower was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours Monday . the artists spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the former spy agency contractor . they hoisted it to the top of a Revolutionary War memorial and secured it with an adhesive material .
education secretary has ordered officials to start 'mapping pressures' on schools . comes less than six months after she said it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants . immigration has played a low-key role in the tory election campaign to date .
four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'boston' were placed at the site . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors . the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the attack, helped unwrap one of the flags on the street . also at the ceremony was Jeff Bauman, who lost both legs in the bombings . 'we're here to pay tribute to the people
the fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January . but it still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat . fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets Chipotle's strict standards . farmers are wary of the increased production cost for premium, antibiotic-free pork and worry about finding people to pay an appropriate price .
brae carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill . the amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transsexual individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . on top of that, carnes revealed that it is scary to go into a men's public bathroom as a woman .
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home in red hill, Canberra in 2012 . forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event .
a 15-year-old girl plunged 19 storeys to her death in an apparent suicide . her father, 57, was arrested after she was charged with 'wilful neglect' he was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged her birth, and that of her 14-year old sister, had not been registered . he has not been charged and is currently on bail . the couple refused to comment as they left the court in a black Mercedes .
Kevin Dixon, 35, took fiend's dog out for a walk to help her out . he then hit the animal seven times with an axe - killing the animal . was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years .
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown, Sheffield . his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook saying 'he was going to end it' his mother called the police, but by the time she got to the station, his body had already been found on the line .
Scott Kemery, 44, accidentally set himself on fire in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in eastport, new york . he told police that a friend had told him the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol . but he then made the near fatal mistake of lighting a cigarette in the car .
today is the 150th anniversary of the surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant in Appomattox, Virginia . a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865 .
a Manhattan real estate publicist and freelance writer has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick . six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room' she also wrote to Ira Einhorn, a hippie who helped to found earth day .
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . she was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service, register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years and participate in any recommended treatment .
thief casually approaches a white 4x4 outside a house in north london . within two seconds he opens the door and gets into the driver's seat . just seconds later he manages to start up the engine and reverse the car . the metropolitan police are appealing for information in a bid to track down the man .
pensioner wrote to council complaining about lack of action over fly-tipping . he signed off email with: 'that's why i'll be voting Ukip' Ben Grower, leader of authority's labour group, replied: . formal complaint has been lodged against the 65-year-old councillor . but he stood by his comments, saying 'ukip is a racist party'
a facebook page mocking returned australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media . 'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January . the administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'
olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to new york . authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they pulled her aside to conduct a search . after patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes .
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't . and the effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture .
white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several 'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board . her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking . but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s' . after the shocking image was posted online, the girl, who was a member of the campus's Kappa Delta Chapter sor
jericho Scott became an internet star when he was told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine . the budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before being told to sit or switch positions . when his manager sent him out to pitch after the ban was issued, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured .
the latest casualty are boxes of Cadbury's Fingers which will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on . they join Creme eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna .
Rihanna Cooper, 21, was accepted for gender reassignment at 16 . but part way through treatment, stress became too much and she called a halt . she is now working as an escort to fund her dreams of becoming a woman .
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, is battling multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer . she posted an emotional video on her facebook page showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . the married mother of two said she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue airport on Kauai when an airline representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything . when
66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the premier league's greatest ever goals . he picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot . the shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away . as it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget .
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has heard from alleged victims . a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age . another victim claims she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11 .
the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in 2014 . according to a Denver police department report, the TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security . the female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .
the queen was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the 2012 olympics . her grandson, prince william, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport' he said: 'she did such a good performance that she's been asked to star in the next Bond film' last week, she was seen cheering on her filly, Ring of Truth .
Kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the last mile, the world's only prison-based tech incubator . the program teaches inmates how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony .
jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family . their son Floyd-Henry has a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia . he was diagnosed with the condition at five months old . his parents were 'utterly shocked' when they found out he had twins . they released a video explaining the condition to their friends . the twins were born at 37 weeks on march 20 .
former economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004 . in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said: ‘we “dated” fleetingly in 2004. very costly few weeks it turns out’ . miss Flanders accused the media of ‘raking over’ Mr Miliband’s past in the run-up to the election .
Medics told family of Margaret Hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours . family claim she was put on discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment . they claim post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six, and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished .
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but after interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000 . the relationship between the toddler and the man who allegedly punched the boy has not yet been revealed by police .
Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting . the 33-year-old was arrested at the store in knightsbridge on tuesday . dossena scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league .
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel . the study was carried out by yougov's head of political research . it looked at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted . three most likely to vote tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline .
officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north Charleston, south Carolina, on Saturday . his attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . he said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the north Charleston police officer to
the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old actor was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel . publicist Leslie Sloane said on Sunday that the man fled the scene . in an email, Brian Montague from Vancouver police said the star was not injured in the incident . Reynolds has been in the city over the past several weeks shooting scenes for his new film, Deadpool .
a Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat . they include: 'all men marry earlier but short men stay married longer' and, 'More home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month'
according to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . there’s even a word for it — ‘nomophobia’, the fear of being without a working mobile . sir James Dyson, inventor of Dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in us-based battery experts Sakti3 .
the 25-year-old actress has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of . her career began when she landed the role of Hermione Granger in 2001 . she is now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women's movements .
the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday . it said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech .
father, 38-year-old Uriel Miranda and two children, aged eight and two, were killed after their SUV rolled over on a highway . the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn on the florida turnpike . eight-year old Yordi Miranda died Sunday at a hospital .
police in canada have also charged a former nurse with criminal negligence . it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada . the 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and will appear in court again on may 29 .
Tewksbury police department was hit with a form of malware called CryptoLocker . the program infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old, so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency .
a woman's noisy neighbour has issued a cheeky reply to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways . he claims only the deaf and those buried in the cemetery would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home . after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, he posted an equally cheeky response on his facebook page opening with 'my dearest Lucy' .
the cushioned running tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo . all of the blue lanes lead towards departures, while the red track leads to arrivals . in each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals and directions to nearby restaurants .
digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in north london . at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold . rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire . there he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero .
the USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration (NOAA) said on Thursday . veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation crossroads on July 1, 1946 . after taking part in yet another explosion, it was
rodgers was fined £400 and £375 costs at blackburn magistrates' court . he left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . pair had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish, but the house was left to rot . house is located in an area which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project .
american band are inspired by a feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' their songs feature violent imagery that bemoans 'boys' and 'all the work they require'
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a teddy at his local swimming pool . he put his hand inside the machine's hatch - but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . it took workers half an hour to free the four-year-old .
there are plenty of DIY 'solutions' to keep a bouquet fresh, but most of these can actually damage the delicate flowers . a professional florist can pull these tricks off - just read our guide .
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa . he has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
unt Tun maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient . he asked the teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts . after the incident, she texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused . when she visited another doctor a few months later with another chest infection, she panicked while being examined .
research analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden . sons and brothers are four to five times more likely to be convicted than men . genetic material from both parents is passed on, but traits are developed through interaction between genes and environment .
Kim Rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to influence voters . the 57-year-old put on sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees for event . he branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and 'daft' .
the reality star took her family to Jerusalem's old city on monday to visit the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion . they fended off swooning fans as they entered the historic building . archbishop Aris Shirvanian confirmed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony .
the 44-year-old man had just returned from a holiday in Algeria . he wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced on his trip . the incident was shared by the police press office on its facebook page .
police are investigating whether woman lied about being related to victim . she allegedly flew to southern french Alps twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins . alleged culprit will be questioned, police spokesman in hoexter says . airbus a320 crashed last month killing all 150 people on board en route to dusseldorf from Barcelona .
jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from rockland, . Massachusetts, to see the ancient world . but he fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear . he was taken to a hospital in the Greek capital by ambulance . his death follows that of Joshua Rose, 17, who died suddenly on October 1 from an unknown cause .
when Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . after her birth, doctors told the family it was a critical period, but a week later they were thrilled to bring her home . the family have been celebrating every day with Angela since as they know life could be short for their sick daughter .
memo from firm's retail chief said customers won't be able to buy watch in store 'through the month of May' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' it was expected to launch on 24 April .
former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit . asked on newsnight if he would confirm there would be 'no more changes' he said: 'there is a huge amount of welfare spending that can be reduced without having any impact on people with disabilities'
the town of Buzim, north west bosnia, has more than 200 sets of twins . local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . he found that during the war, there were at least 21 sets, however the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape the fighting and escape poverty .
16-year-old filmed meowing in distress as he threw kitten against door . he claimed he was 'accidentally' high on super-strength cannabis . the kitten was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater . she was in such a sorry state that she had to be put to sleep .
up to 120,000 people have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness . almost one in 20 suffer some sort of complication . private hospital in Harley street is calling for tighter regulations .
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances . the 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family', using his restaurant as a 'focal point' he was convicted of the charges against him by a jury at the old Bailey in five hours .
the 918 Spyder rockets down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road in the outback . it was driven by professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle . the $900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km-h top speed in just 40 seconds .
police will begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body this week . her remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney . detectives who are leading the investigation will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused 24-year-old murderer . it has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding, confirming transportation for guests .
the video was captured at Whipsnade Zoo near Dunstable, Bedfordshire . it shows six elephants walking along a path - five of which walk in single file . the baby elephant manages to break the elephant chain with its back .
the items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, new jersey . the collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made .
ancient Greek and Latin sign erected outside university building in Cambridge . it warns bikes will be 'removed or destroyed' if left behind building . but expert says message contains grammatical errors and is 'amusing'
letizia, 42, wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress to the woman awards . the mother-of-two also unveiled a sharp new bob hair cut . with her was actress salma Hayek, 48, who was there to receive an award .
aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from troubled giants like Tesco . the discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last years . it's another chapter in the shopping revolution which has seen shoppers flock away from the big three .
veteran CBS News moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer . it's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking . 'it's been a great adventure,' he said at the college .
professor at the Massachusetts institute of technology cuts her head with scissors . graduate student then uses electronic razor to shave the rest of her hair off . video posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website to teach people about different methods of studying the brain .
female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles . all of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State . the radical women are shown shouting religious slogans and re-iterating their devotion to jihad .
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, near the college campus, about 3 p.m. local reports say she was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat . her older roommate, 30-year-old Steven Vander Briel, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house . police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction .
jihadi, now known as Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in africa . but changed his mind after two of his friends were killed by western spies . instead he travelled to syria where he became synonymous with beheading videos . according to a 29-year-old Syrian, he was 'obsessed' with the terror group . he constantly spoke about the fighting in Somalia and was angry about it .
newington College in Stanmore in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case . he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, sued last week, accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act . 7-year-old Joshua Drake developed epilepsy after getting Botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy . the cause of death was not entirely conclusive and was ruled as atypical pneumonia, a common complication associated with botox overdoses .
Mackenzie Moretter, 10, has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development, which makes it hard for her to socialize . her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP . so her mother Jenny Moretter went on facebook and posted in several local groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by their home on Saturday . more than 700 people joined an event titled, 'Mac
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years . she found inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in new york . her project, Inside Views, finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping .
high-flying tory MP faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the tweets . at an extraordinary pre-trial hearing, the former diplomat was accused of posting tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters . the trial, due to take place in June, was originally set for Bristol Crown Court, 30 miles from Gloucester .
the research, carried out in Milan, backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs . co-founder Dr Claire Guest said the charity's research found a 93% reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer . she hailed the new study, describing the findings as 'spectacular'
mother of two, known affectionately as Etch, died on April 8 . she was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR . her husband has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook .
police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted vigilantes . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station . trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in durban .
the claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo . he said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch . it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly . apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday .
two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested a month after the suicide of 12-year-old Rebecca sedwick in lakeland, florida . authorities claimed they bullied her online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself' but the charges were dropped when police filed to find evidence of harassment . the girl's family has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's department .
paleontologists at the university of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001 . one is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . they believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones . oviraptors had broader and longer chevron bones in their tails so they could shake their feather-tipped tail to woo potential mates .
the men were accused of being Assad agents, working for the regime . they were blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van . one by one they are beheaded by a fighter dressed in black and unidentifiable .
singing dog's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music . but it is believed she had a fake jaw triggered by a remote control . ofcom received 21 complaints over the 'cruel' stunt . bgt defended the act saying it complied with guidelines .
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear a tuxedo, it was not acted on by school faculty . the decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything personal, principal Patrick
noelle Reno confirms she split up with her partner of five years before his death . he fell 60ft from her fourth-floor flat in west london on to metal railings below . she also labels his death as a 'suicide', pre-empting any coroner's verdict .
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams . 81 to 90 per cent of patients with the condition will develop a neurodegenerative disorder, a study found .
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman, Oklahoma . Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated . officers from Norman Police were met by a boy, thought to be Wright's brother, who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation . once inside the residence, officers found a
two robbers used sledgehammer and axe to try and break in to jewellery shop . worker barricaded the door and they fled on a motorbike . police have appealed for the public to help identify the offenders .
the city of Naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon . the super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs . official records state the population is just over 924,000, though any photographs taken would beg to differ .
a well-known band from catalonia created a tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela . the group composed the song after experiencing a 'lack of respect shown by flight attendants' some passengers even joined in and sang along as the band sang the chorus .
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years for burglary . she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly residents out of cash . caught after she was spotted loitering in communal hall of retirement home . man, 80, and woman, 81, were fleeced in two separate attacks . police issued CCTV images of her hanging around outside complex .
the fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black, but are shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes . combining trusty black with elegant navy is both chic and flattering . the duchess of cambridge is rarely spotted in dresses that don't come in her favourite dark navy and black .
holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball be fired from wooden trebuchet . sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse . the thatched building overlooks the river Avon within the castle grounds . witnesses described the panic as the fire took hold at about 5.45pm yesterday .
the Airbus A319 flew two circuits around the island's international airport . it was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline's pilots to a member of cabin crew . the couple got married at the airport earlier that day .
surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana . as the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay . Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his
tourism group Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine . not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or easily treated .
the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia . he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years . one of his sons said he was 'almost deaf' and couldn't hold a pen .
the duchess of cambridge shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London . at the party, the 33-year-old chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon . 'he went to the china cabinet, opened it and proclaimed "daddy is not here,"' he said .
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born on April 4 less than three months after her father, a heart surgeon, was shot dead at a Boston hospital by a patient's son . her husband, dr. Michael Davidson, was killed at the hospital on January 20 . his wife, Dr. Terri Halperin, and daughters Kate, 10, Live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, Graham, were also in the hospital . 'he was very much looking forward to the birth of this beautiful baby
'abu Hamza al-Britani' has been living in a house with a group of unmarried fighters . the loveless 22-year-old travelled to the de facto capital city of Raqqa in 2014 . he is now living with his best friend, a Belgian fighter known as Abu Mariya al-Belgiki . all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor .
around 1.3 billion people in china marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' by travelling home to their ancestral villages . families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones . a bell was rung from the top of the city's temple, while the drums were struck 34 times, one for each of china's provinces .
shadow Welsh secretary says party cannot 'get rid' of Trident nuclear deterrent . three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping the round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike .
only a third of the public see the labour leader as a 'capable leader' just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis', according to poll . almost two-thirds of public say the PM isn't in touch with their lives .
HBO NOW channel is available on the apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad . it comes ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones . service is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month . this includes all past, present and future HBO programming . comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the box .
the president arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries . on a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981, Obama was shown a trophy room where marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display .
model, 29, posted picture of her thighs showing off her stretch marks . she said: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!' singer hit back at critics who fat shamed her for outfit she wore to charity event .
the australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country . it is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City . the two-week return journey to Vietnam could cost $2.8 million of tax payers money .
Liam dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications . he died in march last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault . law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person's death if it happened more than a year before . but police are considering manslaughter charges after his death .
disgraced former governor was sentenced to two years in federal prison and his wife, Maureen, to one year and a day . he was convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements . his lawyers argued that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme 
police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification . 16 rallies were scheduled across the country, with events in Sydney and Melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowd .
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk . the old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into a drainage ditch . his father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find him .
workers at Windsor castle say they earn as little as £14,700 despite working for the 'country's richest family' public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free . 76 wardens out of 180 at the castle will refuse to host tours of the Great Kitchen and the Tower .
dramatic images capture moment four officers take down tracksuit-wearing man . he is just yards from a police sign which read: 'Possession of cannabis is illegal' crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event . campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana and listening to speakers .
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014 . despite this, the uk increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion . it comes on top of even larger increases in previous years .
the 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate . a spokesperson for the couple said that 'her parents, fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren' .
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival, Meron Simon . but a crowd of more than 3,000 saw the distance evaporate after he raised his hands in pre-emptive joy . the gesture opened the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second .
between friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel . it is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe . 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels . nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya .
festival-goers who attend outdoor concerts like Coachella are at risk to contract diseases like the flu, norovirus, salmonella, and even hepatitis a . new permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private stalls . even spending time around so many people outside of the restrooms can be a breeding ground for infections and health problems .
the company will store users' funds in multiple federally-insured banks . this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their Wallet Balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banks up to $250,000 . Currently, Google's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC . but a spokesperson told Yahoo Finance that the current policy has changed .
foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 . but they made up 8.7 per cent in 2013 according to a report from the pew research center . with 3.8 million immigrants already living in the u.s., the center estimates 16.5 per cent will be comprised of immigrants by 2060 . 50 per cent hail from the Caribbean, while 36 per cent come from Africa .
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast . this is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from the leader of the church and other prominent scientologists . it mirrors the decision taken by British publishers transworld to cancel their release of Lawrence Wright's Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and the Prison of Belief .
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8% in a year . they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363 . the other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies – Chesham and amersham; Windsor; Beaconsfield; and Dorking and Leatherhead – are in the Home Counties .
first of 12 mass graves on the banks of the Tigris river began to give up their secrets . 'dozens' of ID cards belonging to the army cadets were found last week . highest estimate for the number of recruits killed by ISIS is about 1,700 . families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers .
18-year-old was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . doctors told him they would not operate due to how deep the tumour was . after a week of campaigning, the casino teenager is nearly there . he is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target .
afzal Khan, 32, is accused of conning customers and financial firms . he has been placed on the FBI's most wanted list over claims he conducted a multi-million pound luxury car scam . federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest .
Nicolas Diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter, Amber Diaz, and her former partner, Kevin Rivera, got into a dispute at their home in the early hours of sunday . the couple had just returned to the apartment after celebrating their daughter's first birthday party . he allegedly stabbed him with a knife, before fleeing the scene . when medics arrived at the property, they discovered him with chest wound .
girl, 6, sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground . but police are powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in england is ten . officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class, says girl's mother . she says she has now had to move the girl to a new school .
eight judges of the european court of human rights have delivered a landmark ruling . they undermined the idea that no foreigner should be thrown out of a country if it interferes with their right to a family life .
police searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep . jennie Anne and Raymond Keith Kehlet were last seen on march 22 . the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors . their campsite was intact, with their two vehicles, trailers and quad bike parked at the site were also unharmed .
surveyor, 59, assaulted his mother, 92, at her house while carer was out . he left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her wrist that needed stitches . judge noel Lucas, sentencing, branded attack 'horrific' and said it was 'unforgivable'
footballer filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' footage appears to show him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon . anti-drugs charity has called on the 'role model' player to apologise .
levar Jones, 36, was shot in the stomach by a white officer during a traffic stop . he writhed in agony on the ground, calling the officer 'Sir' and pleading to know why he was shot . the incident was captured on the officer's dash cam . policeman Sean Groubert, 31, has been sacked and charged with felony assault .
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury's store in coventry . she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two officers came 'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . miss copeland was issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following incident . but she refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated . eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton magistrates
'Spice', also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri . over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week . 'they are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects on the brain,' said the state department of health .
more than half of children in the uk don't have any veg or fruit . 44% of children have no fruit on a daily basis . mother-of-one Annabel Karmel shares her feeding wisdom .
campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accuse director of public prosecutions of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear cover-up . one of her predecessors said allegations should have been resolved in the 'full public glare of a courtroom' but the row shows no sign of abating as further details of the claims levelled against the 86-year-old Labour life Peer are made public .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for . four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
culture and media secretary set out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk .
the comedian labels the pair's efforts to import 8kg of heroin as into Australia as 'daft drug smuggling' he urges his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign . the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed 'Execution Island' in Java . Brand also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of Sukumaran's work organised by his cousin .
Oxford's women's rowing team beat their male colleagues for the first time . they finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead of the men . american Olympic gold medallist and world champion caryn Davies was the most experienced rower on the river .
the baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment in bartlesville, Oklahoma, with bites on her legs and head . while she slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated nearby . it is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there . the medical examiner found abrasions on Alice's legs caused by bites .
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises .
high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat . he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge . one plan is to keep him as chief secretary to the Treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the house of Lords . other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are former leaders Charles Kennedy and Sir Menzies Campbell .
video shows deputies punching and kicking alleged horse thief for two minutes . in video, 30-year-old is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing . second later, two officers catch up to him and stun him with a Taser . they then kick him again, and again, as he lies face-down on the ground . as the camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick him in head and crotch . 'chillingly, after beating,
Churchill Downs, which hosts the 141st running of the Kentucky Derby on may 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks . the pole-like contraptions grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits . other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned their use . selfie sticks aren't allowed inside Yankee Stadium . some english premier league soccer teams make the devices off-limits, and
catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots . she has worked on stars including kim Kardashian, miley cyrus and beyoncé . the bite-sized series is aptly titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, new york .
the 71-year-old has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party . he said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be 'no surprises' he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder .
counterfeit drug gang jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake Viagra . gang offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world . judge described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise'
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she accepted bribes . she was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton . the centrist politician has strenuously denied the claims against her .
face wipes have been a lazy part of our beauty regime for years now . but a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads — promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also retexturise and brighten skin . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids and skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice .
murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination . it is thought the gunman used a silencer and it took place away from cameras . part-time builder was lured to upmarket street on pretence of building work . but when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat . he shot him several times and was found 'perfectly parked' on side of road .
the 28-year-old, who hails from new jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia . the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office . 'i’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f-----g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video . she has been suspended for one week and could face further
the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on July 1, 1969 . but behind the scenes, the prime minister was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles . the government sent metropolitan police officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists .
swastika and word 'scum' sprayed in white paint on offices in Aberdeen . a 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some say stands for quisling . it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced .
the suspect, who hasn't been named, was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam . he abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot . the suspect is currently in the Birmingham city jail .
lawrencium currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides . but new research suggests the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body . if it is redrawn, it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
the Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals . the firm used the world bank's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . in Madagascar, lemurs are one of the most at risk species, and there are 105 recognised species of lemur, of which 24 are critically endangered, 49 are endangered and 20 are vulnerable .
beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old precious Richardson Coleman, who believed she was trying to steal her boyfriend . Spence's mother, Danika, had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese, but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter . the unattended food cooking on the stove went up in flames, causing a housefire .
each state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the world . in new york, there's a tendency to use the word 'so' for drama, such as 'didn't nobody help him' in florida, 'i ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em' and 'you are so in the Doghouse for that on'
boxer, 26, admitted killing nine-year-old girl's guinea pigs by squeezing the life out of them . he also admitted assaulting his former partner at her home in blackpool . skivington also damaged a £740 television and iPad during the attack .
monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family . he was arrested on friday at the border near San Diego and is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces rape charges .
callum Butler was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin . his mother, Amanda, 42, was told an infection called bacterial vaginosis was to blame . condition affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush . pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to miscarry and twice as likely to give birth prematurely .
madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . 'Dealers Choice! My favorite new handbag by Mawi!', followed by dice, gun and love heart emoticons .
'if I should die, think only this of me: / that there’s some corner of a foreign field / That is forever England' before then, Brooke was known only in literary circles . but when the newspapers reprinted the following day, he became famous . his death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice.
the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . highest amounts occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela . the map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite .
the former prime minister and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years . the two-storey property still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago . it was snatched up by applied economics professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica .
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having 'no pizzazz' the 59-year-old claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to 'gender discrimination' and seeks compensatory damages .
hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper . judges gave the award to the Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent . literary critic Craig Brown was nominated this time as Arts Reviewer of the Year .
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters by putting on a spread at a party event . he was never arrested or charged but was questioned by police over 'treating' he poked fun at allegations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes for officers . but when he emerged 30 minutes later he revealed officers had refused to accept treats .
the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening . but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared . prince george's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
cathleen hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent crown court . she allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections . no-one attended the early morning cremation of her son in 2010 . hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains .
Trinity Culley secretly watched tv's 'one born every minute' in her bedroom . but when her mother went into labour two weeks early, she sprang into action . she calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay . within minutes she delivered her sister, jasmin Elizabeth-Rose, 7lb 1oz .
the island of Providenciales, in the Turks and Caicos, consistently ranks as one of the world's best beaches . the island, north-east of Cuba, edging Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras . rounding out the top five were Santorini in Greece, which was named the best island in Europe .
reality tv star, 30, has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to intense exercise regime . has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique . recently attended a Kardashian Beauty hair care event in west hills, california .
images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres . they show variations in surface materials and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . the 'alien' spots on the surface, named feature 1 and feature 5, show up in visible light images as bright flashes in comparison to the rest of the dwarf planet's surface .
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . after coming into contact with water - or blood, sweat and tears - the sufferer develops painful, itchy hives that spread over the affected area . these can last anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour-and-a-half .
three men accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of insurgents . they were blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop in eastern afghanistan . used AK-47s, they were shot in the head at point-blank range . as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground, plumes of dust shot into the air .
mother and ten ducklings spotted trying to cross busy high street . staff dashed to help them across and followed them back to the office . they ushered the family out of a back door to safety and they then disappeared into a nearby park .
Jason McDonald, 34, walked the thin rope over a pool containing more than 50 alligators at the Colorado Gator Farm . crematory manager said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . 'the first time we set it up they approached but didn't get very close,' he said . his parents have reservations about his daring antics but he has plans to take his hobby further .
250,000 birds slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus identified . virus caused 400 deaths and hundreds of millions of poultry in 2005-2006 . india has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza .
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits for stars . they were dubbed 'mr and Mrs music' after composing for artists including Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Scott Walker, Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark . when Trent died last month, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due for some of their compositions .
an arbitrator determined farryn Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination . he also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones . Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages .
primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey . the primate was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens . researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it .
scientists brace themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china . they have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells . many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea . others argue that the technology could be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers .
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal . paves the way for London's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 tube stations . iphone users on EE will find their calls connect through the internet when they have no service signal - great for when mobile signal is unavailable .
'if there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment, it is the defendant. however, we must overcome the impulse for vengeance,' they said . the couple who lost a leg each in the blast said their position is highly emotional and practical .
ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force . he was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime .
officer jared forsyth, 33, was wearing a bulletproof vest during firearms training . the round entered through his arm and went through his chest . he was rushed to a hospital in critical condition, but died several hours later .
'i was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News . 'one night I tried to brush my teeth on the tour bus and couldn't even stand. I thought I was dying. I had complete weakness and fatigue,' she said .
the five-star hotel is located in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district . all rooms feature hermes bath products, plenty of silk draping and a swimming pool . guests can rent out the spa and pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling .
german discounter has won increasing share of the market since recession . now lags behind only the ‘big four’ - Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and the Co-operative .
the 29-year-old model and chef posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram . hundreds of women have taken to the social networking site to share theirs . some have shared pictures of their stomachs while others have shown their legs and bums - with the hashtag #loveyourlines . stretch marks are thin lines that appear on the surface of the skin . they usually affect the stomach, bottom or leg areas .
the move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences . if introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of the uk .
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding . she also stole £5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles and £35,000 from previous employer . started £40,000-a-year job as personal assistant at insight investment firm . but she embezzled £17,000 using colleagues' credit cards - including £600 flowers .
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia . the 23-year-old became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star . she landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
the 25-year-old cousin of princes William and Harry embraced the trend . looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie . protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses .
students at Melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . 'Class A' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets . although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption .
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta state university . she refused to let the flag go, saying it belongs to 'the entire united states' video footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to ground . manhart was demoted when she appeared nude in playboy magazine .
drug rehab network Narcocon is trying to prove that a 40-acre plot of land near the presidential retreat Camp David is historic enough to build a center for 12 addicts . the current zoning laws for Trout Run, which includes a collection of stone cottages, classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose for the site . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current laws for the land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .
two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou . it has eight air purifiers 24 hours a day to provide fresher air . a label is put on every table stating there is an air-purifying fee .
lib dem leader promises to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction . car tax would rise by £25-a-year, but he scaled back plans for a mansion tax . set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from tax avoidance . mocked osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found .
Marc Macrae was election agent for the SNP's Westminster leader . he said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . but he is backing tory candidate Douglas Ross to oust him in moray .
residents say housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area . they say the estate will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits . the housing association said the works had been planned well in advance .
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure . he donated millions to find the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist spot in Tennessee .
two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones as Tabitha Bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey, florida .
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth . the group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19 . they were just 10 metres from the choppy waters below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another .
the 28-year-old came out as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend . she decided to create her own dating app when the ones that were available weren't up to the job . 'i can't ever imagine not doing it and being prepared to give it up'
four underage frat boys were busted on an Alabama interstate on monday . they were accused of towing 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine to Gulf Shores for spring break celebrations . the four were asked to stop by officers as they were hauling a trailer with an expired tag .
the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' the sign referred to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Jenna Louise Driscoll fronted Brisbane court for failing to appear on April 7 . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . she has been charged with seven counts of supplying or trafficking drugs, one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality .
sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria . his father, dada, confirmed his death to SBS radio . sharky was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management . he reportedly fled to syria with his friend to join the terror group .
mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a 10-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked for seven years at the BBC's financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager . but according to her husband, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders . legal experts described the case as 'highly unusual' but predicted it could be followed by similar claims .
'it's a stain on me that will be with me until I go to my grave,' said Glenn Ford as he walked into his home last week . the 65-year-old was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being released from prison in angola last year . former prosecutor Marty Stroud apologized in a powerful letter published in the shreveport times last month . 'i was arrogant, judgmental, narcissistic
police found a body in the riverina region of NSW on friday night . it is believed to be the 26-year-old teacher who went missing days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years . her sister asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in her memory . hundreds of women around the country hung up their wedding dresses under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow .
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters . despite the fact that the country has been used in filming as far back as 1920, well-known fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation . but there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar or Prometheus .
former aide to ed miliband was at the Kremlin with her aunt . she was photographed alongside Putin and sheikh hasina . tories accuse her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin . they claim she appears to have gone to great lengths to cover up trip .
pub landlord arrested last July on suspicion of perverting course of justice . 47-year-old released from bail after providing information to detectives . miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in north Yorkshire in 2009 . she was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised .
BBC trust chairman has said she wants to stay for a least another year . but two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her . she has been under mounting pressure to quit both lucrative positions .
wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive . assange has said that the data belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company . he has defended the move saying that the entertainment giant has links to the democratic party and the american 'military industrial complex'
'Vulcan Aerospace' will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems . project will launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude . this will avoid the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth .
comics at the BBC must go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord hall . it comes after a 'difficult few years' following the Sachsgate scandal .
grant Allen, 38, travelled around the world with his girlfriend, Gaynor Godwin . he bought a holiday home on the Costa del sol, Spain, using criminally gained money . the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 .
jilted lover sent revenge porn to victim's 18-year-old daughter . he threatened to post a sex video on the mother's facebook page . she said her life became an 'absolute nightmare' after he bombarded her . cotterill, 42, jailed last week after admitting causing grievous bodily harm .
the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year due to her 'cool and quintessentially British edge' she says the top tip she's picked up is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone . the IT girl has been busy partying at Coachella festival with her famous friends .
the Mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people . the site has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence . ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection .
the Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess Anne home . father rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the university of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday . men, women and children, some in funeral attire and others donning T-shirts reading 'The Todd Family: Gone but
the 26-year-old was spotted at the Bahrain grand prix, according to an onlooker . she was with her long-term boyfriend, who was among dignitaries on the starting grid . beatrice receives no public funding but her jet-set lifestyle has raised eyebrows .
the Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences . it uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator . the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines .
in Lisa Erspamer's third collection of tributes, celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all wrote letters of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .
a federal jury in salt lake city on . Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to marcia . Eisenhour . the jury found that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection . storey wrote in 2007 'i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the 'most gorgeous thing alive'
Victorino Chua penned what he called a 'bitter nurse confession' he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' in 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten english . he is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at Stepping hill hospital in stockport .
model Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to 'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with 'someone special' accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' the image, one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted 750 'likes', as well as a tir
Lee Thompson co-founded the flashpacking tour company with a group of nine . he captured images from a single 14-day trip to southeast asia . in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters .
Claudia Martins, 33, suffocated her newborn baby daughter in a suitcase . she had a 'momentary abnormality of mental functioning', court heard . a court heard she was suffering from a condition known as 'pathological denial of pregnancy' she 'intended' to dispose of baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in plastic bag and towels . but paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital .
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse . found with distorted face when she was visited by her grandson, 25 . when he asked nurses for help they said she was 'just tired' and 'on a break' it was not until an hour had passed that she was finally assessed by a doctor . he arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at royal London hospital . but she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks
the winning punter, from mittagong in southern new south wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening . he said he and his wife had been 'struggling' before the win . two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday 14 April .
police say 90-year-old Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back and beaten to death in his own home . he was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked . they have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest . close friend described him as a 'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model .
Known only as 'gulnaz', the woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah . a Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal . now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry the rapist so that her daughter, Smile, could live a normal life in the capital
three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership in Michigan . they kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens . owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work . he is offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the thugs .
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College . he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse . the career coach has more than 20 years of experience .
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' she said it had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse .
the Canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen . the stunt saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne . DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt .
five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st . the king of the Continental Giant breed is the size of an average child .
cpl. burt hazeltine, 36, was directing school buses in the town of Paradis, just west of new orleans, when he was shot three times . a male suspect, 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers . police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect he suffers from mental health issues .
fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for hassan Hussain and Yassin James . they gunned down innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss in the street . she sheltered them 'hours after the murder' before telling officers she did not remember them being in her home . but she was today handed a suspended sentence by a judge .
megan huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to killing six newborns and stashing their bodies in garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, utah . a judge today handed her six terms of five years to life in prison . but her 'cold and calculated' crimes were recounted to the court . she told police that she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them . her mother, Joyce, took to the stand to tear
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a grand procession on Wednesday by the Ridgefield police department . he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . the german shepherd worked with the department for eight years as a police dog . residents lined the streets of the town as they watched the cop cars drive by .
more than 250 mourners gathered at all saints church in bexhill-on-sea, east Sussex, for Hayley's funeral . in a letter to the 17-year-old's parents he described her as 'an inspiration to millions' there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk .
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds . they are placed on specific parts of the face - neck, jowls, forehead and around eyes . vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles and lessen appearance of wrinkles .
shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' comes after tories pledged to increase spending by £8billion a year by 2020 . but he refused to say how he will find the money ahead of manifesto launch .
astonishing video captures moment two planes landed in sync at airport . passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to film the landings . the planes, one an american airlines, landed at the same time on adjacent runways at San Francisco International Airport .
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC's world service programme . he claimed the films are anti-women, anti-gay and full of social problems . said the bad guy is black, has a deep voice and listens to rap music . but despite being a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the show .
german teacher Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children . her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs . she said she was 'shocked' when ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets .
pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive .
'orange man' lost his iphone in new york city and ended up in southeastern china . he received the phone as a gift but forgot to wipe its contents . photos of orange trees and fireworks started showing up on his stream . the pair eventually met up and he was granted celebrity status .
this is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments . scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site, before creating a computer model based on those figures . this
the case was originally devised as an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version . it will feature an eight-way D-pad, two action buttons, a Start and Select button, and a battery that can be charged through the phone . game itself will appear on the iPhone's screen, and the firm said these features may change as the project develops .
davion only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . he stood before his church in 2013 and made a heartbreaking plea for a family to 'love him forever' three years later he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .
malijah grant, 1, was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside Seattle . her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside and the driver and a passenger opened fire before driving off . police say they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured .
the unidentified woman walked on to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon . she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down . the woman agreed to be rescued and was lifted off the bridge 'so she could be with her'
Deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal . he said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the 'ideological gimmicks' of Mr Gove, who was the first tory education secretary when coalition was formed in 2010 .
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in early hours of January 5 . woke coughing and sneezing and told girlfriend he was not feeling well . by the time his girlfriend got up at 7.30am, the man was gone . fisherman came upon his decomposed body in lake lanier a month later .
humans of new york photographer shared image of a woman whose name is beyoncé . the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . users expressed their annoyance at having the same name as the wife of Jay-z .
photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox home in Israel has revealed the fascinating rituals and customs performed by his community . his photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong his life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride . he admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, ‘look strange’ .
the first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' 'i am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy,' she added . the 53-year-old is also the first gay man to hold the position . 'for the last four years, Jeremy has worked tirelessly to open the doors of the white house to as many people as possible'
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014 . in 2012, that number was 94.9 percent . for women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent were . childless last year, researchers found . 47.6 percent of females ages 15 to 44 was childless, highest it's ever been .
two FBI agents and two uniformed officers pulled off one of the top experts on counter-threat intelligence in the wold . they took electronic devices and computer files from Chris Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives . he is scheduled to fly home on friday and is already pre-checked through the airline .
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of suge knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in los angeles in January . he left him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder . but he claimed from the witness stand on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which his companion Terry Carter, 55, was killed . at one point he refused to confirm he recognized Knight
study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job . but this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries . on average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men . findings released to coincide with equal pay day today .
asif bodi and abubakar bhula prayed at half-time at anfield last month . supporters branded him a 'bigot' and 'disgrace to humanity' tweet was reported to police who decided no criminal offence had taken place .
87-year-old anti-semite says nazi gas chambers are a 'detail of history' he says he still has 'prestige' within the national front . but he has refused to step down as honorary president of the far-right party .
freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture . herbs and spices will last up to six months when frozen . frozen herbs are brilliant in pies, pasta and pestos .
loved-up couples around the world are sharing their intimate proposal moment via the website HowHeAsked.com and Instagram account howheasked . alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories . 'with shaky legs and tears in my eyes, I said yes,' one bride-to-be reveals .
facebook removed a photo of Timothy Eli Thompson after a pro-life group put it in an ad to promote his story . the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake . a post about the removal of the photo by Eli's mother Brandi McGlathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours .
two-year-old Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on march 28 . his mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor was shot in the abdomen . the cartoon depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam .
scientists have uncovered the mystery of Mercury's 'stealth' colour scheme . steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted the planet black over billions of years . the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April . but it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the planet .
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers-brouage . the 20-foot american ash tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007 . her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the tree, which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son . investigation after the tragic accident found the tree had been weakened by parasites making it dangerously unstable .
recruitment sergeant allegedly raped a woman as he called her a 'sweet woman' the woman, now 27, claims she became pregnant before suffering a life-threatening ectopic pregnancy . the divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, with tickets . told her they would fly to see band in Cardiff, but booked flights to Ireland . miss Canham tweeted: 'he booked flights because he thought Cardiff was in Ireland'
the 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail . the lawsuit alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' who used team's facilities . it also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean .
former head of the NHS warns of 'substantial financial problem' at heart of the service . 'all parties but labour have signed up,' says sir david nicholson . health secretary Jeremy hunt admits the service faces a 'significant financial challenge' .
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark, new jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, new york home . she had just finished a three-day campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa .
senior doctor accused of inappropriately touching two nurses in 2013 . alleged to have touched them while working at Wirral's Arrowe Park hospital . doctor, 38, denies four counts of sexual assault and one of assault .
cross-dressing robber entered service station in watervale, victoria, just before 7.30pm on monday . he confronted a female staff member and demanded money from the till . police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries .
high-profile vicar attacked plans to sell housing association homes as a 'right to steal' but he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev . raised eyebrows by publishing frank memoir detailing his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards .
new information from the curiosity rover shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet . the explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water .
leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city, california, on saturday . doctors had to open his skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with 23 staples and a partially shaved scalp . 'my head kinda hurts right now, but i'm OK with it,' the brave boy said .
those who frequent dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension . just one extra meal a week raises the odds of having high blood pressure by six per cent . eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake .
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 London games . he was knocked out by ippon in the qualifying stages of the men's +100kg . his wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him' .
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban Toledo, Ohio, mosque . federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012 . he broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .
Kevin Morton gave son Kye Backhouse a strong painkiller, court hears . 'i gave him a tablet by mistake that was too strong for him, it's my fault - i have to try and live with it for the rest of my life but it was an accident,' he says . teenager was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, cumbria .
the Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County, florida, on April 23, 1990 . her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .
the gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 on 20 April . any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 avril will receive the watch the next day . it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from the high street . the original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199 . Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 - which is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model .
boxer posted pictures while driving his car in the city of Fremont, near to san francisco . the 28-year-old could face a police probe after posting the snaps . he splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us . but police are yet to say if they will be looking into the pictures .
dominika petrinova, 27, was furious after her boyfriend's prank . she glued wax strips to a chair after he told her dog was in washing machine . he cried and screamed as he tried to free himself from the chair .
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya . she failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, due to take place in two days . 'i do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18,' she wrote .
at the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and taken to a surprise location for a picnic lunch . at the club hotel & spa in jersey, a sunshine butler is on hand to help make a couple's special day that much better .
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed when two contestants came up with the same eight-letter word . host Nick Hewer tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection' luckily celebrity guest Dr Phil Hammond, who was in dictionary corner with Susie Dent, saved the day .
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making . the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . in the coalition agreement, the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour’s ‘state intrusion’, promising a bonfire of pointless powers .
the GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of the island . it is the toughest trek in Europe . most trails were clearly marked with orange daubs of paint . accommodation ranged from small auberges to family run hotels .
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office after a female agent accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with her boss in a washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . after the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morale's tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms
home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low . only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss . a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . the total value of these profit making properties was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of loss-making .
the teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . the disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook on friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . it shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash . two
school leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates . overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects . 65% said they believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years .
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo . HT has a 'big UK support base' including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi . several British men linked to ISIS, including maajid Nawaz, have been in contact with the group while studying at university .
flight from china to addis ababa diverted twice to Mumbai's primary airport . plane departed for Ethiopia at 7:30am but was forced to return due to engine trouble . passengers had to go through customs before being transferred to hotel .
unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night . china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year . experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms .
attorney general sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules . a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties . the memo said: 'the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the Department'
at launch of manifesto, lib dems will vow to protect entire education budget . Unlike tories and labour plans, spending would rise per pupil . an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years .
surrender order was sent by german president Karl Doenitz on may 8, 1945 . it was found on the chief of the Luftwaffe when he was arrested that day . doenitz had been Hitler's choice to replace him as leader of the nazis . but a week later, amid a crumbling and defeated Reich, he met with Allied commanders to sign the instrument of surrender, bringing an end to war in Europe .
the virulent strain in question is the H5N2, a highly contagious virus that kills commercial poultry quickly once it gets into a barn . but the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply . so far, only two egg operations have been hit — the one in Iowa and one in Wisconsin .
for more than 2,000 years, invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefalonia . but the present settlers - the Greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism . instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas .
the 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle . he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion . she sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home because she felt that it was her fault .
asked who taught Malia how to drive, first lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family . 'the Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' she said .
sofinar gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty . she is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail . insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under president mansour .
arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts . she denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it . but bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter suggested otherwise .
a raft of new 'enhanced' water products have been introduced . birch water contains saponins which help your body absorb less fat . artichoke water contains minerals including iron, potassium and vitamin C .
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years . but their seven children came down with whooping cough on the morning of April 2 . they were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest kids got no shots at all . 'we're a family,' they wrote in a blog post about her decision .
law enforcement were called to the Beverly Hills hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge . at some point after midnight a bartender at The Polo Lounge refused to serve the reality star and she then became angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?' the mother-of-four then locked herself in a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called . after being dragged out of the restroom
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent . he borrowed his mobile but returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost it . as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, he pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face . dew then stole £10 out of his wallet and was found hiding in the toilets .
Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for convicted rapist . she is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women . the councillor is reportedly developing the program alongside WAYS and police .
an account purporting to be 2UE in Sydney sent out a tweet on Thursday morning . it appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . the hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda . last week the 90-year-old radio station broadcast its last ever bulletin out of the Sydney office .
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft headfirst into hollowed-out tree in 2011 . mother, Christy, 42, believes she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' she survived with only bumps and bruises and is now cured of illness . for first time in her life, she can eat solid food - and her mother thinks her brush with Jesus is the reason why .
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 . but Mr Galloway's Respect party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah', or Pakistani marriage certificate, showing she was married in 1990 . he produced the document at a hustings in Bradford on wednesday night .
the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair . it's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the opening of new restaurant, The Ivy .
operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall . it will also look into nine other centres where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre .
for a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky Indy celebrity Jerry A. Hostetler . the home sprang from inimitable hostetler's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big to a local construction mini-magnate . now, as it sits largely unoccupied, it's a cause
phobia expert says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with . he says he gets so agitated when he sees Mr Farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes physically sick . the medical recruitment consultant, 35, has always had a keen interest in politics .
a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays . others say they protect the skin from the inside . here, consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict .
authorities say 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office . from September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware . Jenkins has been accused by the Dover Police Department of robbing multiple businesses . they are . maple Dale Country Club . Manlove Auto Parts . Sovereign Properties .
up to 100 teachers could be banned from working in schools for life . watchdog is looking at possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff . this includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles . more than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in WhatsApp group which included
the woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards . a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi during a press conference .
the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency . the only food it imports is milk - and the island's soil is very fertile . cauliflower, broccoli and pumpkins in spring are abundant .
'big bogan' statue to be erected in town of Nyngan, western new south wales . 3.6m tall steel figure would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and tuckerbox . locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs .
the classic English pastry is the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte . espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or mini raspberry coulis . flat whites best accompanied by a blueberry muffin, and black coffee best with a glazed ring doughnut .
father branded leader of a satanic cult who trafficked of children into the uk . he was falsely accused of abusing his own children and drinking blood . children were tortured by their mother and her partner, who attacked them . police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled .
global watchdog said state will spend more on public services than it raises in tax . projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate deficit . the country's annual deficit hit a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10 .
dozens of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers, experts have predicted . comes as Wonga revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year . it follows a significant reduction in consumer lending while trying to clean up its tarnished image .
a new york-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . Vincent Cianni, 63, said he embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with; voluntarily signing up for a system that did, and still does, oppress them .
police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect . a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition . the couple are believed to have abandoned the house several weeks or months ago .
Julie Bishop, 58, was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet the wives and partners of SAS members . a spokesperson for the foreign minister told daily mail australia she 'wore one of his friend's designs' . the pair met at a popular Japanese restaurant in the west australian city's crown casino .
Sonia pereiro-Mendez claims she was denied millions in pay and bonuses . she was 'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments, she alleges . so in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers 'without their knowledge'
family of Hitler's propaganda minister is suing publisher for royalties . biography used extracts from his diaries for a biography called goebbels . dispute comes after leading authority on the Holocaust drew on diaries . now the english edition of the biography is due to be published in may .
freight train carrying dangerous form of ammonia derailed on friday night . derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, sparking 1.5-mile evacuation . locals told to gather at Mount Canaan Baptist church in rural area . incident prompted civil emergency message to be activated for residents .
the UK clocked up growth of 2.8% in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven . this was seven times higher than France’s 0.41% . the UK is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west .
Anthony Mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to details . he plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse . she was suffering from dementia, was unable to go to the toilet alone and was in chronic pain . court heard how he was a devoted father and husband .
mother-of-13 Annegret Raunigk, 65, is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks . she is in 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated . the identity of the babies' father is unknown .
the home office said it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . a letter says that Brooks, also known as Abu Izzadeen, is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun .
the prime minister will be absent when he and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown . he agreed to just one confrontation with his rival in the race for number 10 . accused the pm of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government .
south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python . a bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's gold coast as authorities try to locate the reptile . snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion body disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia' .
german Chancellor angela Merkel among 1,500 attending touching service . small wooden angels placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives . flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of mourners . co-pilot Andreas Lubitz widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing plane . investigation revealed he suffered from severe depression .
pret a manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night . diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers . 'if [customers] come in and say “we’re in a real hurry we’ve only got 20 minutes” we tell them they’ve got plenty of time,' says chef .
five-month-old Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse . his parents, Eve and Elijah, both a Bornean orangutan, passed away just a few weeks after giving birth .
convicted murderer William Beggs, 54, murdered and dismembered his teenage victim . he is serving a life sentence in a prison in edinburgh for raping the 18-year-old . his limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head dumped in sea .
3 out of 4 people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo . only 53% know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces . one in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815 .
siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death . she was on death row for over 15 years while authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood . her family and officials were not given adequate notice or information before she was executed .
the gossip site alleged that the celebrity chef, 50, has been seeing his assistant, 28-year-old Elyse Tirrel, for three years . a friend of the actress said that she learned of the affair just after Thanksgiving 2014 . Flay filed for divorce from March, 40, earlier this month .
cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high . hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods, hemp oil, wax, resin, rope, cloth, paper, and fuel .
ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how the tory leader reversed greying process . after clashing at last week's televised leaders debate, he said 'complimented' him . he added: 'any man who can reverse greying I'm jealous of'
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year . arson, vandalism and threats against Jews included in the figure . 2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal who else has the faulty gene .
officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects . but they refused to release an image of the supposed ringleader because he has already been identified . criminologist has identified 'startling similarities' between the raid and crime novel black echo, which is based on jewel heists in los angeles in 1986 and 1987 .
experts say women are abandoning diamond ring in favour of more exotic gems . demand has seen value of some coloured stones increase by 2,000 per cent . celebrities such as Kate middleton have driven the craze . beyonce, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and mila Kunis have also flashed coloured gems on the red carpet .
despite being home to the royal family and an eye-­catching parliament, the Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte (napoleon's brother and king of Holland) set up here in 1806 . it has a genteel moat/canal which encircles the historic centre .
Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, were heading to Scott's house on April 4 for a cookout . but as they returned home, their car was pulled over for broken tail light . as he ran away, officer michael slager shot him multiple times, killing him . a passerby captured a video of Slager firing eight shots at the father-of-four .
the rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on long island . it appears to be formed of two double rainbows next to each other . commuter Amanda curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped it .
reserve deputy, 73, became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead on April 2 . he said: 'i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened' . the incident happened amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation .
mosaic, pieced together by the german aerospace center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface . it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains . map allows astronomers to 'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and 
the paraglider was swept into a garage door by a strong wind on monday . the 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . he posted pictures of himself in the air in february with his paramotor .
the £260,000 supercar was unveiled in the heart of Milan on Tuesday . first models have been shipped to china and will be unrolled across the uk next year . design team have created a stunning light sculpture to celebrate launch .
girl, who attends school in San Dimas, is target of disturbing posts . pictures show her unobscured face, accompanied by threatening messages . one says: 'that smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' deputies from the sheriff's department are helping to guard the girl .
the 31-year-old boasted of tucking into the delicacy at the Juvet Landscape hotel in north-west norway . the hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in Britain, as it is in most parts of the world, by both the international whaling commission and by the international wildlife convention CITES . but Norway exploits legal loopholes that allow it to opt out of regulations .
fight broke out outside Roches Family hotel in Grafton on friday night . eye-witnesses said two girls brawled on the streets before it spilled out . police confirmed they attended the scene but no one made a formal complaint .
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 . the director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter, who has Down syndrome .
health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content . analysis suggests censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women .
almost half of 1,000 companies said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant if they are obese or overweight . overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business' 'they're lazy', and 'wouldn't be able to do the job required', research reveals . findings come in wake of a court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50 .
builder, 30, from Tamworth, plundered pensioner's life savings . spent money on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos . even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits . secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as beneficiary .
mother of jihadi bride urges her daughter to return to the uk . dare, 22, was born in Nigeria but emigrated to britain as a child . she was originally christened 'Grace' but changed her name to 'khadijah' mother says she wants only child in her life and wants her to return .
the driver of the 1991 Ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton . the male passenger suffered head and leg injuries . despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, he was conscious when paramedics attended the scene .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan . but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . he is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges . his fiance insists she was with him the whole time .
39 criminals have been awol from the 500-inmate prison in arundel, scotland . one of the escapees is violent killer Robert donovan, 57 . his disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out . murderer Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large .
non-doms status allows wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills . but it allows them to only pay tax on their UK income, not earnings from overseas . aides suggested he would 'abolish' status if party took power on may 7 . it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .
actor, 89, is selling off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . he is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and chandeliers .
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on Wednesday after returning on a flight from Syria . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization .
university of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago . the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa . a frozen planet that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life .
despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to define Dubai as a holiday destination . in recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker .
ministry of defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill . he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many never made it beyond the drawing board . some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two .
the trackYourDose app was developed by esooka in germany . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . the £1.49 ($1.99) app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation . this includes exposure from changes in a person's location and flights . 2,500 points were measured at flight altitudes between 5 miles (8km) and 7.5 miles (12km) worldwide between 1997 and 2006 .
Lloyd Byfield pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy . he armed himself with claw hammer and large red handled kitchen knife . after pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge Nicholas Cooke .
workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout . the strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday . at €15.50 (£11.25) a ticket, the closure will cost Paris tourism almost £280,000 .
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, cumbria . claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years . but on her return to lessons she claims she was ordered to tone it down . she says she is banned from lessons until she changes her hair colour .
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences . 37 people, including an american-egyptian citizen, were jailed for life . they were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 .
tourists are pointed to toilets, GPs and an abattoir in the town of Dornoch . the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter . it was retweeted by a crime writer and has since been demolished .
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005 . three years later, at just 26 years old, she would be dead after a painful cancer battle . her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young .
sex parties with prostitutes may have been staged by drug lords in Colombia to elicit sensitive information . a congressional committee will investigate the claims, a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house committee on oversight and government reform said today . the DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign soon .
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday . the Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . he was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned .
the figure is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms . $1.2bn is attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis - treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all and are unlikely to develop into life-threatening disease . breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women .
the pm said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election . but he claimed they would back the party this time if he falls short of 23 seats . he also revealed there were people who did not pay tax who ‘damn well should’ .
gemma redhead, 33, was repeatedly raped by her former partner, Philip Kirby . she endured eight years of violence at the hands of the bullying 32-year-old . he refused to acknowledge the end of their relationship and begged her to take him back . after he was released from prison, he defied a restraining order to phone her . the call 'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack', she said .
landlord lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim to decorate his flat before attacking him . he then dismembered him and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases . with the help of his girlfriend, he threw the suitcases into a canal . today a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at court .
Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical . relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's . neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low .
mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the north Yorkshire moors by 67-year-old Kenneth Ward, naked apart from socks and boots . the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her . he was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . police had discovered of a cache of weapons, including machine guns, in his home .
six soldiers were buried with full military honours in a ceremony in flanders fields, belgium, this morning . their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' - a description chosen by author Rudyard Kipling . they were killed in the first battle of ypres, which raged from October 19 to November 22 .
fruit juices made from superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates have more sugar than a can of cola . local government association accuses soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .
the acai berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest . for hundreds of years, the berries have been integral to the diet of native amazonian people . the cafe is open seven days a week and will serve four types of berry bowls .
rosemary Taylor, communications director of city of Brookhaven, fired . allegedly stopped photo shoot with model Dominique Jackson, 18, and model Khamlee Vongvone, 19, and said they were 'not the image I want for the city' after witnessing photographer capture a test shot, she reportedly went over to him and referenced the two girls . girls' mouths 'dropped' and, moments later, they were asked to leave festival . now, she claims she was wrongly accused in incident
helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops beating up 30-year-old Francis Pusok more than 80 times on tuesday . he fled his house in southern california after deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges . at the end of the chase, police officers shot him with taser and he fell to the ground as he was hit . the cops then claimed that he had been beaten by the officers because his
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mom Brandi McGlathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .
reserve deputy, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, earlier this month . the retired insurance executive is out on $25,000 bond . he is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond, the judge said .
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres . they were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) and the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet . and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . this is the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet before . but the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘bright spots’ on the surface of the planet are .
non-dom status allows people living and working in the uk to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas . but it allows people who have a burial plot or property abroad to pay full UK tax on all their income and gains . in a speech yesterday, the leader said he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule .
researchers reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world . most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect .
'doggy bags' cost average french household €400 (£285) a year . 1.3 billion tons of food is wasted globally each year - equivalent of a third of food produced . cash-strapped country is trying to save money after its position in the eurozone worsened in 2014 .
elite troops called in from Nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn massacre . but soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claim . one of the four gunmen responsible has been identified as a lawyer son of a government official . government representatives defend the long response time .
pm was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts . he arrived at the Bristol and Bath science park at 4.40pm . one of the reporters who had been on his campaign bus said he had met ‘at least two voters’ .
the millionaire pleaded not guilty to a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in la . Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center .
eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind . a crack team of surgeons from the australian charity, Interplast, worked last march to save the sight of little baby Seng, from laos . Turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big, brown eyes . she knows that if she lived in a country like Seng's, she
'if it pleases the fans of the old movies and appeals to kids, watch out,' box-office analyst Phil Contrino told the publication . the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend .
Robert Penny, 83, of malvern east, appeared briefly at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday . he is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at old London coiffure hairdressers in Portland on may 3, 1991 . the women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps .
the 28-year-old is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington, D.C. she has been suspended from the network for a week and could face further punishment . in a self-aggrandizing rant, she tells her blog readers she is 'taking a stand' against 'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
the five bedroom, five bathroom apartment boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a state-of-the-art kitchen and breakfast room . it is a short walk from Harrods in exclusive knightsbridge . the property, in the same building where she lived, boasts views of beautiful private gardens and private garden square .
in just eight weeks, the actress has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion . from £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how her wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming’s bulging wallet .
surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into a home in the mid-afternoon . two men and one woman can be seen entering the home through the kitchen . they peek and even tip-toe around as they walk through the living room . one suspect stares directly into the camera and realizes he's being filmed . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face . police believe the burglars were
suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children english . husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook claim it is dirty tricks campaign .
Timothy Rogalski, 30, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead . authorities traced the calls back to the home he shares with his father, about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded .
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday .
seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying . the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media . officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body . one officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts
study found buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices . while average sale prices are about £207,000 in the uk, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000. online estate agent eMoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market’s peak .
self-confessed atheist labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon . he bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards him' last year he described himself as a 'Jewish atherist' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups to win votes .
the question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . it was designed for 14-year-olds who wanted to know when her birthday is . Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: may 15, may 16, may 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17 .
the 78-year-old was just 17 years old at the time of the raunchy 1955 shoot . she was on the cover of a top-shelf lads' mag, Span . the glamorous gran admitted she was shocked to see the images .
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
bookmakers have slashed odds on name being chosen for second royal baby . follows success of part-time jockey and duchess of cambridge's friend . the 33-year-old helped couple rekindle their romance during split in 2007 .
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth . the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou . a cleaner found the child in the toilets he was 'icy cold' . she went back to work on the production line before admitting she was the mother .
prime minister says he will amend working times regulations . for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor . but business leaders criticise the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
author Peter Schweizer claims that the Clintons favored donors to swell the coffers of the family foundation . he also claims that some of the big-money deals 'put millions in their own pockets'
latika Bourke was born in an orphanage in the slums of india . she was adopted from india and started a new life in the Lucky Country as an eight-month-old baby . when she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire she realised how profoundly different her life would have been if she hadn't been adopted . it took her another three years to make it to India in 2012 and she has been every year since .
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states . economists predict population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration . this is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent .
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy, was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on . a vigil was held from him in the evening at the location opposite where the attack occurred . on tuesday, a 43-year-old man was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty . however, the Norfolk district attorney's office said fri
the Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness . the system, designed by in-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination .
Robin, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 . he shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark . at the time he was as much a heart throb as aidan Turner, star of the hugely successful BBC remake of the cornish epic that concludes on Sunday .
Patrick Randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head . flynn was Pamela Smart’s then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4 . smart is serving a life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder .
trees were wheeled into Dunblane cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials . decorations first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey . residents of the town have been lining streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many stories .
angelo west, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after the policeman opened the driver-side door . the video shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed west .
residents living yards from the heist say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts . claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the night of good friday . but thought at the time that this was just a continuation of road works . it has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after the initial robbery .
the stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever . gales or storm force winds can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines, cause powerful surf that can damage the coast and run ships aground . on Monday night 24 Sydney suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with Blacktown hit hardest . an estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region .
deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, 19-years-old Razan, were gunned down on february 10 . a superior court judge in north carolina ruled on Monday that prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' .
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken . spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube . was subjected to violent treatment by her mother's 28-year-old boyfriend . he was jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham crown court .
the unidentified concert-goer was photographed wearing a shirt emblazoned with the words 'eat sleeprape repeat' at the festival held in Indio, California . the shirt is thought to be a play on the fatboy slim song 'eat sleep rave repeat'
conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro . but his wife says he has run out of blood pressure medication . she claims guards 'don't care' and she has asked the consulate to help . the pair were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers . they were thrown in jail in february after missing their flight home .
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered the top of the world  roofing website . she had set it up for her ex-boyfriend to claim he had been unfaithful . visitors to the site are told it has 'ceased trading at present' .
the next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable . they will remove the need for what he called ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning . he said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘harden it with something physical behind it’ . other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ‘wearable computer tattoos’ which send information via a wireless connection .
the 2.5 metre bronze whaler swam around in only a few feet of water . children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore . shark sightings have become commonplace around the new zealand coastline .
a 21-year-old man with depression has made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life . he tells them that no one should blame themselves because 'depression is a disease and I'm pretty weak-hearted - it doesn't take much for me to get emotional' . the heartbreaking video is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals .
exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds . they said it would ‘make content more contemporary’ . some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film . others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic games .
the former first lady and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams . among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell and vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding . a six-week jury trial exposed details of the McDonnells' strained marriage, and detailed the loans and gifts they
researchers at the university of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . they found obese people fall into one of six categories: heavy drinking males, obese females and the affluent and healthy elderly . findings suggest clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole .
more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research . psychologists from goldsmiths university in london and osu studied the results . genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn, whereas the shared environment had negligible impact . 'we should not jump to conclusions that a poor teacher or the child themselves is to blame for a lack of motivation in the classroom,' said professor petr
'shameless liar' Andrew o'clee, 36, wed first wife Michelle Agbulos in 2008 . but while they were trying for a baby, he had already started double life with a new woman . he married again in 2013 – forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding . his first wife uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on facebook .
Samantha says she adores who she is inside and out . she's a size 10 but could do with dropping 10lbs . 96 per cent of women chose the 'average' option in a survey .
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . the vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch .
dozens of DEA agents were taking part in alleged 'sex parties' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels in bogota as early as 2001, according to a new report . this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitution while on overseas assignments . seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days .
an Uber driver shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in the busy neighborhood of Logan Square on friday night . the driver - a 47-year old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at Custodio, striking him multiple times . police have not yet released a motive for the shooting .
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses . report traced slave-caught seafood from there to Thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some american retailers .
a judge has sentenced Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, to 10 years in prison for fatally stabbing his boyfriend, Brian Romo . the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, says that's not long enough . lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal . a prosecutor said that he 'pretty consistently took responsibility for [the murder]'
chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave desert on 31 October 2014 . co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured .
three young people got out of their red ute to threaten another driver . a woman pulled a dagger out of her side and stabbed the car's bonnet . she was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights in melbourne . driving expert said the behaviour was 'completely out of control' .
dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies warns sunbed users are at risk of herpes . the virus, and other bacteria, can survive on tanning beds despite heat . when a person sweats, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses . it is then possible for the infection to transfer to another sunbed user .
body of 27-year-old found at two separate addresses in alleged double murder . her mother, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . police say she died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . family of Bernadette and Sarah today said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss .
detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon . the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . it comes as police revealed that they believe William may be alive, despite fears that the boy was abducted by a paedophile ring operating
the clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube . 'In Happy Valley, Oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' Melissa says in the clip . at the end of the video, the Meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . the footage was taken last Monday in forrestville in northern australia . it shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car . friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their 
researchers in north carolina tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers . they then recorded the results using EEG . as well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression .
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search . he would follow amputee and war veteran Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year . the magazine said he embodies the values they are looking for in their annual competition .
cathryn Parker, 72, has been living under at least 74 aliases in los angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production staffers . she was stopped for a traffic violation after giving police a false name . police tracked her down and found she was leasing a house under another alias . the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen .
chief constable will retire with full pension after 30 years of service . she was 'sad' to leave the force but is retiring to spend more time with family . it was announced last month she was to be investigated for bullying . but it was reported those below her were walking on 'eggshells' .
premier league stars could face an advertising watchdog probe over sale . players urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . watchdog has previously banned a Nike campaign featuring tweets from Wayne Rooney, one of its brand ambassadors .
pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness . those championing pink include Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood . the sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived .
a woman racially abused a man and his wife on a train in sydney on tuesday . the 23-year-old stood up for the couple and recorded the vile rant . she rushed to their defence with a fiery spray notably absent of swearing . police are urging anyone who witnessed the incident to report it to police .
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency . the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like DSquared2 and edun . both had to drop their previous agencies after they were told to act straight and delete their Instagram account .
shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub . copeland, a former player for the new york knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday . his wife Katrine saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular new york club 1
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father from the age of four . she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films . the 31-year-old waived her right to anonymity and spoke out for first time . her partner encouraged her to approach police about her attacker . he helped to put him behind bars 20 years after the abuse .
the 34-year-old reality star is keen on the idea of her 22-month-old daughter inheriting her entire wardrobe when she gets older . 'the dress that I wore on the cover of Vogue will be hers. all of my Met Gala dresses,' she said .
firm began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago . it has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer . total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1 billion . profits expected to be around £44million as firm reaps rewards from 547 stores .
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to 2009 . the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the war in 2003 .
Jason Edward Harrington worked with the government agency for six years . claims screeners will pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like . follows revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications . he has had his nipples cut off six months ago in a bid to provide himself with a smoother canvas . but he says discrimination against people with body modifications has affected his career .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet . they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . however, scientists are still not able to explain what they are . Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 april . the images were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles (22,000km) from the north pole . a theory is that they are salt flats reflecting sunlight, left on the surface by salt
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere . and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . it reveals the planet has an extremely turbulent atmosphere and is almost certainly inhospitable to life .
the driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in south los angeles around 12:15am on Saturday . the group covered his white dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock . as they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury . his owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Ko
the test was carried out by Cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphoneFixed.co.uk . it used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment . two out of the three models of apple watches are available to pre-order from today . the only one that doesn't is the sport model, which has a strengthened Ion-X glass screen, thought to be more shatterproof .
actress carey Mulligan watched her grandmother suffer with dementia . she said her grandmother hasn't recognised her in at least five years . the 29-year-old said there is a 'shame or humour' attached to the illness . miss Mulligan is patron of the Alzheimer's Society and a patron of charity .
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'i want to have a little brother or sister' she gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was aged 57 . now aged 64, Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, said she never intended to leave parenthood so late . 'in a way' she thinks she is 'selfish' for having more
Gary Barlow, mark Owen and Howard Donald will be back in the uk for rehearsals . he's preparing for his new musical finding neverland to open in new york on tuesday .
one of Suge Knight's alleged victims claims the rap mogul growled 'i'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black' police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan . the pair exchanged blows at the scene in a parking lot in Compton on January 18 . pictures emerged of Knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries .
156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone . it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice . a worrying video has appeared online in February exposing a truck driver snorting drugs from behind the wheel of a heavy vehicle before taking to the road .
four in ten have an average £77 of unwanted good lying around . most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return it . a fifth are too busy, believing it takes nearly half an hour to return .
victims lured to the uk on the promise of a 'better life', prosecutors say . they were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter . forced to give over all their wages and do housework to pay off loans . gang pocketed wages and benefits - believed to be around £150,000 .
teenager, identified as Zeynab Daghastani, was shot dead by ISIS snipers . she was making her way through the southern streets of the Al-Yarmouk Camp . aid workers say she was shot as she made her way towards nearby neighbourhood . thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since 2012 .
couple tipped scales at over 41st when they set a date for their big day . but after receiving cruel taunts in her workplace she decided to slim down . she has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months .
the Maldives are a popular honeymoon destination . the island is home to a huge, modern beachfront studio . you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail .
Christy Turlington burns is championing the message 'it's what you do that defines you' the brand opened its first UK store in westfield Stratford on march 27 . it also brought in 22-year-old german model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede .
former royal chef Darren McGrady said brothers swapped nanny's instructions for their own in which they asked for fast food . he said their 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway . said he was 'more scared of the queen than I was of Harry' so obeyed her rather than third in line to throne .
the Mole Urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules . the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton . if results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods . project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns .
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a professional Kate lookalike for six years . she says the duchess of cambridge should 'change her hair for once' 'i like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off. I’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob,' she said .
families in the uk are more indebted than those in other major developed nations . the international monetary fund said the country is struggling with household debt . findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile .
'he should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' 16-year-old aidan fraley said of his father's killer . 'one of the dudes had his knee on his head, and I feel like that played a part in his death after the shooting,' he said .
'Red' len McCluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in politics . they seek to use their financial and organisational muscle within the labour movement to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s . the sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose .
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said she was intimidated into identifying her rapist . she says her ex-boyfriend, Gianni van, 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez at the bar where she met him . van is now charged with the murder of a man she claims raped her in 1995 .
new app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'i'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes .
two young stars pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in a bar in london . the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with a portable music speaker . it is the second time the pair have been pictured together in the past few days .
transgender model andreja pejic appeared in a solo editorial in the may issue of the magazine . the 23-year-old was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl .
the burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news . the couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin near Springfield .
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority impressed with performance of prime minister than that of Ed Miliband during election campaign . separate poll suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches .
researchers at Virginia polytechnic institute and state university have shown that it’s possible to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn stalks and husks into hydrogen gas . the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors .
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students .
the church of Scientology is one of a long list of organisations who have been barred from using the word Anzac . 44 items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate . woolworths also caused controversy for overlaying its logo and 'Fresh in our memories' on photographs of war veterans .
four teenagers caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window in Walsall, west Midlands . gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12 . the birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday . smoke was already coming out of the woman's 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down . when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver it was apparant that she has been knocked out . it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday . it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of California in over the 40 years . in the meantime people have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it .
Jessica Silva's ex-partner, James Polkinghorne, sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' three years ago . she stabbed him five times in the shoulder, chest and back . 'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness,' she said .
the world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek in south australia . it covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . all of the stations cover over 100,000 sq km and have 155,000 branded cattle between them .
two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at Manchester airport in the early hours of this morning . they were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 . the group is understood to include Waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and their children . late on Monday, a 30-year-old man from Rochdale was arrested on suspicion of the same offence .
the first lady and her mother, Marian Robinson, dined at a small italian restaurant in greenwich village on saturday . they were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali, who was heard describing Michelle as 'a happy woman' the five-course meal is priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings .
aeman presley, 34, 'killed two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur' he 'shot a woman on her way home from dinner and shot a homeless man in decatur while he was sleeping on the sidewalk' 'this high manifested into a "bloodlust" which compelled Presley to commit two more murders in Fulton County,' a statement
alanna and Stephan goetzinger lost their daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 . a coroner found that the care given by the midwife was 'grossly inadequate' . the couple refuse to blame her and are defending her actions . they say it was a tragic and unavoidable event .
father-of-two Tipu Sultan, 32, shot dead outside takeaway in south Shields . he was pronounced dead at the scene after a professional-style hit . two men wearing crash helmets and dark clothing were seen on motorbike . police cordon off the lane behind the takeaway and believe it was a deliberate attack .
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth prison in south-west london . he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk crown court' it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year . his escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him .
reusable rocket named 'Vulcan' is slated to take off in 2019 . it will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage . the aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines .
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling . 82 per cent have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair or a video of first steps, while less than one in four (23%) have keepsake for their second .
cassandra Cassidy, 24, was stopped outside addiction recovery centre . two women 'afraid of men in a car' approached her in street, police said . aspiring fashion designer fatally wounded in drive-by shooting .
the 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the men's final of the Miami Open . she wore a somber expression as she watched her husband-to-be lose to Novak Djokovic . the couple are due to tie the knot at Dunblane cathedral on April 11 .
a 'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday . 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson said . Tingley was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . his crimes span a period of 50 years .
more than 30 drunk and disorderly university of Kentucky fans were arrested near the school's Lexington campus on Saturday night . the crowd of angry fans set fires and smashed bottles following the team's 71-64 loss to the university of Wisconsin in the semi-final game . police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication . another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries .
travel doesn't come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on a tight budget . all it takes is a few sacrifices, hard work, commitment and an outgoing personality . house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on . a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation .
Sri Lanka is high on lists of places to visit in 2015 . the island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka . in the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in Minneriya .
mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in her western australia home . hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, suffered 18 stab wounds as he slept . cai xia liao, 45, has been charged with their murder . a fundraising page set up to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $50,000 .
controller of radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant in an interview . he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge . the station has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past .
former director of public prosecutions was in charge of operation 'elveden' he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists . four more reporters were cleared yesterday and all but a handful of cases withdrawn .
police dashcam footage shows alleged thief Mario Valencia walking along a street in marana, northwest of Tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . an officer in one of the patrol cars tells him to 'stand off, the gun is loaded' but in apparent defiance of his advice, he drives straight toward Valencia . second later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body
'370H55V' is spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down by texan department for motor vehicles . owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of plate . 'i think that the state is overreaching their boundaries', he said .
a pit bull who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from a cockfighting bust in south carolina . April Morris thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless . but this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's rescue on the nightly news 
the Chancellor and her husband have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean . the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island .
royal county of berkshire polo club launched with the prince of wales as its first member in 1982 . it's attracted royals and celebrities including prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman . but attempts to cash in on this elite status have been scuppered by the european court after objections from the Beverly Hills brand . the club applied to register its logo on four classes of item including glasses, watches, jewellery and leather goods .
mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in china . she parked car outside local supermarket in city of Fuzhou, south east china  . when she reversed, she knocked him down before backing up over his body . he died from broken ribs and massive internal bleeding, doctors said .
half of voters agree with Ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free HIV treatment . he caused controversy by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in uk .
research into the rise of the 'insta-wardrobe' polled 2,000 adults . nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit . a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online .
Claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's beauty pageant . she launched a scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho . the model, 23, posted the racy picture to her Instagram account on good friday . it was accompanied with a prayer which included the words: 'good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Charles Collins, 28, saved elderly Alfred McNamee after he slipped off platform . jumped onto tracks at 15th street station in central Philadelphia and helped him escape . but despite widespread praise for his actions, he denied that he is a hero .
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from white plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth . she was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was illegally performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013 .
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa condominium resort on the island of St. John . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . Sean, 16, and his 14-year-old brother, Ryan, remain in a coma .
physical activity can increase the size of areas of the brain that contribute to balance and coordination . the changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term . it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age .
wedding season is fast upon us and brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . but how do you create a stunning venue without breaking the bank? . from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, here are the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be .
Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from top gear after punching a producer over a steak dinner . the 54-year-old was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on march 25 . he is set to appear on the satirical panel show have I got news for you later this month .
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond . a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it
the first lady was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative . not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards .
high-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne made requests for guests . they included a live-in tailor to make the ski gear and horse and carriage . bramble ski also created a private ice bar for après cocktails in Verbier .
'i've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage,' the designer said . he also spoke about his hesitance to visit Cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee Pol Pot, leader of the Khmer Rouge .
video appears to show city fans singing a vile song about the Munich air disaster . the clip appears to have been taken after the derby which united won 4-2 . it shows police struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart . a police spokesman said that they would examine video evidence .
PJ and Tracy Spraggins lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney . on the waiting list, she would have had to wait seven years for a transplant . the next day, his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . he refused to accept the diagnosis and embarked on a relentless fitness regime . finally, in December 2014, he was given the green light to undergo surgery .
rare condition known as Jerusalem syndrome affects pilgrims visiting the holy city . it is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness . sufferers are consumed by a need to be clean and perform sermons .
polls show nationalists are extending their lead - threatening to wipe out labour . but he refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement . the labour leader was asked repeatedly whether he was prepared to dismiss the idea of any pact .
'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . she asked friends and women to pose based on the experience of losing love .
manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's game . the pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems . on Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .
shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p . news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in BG now owned by people who originally bought British Gas shares in 1986 . anyone who bought 100 shares at the time of privatisation would have paid £135 .
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday cooking stir-fried dishes . he also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife .
the fire, reported shortly after 6pm, was sparked by a cooking stove . hundreds of people were told to evacuate the are area over the weekend . by midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire .
former kayak world champion and two-time Olympic medalist was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder . the 39-year-old was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . he will remain in custody after his bail application was rejected by Byron Bay Local Court on Thursday afternoon .
the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London . accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses .
two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in 2013 along with neighbouring properties . neighbours say it was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there . in its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map .
aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' biomedical theorist believes there is no reason we shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or 5,000 . de Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in california .
pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as sirens rang out . commemorates the six million Jews killed by the nazis during world war two . radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide .
ten-week-old baby is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china . her mother, named only as ms Li, left her daughter after she fell asleep . she returned home after just ten minutes when a dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her .
the flashgap app is free for iOS and android devices . photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album . they only appear at midday the day after the event . all attendees of the event can see the album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves .
chef Jacques LaMerde - roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods .
the two chimpanzees, currently living in a lab at Stony Brook university, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus . a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained'
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was struck on the side of the head by empty pint glass . it was thrown across a crowded pub during heavy metal gig at the Adelphi pub . she was left scarred, swollen and fearing she would lose her right eye . culprit, 20-year-old Jordan Goode, admitted wounding and escaped jail . but miss Hughes has been warned her facial features may drop after attack .
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out when she was attacked . a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle and smashed it against her window . the impact caused the broken glass to become embedded in her neck . she has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth . her family have released shocking photos which show extent of her injuries .
ex-Bolton Wanderers striker denies conspiracy to commit bribery . he is standing trial alongside ex-non-league player Moses Swaibu . facey played for west bromwich albion and Hull city in the premier league .
more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean . the capsized boat, carrying about 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast . 150 survivors – mostly from sub-Saharan Africa – were rescued and brought to an italian port on Monday .
a man believed to be impersonating as an army infantry is caught on video confronting a bystander in the city of Sunrise, florida . a young man is seen on camera asking the 'fake service member' where he did his basic and boot camp training . the man replies 'no' and asks the young man if he is a cop . as the confrontation gets tense, the two men begin raising their voices and shouting expletives at each
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy . her twins were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . after the surgery, the young boy went into recovery, but started to go downhill pretty quickly .
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake in texas . he arrived at the family's home in Katy with his girlfriend in tow . when his son tried to intervene, he pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back . the teen ran to a neighbor for help, crying hysterically and begging her to call 911 .
there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . in the early stages of the disease, it's the short-term memory that's most affected . the middle stage of dementia inevitably heralds changes in behaviour . this can be one of the toughest things to cope with .
the 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 . he proved a huge hit with fans but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show bosses .
sex trade worker, 27, emerged from a home bound by handcuffs begging for help . dog walker saw her come out bound by restraints and naked from waist down . she told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep . police say he held her at gunpoint and subjected her to sexual assaults .
president posed for picture next to boy wearing 'I'm With Stupid' T-shirt . the 52-year-old seemed oblivious to message on shirt and arrow pointing in his direction . picture was shared thousands of times and prompted a series of fake pictures .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in 2013 . gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m . it now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the £60m raid in london . during that raid, 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones .
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in the spy's death . suggests he poisoned himself without knowing it . he will give evidence at inquiry as long as he is given right to examine evidence .
the toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm . the boy was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered minor bruises and bumps .
journalist Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry for HBO documentary series Vice . she went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to sell her a baby in two to three months . 'it was the most heartbreaking experience that I ever had,' she said .
Xara Grogan, 29, rejected his attempts to kiss her, a tribunal heard . he told her they should jet to Barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner . but when she turned down advances he became hostile and unfriendly . when she complained about having to wear a uniform he would be 'out on her ear' if she joined a union .
an arrest warrant alleges that Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car, 'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' he 'accidentally overdosed' on the prescription drug Benzonatate – which he says he was taking to deal with an upper respiratory infection . Griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verb
Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules . he denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71, and Derek Weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012 .
a flurry of bets placed on the 45-year-old propelled her to the top spot . but she announced her departure from the social media site this morning . she tweeted: 'my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
opened in 1818, the asylum expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the west Midlands . patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and 'restraint chair' there are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis at the now run down asylum .
more than 1,700 freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday . the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space . regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time .
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, hants . gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from bedroom as she watched tv . great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window . her actions mirror those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple . led to arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, 28, who has been jailed for three years .
baby malaja was sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala with her parents when a black car pulled alongside . the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off, police said . detectives initially suggested road rage as a motive, but police no longer think that's the case after further investigation .
shadow chancellor accused of treating public with 'contempt' by dismissing note as a 'jokey note' glib note left in the Treasury by former labour minister in 2010 . it said: 'dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'
porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges . she is accused of setting her seven-year-old daughter on fire . when paramedics arrived at the home, the girl was covered in serious burns .
'the only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats,' says pm . he sends naval gunboats to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers . but he says the 'most decent, most compassionate' solution is 'urgently' followed .
geordie shore star has lost over two and a half stone and four dress sizes . but some have questioned whether the 24-year-old actress has taken things too far . her co-stars have all dropped the pounds over the past 12 months .
'missives in mediocrity' often tell pupils to 'live your dream' and 'you can do it' 'often reductively misinterpreted as "you can achieve anything if you believe"', says head of learning and research at Wellington College .
gold coast personal trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her exclusive programs as $US49,500 . an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price being a tenth of that, or $4,950 . one astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the original price .
a dentist testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . fourteen of the 6-year-old's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay . she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination . a seven-month-old baby boy Tyler died of pneumonia in 2011 .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . 'it is subjecting another generation of our children to an addictive substance,' said CDC director .
according to TMZ, the prenup between the food network star and the law and order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years . also claims that the clause allows the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff . the 50-year-old filed for divorce on friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years - while his wife is 'mighty
an alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an Alabama park in early April . Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . she was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alliator attacked her after it jumped out of the water . 'there's definitely a loss not seeing her out and about in the front yards of all the neighbors walking around, and greeting people'
group working in the north-west has been accused of filming attacks . one teenager told police he was beaten up by the gang in a church car park . the 19-year-old thought he had met an underage girl on the internet . but when he got there a gang of men accused him of being a paedophile . he reported the matter to police and was promptly arrested .
a man suspected of fatally shooting two people at the scene of a traffic accident has taken his own life, according to police . the 27-year-old killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am . he was with his girlfriend at the motel on tuesday, who has not been identified, and who was uninjured in the incident .
albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s . they are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow - and could fetch up to £30,000 . many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today .
gipsy group exploited human rights laws to stay in illegal camp for five years . 78 travellers refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council . locals in hardhorn, Lancashire, accused group of trashing their leafy village . camp appeared to have lost its case after travellers were told to move out . but despite being given four months to leave site, group used loophole to take case to the supreme court . they claimed eviction
apple has bought Israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million) the firm makes 'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . this could be added to the next-generation iPhones and iPads . patents have already hinted that apple is looking to boost the cameras in future models of the iphone and iPad .
supermodel, 39, fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming may issue . last black woman to cover the magazine was model Rose Cordero in 2010 . vogue ended 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour .
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam war and adopted by an australian family . there has been very little information to help her find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up . the last time she had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old . while they were in Vietnam, Ms English got the chance to meet another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since found her mother and moved back to Vietnam .
comedian and feminist campaigner recalled incident at the new york comedy club . she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig . but owner al martin revealed the story was false and she was forced to apologise . silverman has since publicly apologized and said she fabricated the story .
Jason Rezaian's lawyer leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces . the 39-year-old journalist stands accused of gathering classified information . he is also accused of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic .
finley lamb was born with parts of his brain in the wrong place . he is unable to walk and talk and has a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy . but he defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now walks two miles a day .
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon migrants in africa . called on the uk to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .
'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone . the softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions . once known as the Mushroom Valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle .
the Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . the brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . it's listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses .
ranulfo perez, 48, arrested after allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl . she was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with tour group . he was later released by the Manhattan district attorney over concerns he could not be sure it was him .
the rosehall estate near inverness was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s . it was bought by Hugh 'bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster . the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer . miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon .
body of Charmain Adusah, 41, discovered by hotel staff face down in bath . husband, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, alleged to have left hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died . close family friend claims he flew back to London but later returned to Ghana after wife's body was found .
leroy toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court house, ohio . more than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday . at 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce . it means an extra £2,100 a year to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married . one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and lifestyles .
the number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the NHS has risen five-fold in the past 10 years . more than 2,000 procedures were performed in 2010 . the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period .
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million . it has topped the list of America's richest streets, compiled by zillow . the area's tiny population of 86 includes four of America’s top 500 richest people . they are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson .
the tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was destroyed by fire around 1912 . it was restored after half the town was devastated by fire, and deserted a few years later . while the town has since been restored, it remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents . now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work
the star reveals what she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition . changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist . a typical day's food could include scrambled eggs, oatmeal or a protein shake . for lunch and dinner, a professional chef will serve her dishes .
Hannah Overton, 37, was convicted of poisoning her adopted son, four-year-old Andrew burd, with an overdose of salt in 2006 . her conviction was overturned last year, and prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case . overton was released from jail shortly before christmas, but will not face capital murder charges again . 'we are so excited about all God has done in and through all of this,' she said .
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find stardom . producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges . move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools .
two anglers took the boat out on to the open sea the day before . they got the materials to build the boat for free and spent £9 on glue . the 6ft vessel held together long enough for them to set up their rods . but an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to call 999 .
Christy, 46, suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the birth of her daughter grace, now 11, causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus . she launched Every Mother Counts in 2010, an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . the mother-of-two is gearing up for the upcoming London marathon on 26 April .
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month . he is one of 79 million obese americans, and has become accustomed to being called 'fatty' and getting verbally abused .
Deputy pm said he would not allow lib dems to prop up pm if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from benefits bill . he also suggested he will veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich . but he defended his record in government with Mr Cameron, saying 'hell yes'
the mother-of-two, 34, was seen walking for colcci during So Paulo Fashion Week in her native brazil . she has announced she's retiring from the runway .
the heist occurred on march 1 in Wilson county, north carolina . the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company transvalue - pulled over when one of the guards on board 'felt sick' three armed men 'tied guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold - worth up to $500,000 .
leah Williamson stepped up again to take a penalty during the 18-second rematch against Norway . she was a player for the arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football . 'they were the longest 24 hours of my life, I hadn't slept. I went through so many emotions and just felt excitement,' she said .
police raided Alan Greaves's home in colne, lancashire, in september 2013 . they found almost 20,000 images of child abuse on a digital storage device . almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category . a further 872 were at the next level, burnley crown court heard . there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies .
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday . he is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor . all of them men were arrested at hotels after responding to advertisements from women online .
Chris Appleton, who has been working with singer Rita, 24, for the past two years, revealed that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and 'maintenance' 'if you keep bleaching it, you push it too far and it can look awful,' he said . 'when she has any spare time, I make her condition' .
angela and rachel maxwell scooped £53million with husband Richard last week . 67-year-old said she would not give up her five-hour shift at local lunch club . the couple, who have two adult children, said they would buy a new minibus . but they said they intended to carry on as normal with occasional splurge .
the SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 . it was torpedoed by a submarine and took 100 tons of rupees to the bottom . a team led by British expert John Kingsford used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar and robotics . underwater company Deep Ocean Search (DOS) was then contracted by the UK ministry of transport to recover the coins .
the march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in south Carolina . police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested .
the 20-year-old was 'kneed in the groin and unable to talk', court heard . she had spent the summer in new york on a student work visa . former goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee, 38, faces rape charges . he allegedly told her to 'shut the f*** up' so her friends wouldn't hear .
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the drug did better on average . study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legalisation of cannabis around the world .
new channel 4 series shines a light on the supercar industry in the uk . expert seller Saba Syed says more women are coming into the showroom . she says: 'women have very good taste in cars' .
veteran peer has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes . he is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence' he has fought tirelessly for return of Jewish assets held in Swiss banks .
australian teenager has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge craze . she has placed a shot glass over her mouth and sucked in until the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell . in an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck .
little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by 19-year-old Heather Mack . she allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von Wiese-Mack in a plush hotel . while Stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face .
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . they found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material . a heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight . it suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought .
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . with the help of the founders of the Alleles Design Studio, McCauley Wanner, 27, and Ryan Palibroda, 32, she gets to sport funky prosthetic creations below her left knee and even helps to design them . 'i'm kind of flattered about that, because I've been
the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them . they have now set up an online facebook group so they can chat . the story has attracted a lot of attention on social media .
the £150,000 supercar crashed into a tree and smashed a concrete bollard . it also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather . onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar said he would buy another one .
a man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a newark gas station on Easter morning . the unidentified man, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday . police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with the rapper about rap music around 12.30am . during the conversation a male in the entourage allegedly showed the victim a
the package includes a commercial flight ticket from any UK airport to Glasgow, plus a ticket to pacino's show in the Scottish city on may 19 . it also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in london, transfers and a . ticket to the actor's May 22 show at the Hammersmith Apollo . the 74-year-old actor is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion .
two people treated at the scene by paramedics following crash in goodge street . it involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes believed to have been operated as a minicab . also involved two Routemasters - dubbed 'boris buses'
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect . he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . his greatest wish was for his parents jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, to tie the knot . but despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold . to grant the little boy's final wish, staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside .
thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent . he picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams . stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and fleeing .
the Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident . it happened 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland . last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down .
rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender, lived in a homeless shelter just one block from a special needs school . he was arraigned on tuesday for raping a woman at a manhattan bar last weekend and was also convicted of rape in 1992 . the dilapidated shelter is located just 1 block from the K through 12 Churchill school for learning-disabled children .
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen at her home in Grafton, NSW, on march 14 . police returned to her home on monday with a crime scene warrant . her son said he didn't see her there and her car was left parked in her driveway . the mother-of-three's phone and bag were thrown in the washing basket .
23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . the relationship between the toddler and the man has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father .
the 50-year-old food network star is 'heartbroken' about the split, according to TMZ . his wife of 10 years is said to be 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star January Jones in 2010 . the source added that he denied any romance .
two 49-year-old women and man, 23, arrested for being drunk and disorderly . flight was about to depart for faro from british capital of bristol yesterday . 'abusive, aggressive or anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated', says airport spokesman .
jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on February 10 . two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn . one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire . 'it doesn’t appear that the officer who shot used a lot of discrimination with where he aimed the pistol
a grand jury indicted Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, on murder and child endangering charges in the death of their 2-year-old daughter . the child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks . she also had injury to her head and broken teeth . at the time of her death Glenara weighed only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant .
police release image of woman they want to trace after money stolen . female victim collapsed and started fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes . passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person stole cash . detectives urge anyone with information to call police on 101 .
the director of television wants the hit series to be turned into a movie . but leaked emails show the creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation . messages between Andrea Wong, president of international production for Sony, and its chief executive Michael Lynton were among 173,000 hacked by north Korea .
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape . he allegedly carried out attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties . one alleged victim branded a 'time waster' and 'a liar' at southwark crown court .
Barry Lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . he will now be sentenced in local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court . his brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in the early hours of January 3 .
mandi L. walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in Washington's Dungeness Bay overturned their boats . another kayaker, William D. Kelley, 50, remains hospitalized in serious condition . forecasts had predicted stormy weather the day of the trip a week ago .
police were making final security checks outside hospital in paddington . small group of royal fans set up camp on benches and decorated area . self-confessed royal 'superfan' John Loughery, 60, camped overnight . he was the only member of the public to attend every day of inquest into death of princess Diana in 2008 .
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo . but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to .
the high there! app is described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts . it lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships . users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder . when High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis . but a global version was rolled out yesterday via apple’s App Store and Google Play .
the 10in brass desk lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea Hurst, near matlock, Derbyshire . it will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, on June 26 .
'if I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the 26-year-old national guardsman . the white house had asked a lehi-based company to send a representative with military affiliation to the base during Obama's visit last week .
trade was taking place between eastasia and the new world hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived in the area in 1492 . this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska . archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a . bronze whistle, dating to around A.D. 600 . researchers believe those who lived at the Rising Whale site may be part of what scientists call the . 
Jondrew lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the children were found . a baby was found with severe malnutrition and a teenager was impregnated by her stepfather . the couple took five of their children on a trip to california eight months ago .
four sisters were taken from their mother's home in the middle of the night . their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti . the sisters were returned to their father in 2012 . they have established healthy and happy lives in italy .
residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night . officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer, who travelled to the middle east in January last year . the 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces . he has not heard from his son for nearly four weeks and says he is on his way to the country to rescue him .
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour . he braved heavy gunfire from 20 Taliban insurgents in . Helmand to rescue a wounded US Marine . in 2013 he rushed to the aid of a . wounded comrade, then ran down a barren hillside, dodging a hail of bullets, . picked up another machine gun and continued the battle .
the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . it also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level .
the 55-year-old is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby . she made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings . after saying it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan' .
four-year-old Austin west died last week after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool . his family went to set up a GoFundMe account to raise money to cover the toddler's funeral costs, only to discover several unsanctioned fundraisers . the scammers have since been removed from the site, but the family are still in desperate financial straits .
mother tried to open door when keys to her car were locked inside . eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C . she grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police . officer PC resteghini smashed car's window with his baton to save baby . incident occurred at lunchtime at parked car in surbiton, south west london .
le pen, 86, angered daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-semitic remarks . he said the Holocaust was a 'detail of history' and praised wartime leader . now he wants his granddaughter, 25, to stand in his place in regional elections .
the 27-year-old is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign . 'my first job ever was lingerie. my mom had to sign a petition that said they would airbrush my nipples out,' she says .
wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann was sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken up by howling . he spotted a female and male fox copulating, but without warning a third fox lurked nearby . without warning the single fox emerged and began to growl and howl at the pair . the savage animals tumbled down a snowy Iceland mountainside and crashed onto the beach below .
'jock' mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 . he 'isolated and 'kept' vulnerable black women so he could sexually abuse them' one virgin in her 20s fell pregnant when mee raped her in a locked waiting room . doctors found she had a ruptured ectopic pregnancy for which she was operated on after collapsing in hospital .
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego . delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. but they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right . at issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight .
the unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit . she demands a $63.99 water table from Walmart, a $19.99 play tent and a $14.99 play tunnel from Ikea . also demands that the gifts do not have her son's name on them .
Maurice Thibaux, 67, stormed onto the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night . the french native - who lives next door to the venue - made a complaint about the noise . he said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it .
the divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA . he married his wife, Katie, in 2004 and they have four daughters, including a 14-year-old daughter from a previous relationship . the petition doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict'
state-run website says he greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital of Havana . the encounters are the former president's first in public since a landmark deal to reestablish ties between the island and the us earlier this year .
the couple, who married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside . the new image, which is the work of top photographer Oliver Dann, was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the us .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year . most of the victims were high school students . a total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry . nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers called off search . president park geun-hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the vessel .
'if you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote . his post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes . critics have accused the businessman of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month .
Until two years ago, 50-year-old was a bodyguard called Bob, plagued by depression . long-term condition made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with son . but she finally revealed the truth to her wife of 20 years, 44, in 2013 . with her full support, Roxy started gender reassignment journey . the move has finally given her the parent-son relationship which has always been missing .
the family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week . 'we did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter, Jill McLain .
Viv, 25, won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 . she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring . the cake-factory worker was so poor she couldn't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference .
detectives have swarmed the home where Stephanie Scott's accused killer lived with his mother anika and elder brother Luke . clad in blue forensic overalls, detectives heaped bags of evidence out the back of the home on Thursday evening . the house is on the market for $179,000 and has been in the family's possessions for 'around 13 months' neighbours say the family have lived at the property, which is home to families and pensioners, for around 13 months .
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies . he was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete .
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28 . this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL . manziel's partying and off-the-field antics had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority . now he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position .
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was leading the women's race by about 30 minutes . she ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course . despite her unscheduled detour, she was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her in their patrol cars .
the seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom home was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access . it also has a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym . the purchase came days after he warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution at a TED talk in canada last month .
alleged victim claims he was abused by 'very powerful' figures in paedophile ring . he suffered abuse at Kincora children's home in Belfast in 1970s . 53-year-old says he and two other boys were trafficked to london in 1977 .
customs officials at domodedovo airport scanned 27kg bag belonging to female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar . there were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub . two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified .
deckchair was on first class promenade deck when the liner sank in 1912 . it was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett . anonymous owner kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home .
condemned terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after biting a woman in 2012 . the woman suffered a 1.5cm to her finger after escaping from her backyard . lawyers for owner Tania Isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her dog, deemed aggressive by Knox city council, saved from being put down .
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow and said for the first time in his life he feels comfortable in his skin . the tumors began appearing around puberty and became more severe as he aged .
third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...' last month . she asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation . one student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago .
the 30-year-old prince is pictured taking part in exercises with royal artillery troops in Darwin . his participation in the exercises follows his visit to the remote Kununurra region of western australia . he met village elders and children, camped in the outback and was taught how to survive a bushfire . at the end of the exercises, the prince will hang up his fatigues and is expected to return to the uk .
drunkards were banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes . they were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 . the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, distinguishing marks, nature of conviction .
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are now appealing to the constitutional court . they are currently imprisoned on central Java's nusakambangan island . the pair's lawyers want to challenge the president's obligations on considering clemency on thursday .
professor ninian peckitt, 63, was attempting to reduce a broken cheekbone . he hit the patient in the face ten times while a colleague held his head . the patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich hospital in 2012 . but he needed a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital . that's when he struck the patient while he was under anesthetic .
lobster restaurant in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off internet debate . it said it would no longer allow 'small screaming children' into its dining room . the message, posted last Sunday night, was deleted by Monday morning . comments and 'hate and threats' aimed at his family prompted apology .
former star of strictly come dancing left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix house hotel . 'we've just all been up there together and everybody's parting in dribs and drabs, so we're on the way home,' says Judy's mother .
couple bought home in mablethorpe, lancs, for £35,000 in 1987 . they spent two years converting it into their dream home . but it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender centre . the couple have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress .
summer elbardissy was partying at fraternity house at wesleyan university . but instead of making it onto roof deck, she fell out of third-floor window . moments later, another teenager heard what 'sounded like a thud hitting ground' she was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain injury and swelling . she also had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking and dressing . seven months on, she is apparently still recovering from the fall, it is
the 34-year-old reality star was photographed dining in a non-kosher venue with her husband, rapper Kanye West, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on monday . he posted a photo of the famous couple on his twitter page, writing that he had joined them 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city' the next day, only Kany and Mr Barkat were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site, ha
customers can pre-order their watch online starting at 12:01 a.m. PDT . they will start to ship on April 24 . popular models might not be available immediately if you're not among the first to order .
superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter . one owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals in the background .
prime minister pledges to extend right-to-buy scheme to all 1.3million families . but nhf says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and is worth £100,000 . Chartered institute of housing says move would do nothing to tackle housing crisis . home secretary theresa may defends policy on the BBC this morning .
pro-golfer tweeted his frustration at the airline after it 'lost' his clubs . he was en route to the master's tournament in georgia this week . the airline apologised for the 'mix-up' and returned his clubs six hours later .
the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . it landed on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line, dwarfing lifeguard vehicles parked nearby .
three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale . a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich hospital with minor injuries .
researchers at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding of how the brain stores memories for 'neutral' events that gain significance through subsequent experience . this is because emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum . strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events .
golf WAG and u.s. skier Lindsey Vonn opted out of the white jumpsuit uniform . vonn wore a floor-length spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton . a winner will be given the green jacket at the Masters on Sunday .
workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone . full-time workers affected by the closures will be put on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another Walmart location . walmart recently announced it will raise the store's minimum hourly wage to $9 an hour .
145 people have been rescued, all from sub-saharan countries, and nine bodies have been recovered . the death toll is the largest in the region since October 2013 and came as 42 boats, coming . from afar, sank in the mediterranean .
a series of pictures by german artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to work out where the person is .
just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia goes on research . outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 . cancer research is 13 times higher than dementia and six times more than stroke .
the incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year . the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder . he has now taken his case to the IPCC after the investigating officer went off sick .
if you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals . from private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire .
conchita van der Waal worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years . the 46-year-old offered 'kinky' sexual services to clients for more than £300 an hour . her website has since been taken offline and shows provocative images .
bizarre deal to sell 'deliverology' to Colombia raises questions . fees paid by the united arab emirates and not the Colombian government . former pm last week denied being in 'league of the super-rich' .
the threat came as angela Eagle, labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament . but the SNP suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme .
the two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA . it concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that ‘controlled shooting’ could be effective and humane . animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’ .
all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use . critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around . introduction of prescription charges prompted NHS founder Nye Bevan to resign from government in April 1951 .
gareth macDonald was murdered by his conman lover in 2007 . he was lured to a travelodge at heston services and hit him over the head . the conman, 37, was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison . now, his parents, Sue and Charlie, are still grieving for their son . they regret that they didn't teach him to be more 'streetwise'
the 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte . she wore a white chiffon top and navy trousers with zip-detail . the party was to celebrate the opening of new restaurant, The Ivy .
the app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . the app then gives them an estimated time of delivery and instructions on how to pay . sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington .
row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64 . pair clashed as they drove their vans away from new housing development . ice cream man chased him along busy road before cutting him off and blocking him with his van .
the monster vegetable weighs 33lbs and measures 4ft (1.2m) long . it was grown naturally without the help of commercial fertilizers . keen gardener said it had become a big attraction and pictures have even gone viral .
former prime minister warns against talking up threat posed by the SNP . stark warning comes as he launches stinging attack on threat of an SNP deal . he will say a deal with separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - and another independence referendum .
Adam Leheup, 34, allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman . he met her on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app on waterloo station . they arranged to meet under the clock before crossing bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine bar . leheup denies raping the woman at blackfriars crown court .
leaj Jarvis Price, 24, reportedly shot dead by husband, 25-year-old husband . she ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' then returned to their home and staged stand-off with police . when police fired tear gas into house, he came outside with self-inflicted gunshot . he has since been charged with murder and is in stable condition in hospital .
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman . Sachs, was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her . in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of . east Hampton . he has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail .
bestselling author's second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed 'wolf hall II' booker prize winner has also cut 'a lot of repetition' to create tighter play . 'the play is better now than it was in London,' says actor who won an olivier award .
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans--most of them of German heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich . it was one of several scattered across the u.s., where the children in the German American Bund (AKA American Nazis) could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics .
denise fedyszyn tipped the scales at 20st 4lb and wore dress size 26 . the 37-year-old was left feeling mortified while on a family day out . fairground worker told her: 'you're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' she joined a weight watchers group and changed her diet and exercise . after just 12 months, she has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs 10st .
prime minister's wife wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by the fold . the 43-year-old is a huge fan of british designers and a big fan of the brand .
the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour . process can take up to two years in just a day or two . the £50 gadget is the brainchild of entrepreneur Joel Paglione .
services by west coast railways suspended following near collision on march 7 . 100mph collision between steam excursion and first great western train missed . network rail ban is first since privatisation, indicating gravity of incident .
gang leader Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at goulburn correctional centre . a '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . in 2002, he was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest . one of the victims was raped 25 times by a total of 14 men at bankstown, in the west,
driver, known as salim, is alleged to have assaulted the 20-year-old woman . the man, from todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the woman and is being held in custody . arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in india .
Caesar wandered off from his family's home in Ispheming, northern Michigan, on saturday . he was shot dead by a natural resources officer, who claimed he felt threatened while on the loose . the officer maintained he believed the animal was feral .
scientists hope to see 13 billion light years away, giving them a look into the early years of the universe . protesters are demanding the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $1.4billion telescope on sacred land . the mountaintop is said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction .
Nick Clegg called the obese sexual predator a 'Labour politician' he claimed he did not belong to the lib dems at the time he was abusing young boys . in fact he took the party whip for four years in parliament . he insisted there would be no investigation despite new details .
anglican Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall has supported calls for the controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped . the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence .
Yulia Tarbath, 33, is originally from Surrey but moved to Bali with her husband Paul in 2009 . led a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights . gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to daughter .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly . household incomes can influence which social network children use . that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
trusted voice can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' the feature has not been officially announced by Google, but has begun to appear on some Android handsets .
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, florida, 'never took either of the children to a doctor or dentist' a 17- and 12-year-old boy were the only two subjected to the treatment . when a woman, 19, took him in, he told her he was too scared to go home . after the girl pretended to be dead a few years ago, the couple allowed them to sleep on the floor of a
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter, Vale, giggled when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper . the technique involves gently gliding a piece of tissue paper over a baby's face until the tot nods off . 'it got her so excited she started screaming and squealing with joy,' she said .
the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s . when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf, mute woman . he carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at garza's kon-tiki .
experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but industry has recovered . but one in nine fisheries operate sustainably, with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management .
the 11-year-old autistic boy went missing from his favourite campground on friday . he has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon national park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one . his parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot . the search ended on thursday when a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to his location .
the perfect dog has the body size of a border collie, snout of labrador and eyes of beagle . a third of owners want their dog to have a 'short-haired' and 'low maintenance' coat . but 33% prefer traditional dogs' names such as 'rover and bailey'
spokesman appeared in manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding picture book . vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . he later joked that the photoshop allegations were not true .
Madison Small, 18, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital . by Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday, the Loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell . it is the school system's
there are more than 6,000 islands in Greece, most of them uninhabited . the number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227 . even americans will recognise two: Crete - the biggest - and Rhodes (fourth biggest)
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga, california, around 8.45am on April 5 . he was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the four points sheraton hotel at 6.26am and withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point . the father of five was visiting family in Las Vegas for a reunion and was meant to be attending a convention in san francisco .
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday . they were 'under a lot of stress' because
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes . she had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on facebook . it is alleged that Bauer told officers there was more merchandise downstairs, including an 'armful' of purses .
chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from german positions — had been used for the first time on April 22, 1915 . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . on Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
a man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with miss Buckley's death . he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today . about 300 mourners attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today in memory of the nursing student . her body was found on a farm north of Glasgow yesterday after a night out at the weekend .
60-year-old also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car . he has a valid parking permit on his dashboard and no longer needs tax disc . businessman is refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a council car park . council says it is not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences .
secretary of state says u.s. will not accept foreign interference in the country . comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces . a third week of bombing has cost more than 640 lives in the region .
'exemplary school' in central china has metal bars on all balconies . two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in march . cause of deaths not officially reported by media, but many suspect they are linked to aggressive teaching style .
inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at the Steer Inn in east Yorkshire . diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 fine . owner, 52, later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations . raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items .
geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned to their mother's home in Omaha, nebraska, 20 years after they left . they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child . geoff's mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013 .
the poncho originated as a humble garment worn by south american tribes . sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram have helped . the wool-and-cashmere designs were a huge success among celebrities .
the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks . the american civil liberties union, which has been challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list in an ongoing federal lawsuit, said the explanations provided to six travelers so far have been inadequate .
hundreds of products sold at two dollar stores have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals . a recent study of four major discount retailers in the us found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin exposure .
officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the motorway at night . they spotted a caravan heading towards them and spotted its window open . the caravan narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway . officers caught up with the driver towing the caravan and stopped him . he told officers he was unaware that the window had become loose and opened .
the 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by people magazine . famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as Katie Couric wrote: 'Sending the wonderful Rita Wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health'
agent Arthur Baldwin was arrested at 12:30am on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. he has been charged with attempted burglary and destruction of property . the agency revoked his security clearance and put him on leave when the arrest emerged .
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of his wife, Margaret, in 1991 . the 83-year-old has described the accusations as 'bizarre' . he has spoken out since he briefly appeared at court on Monday . his wife was found badly beaten and repeatedly stabbed .
police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident . miss Murphy, 66, tried to grab partner when he stumbled at the top of the stairs, but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths . the retired office clerk had lived at the property in Failsworth, near oldham, all of her life .
preserved remains discovered by street cleaners in north-western Peru . mummy thought to date back to 1100 AD and was wrapped in rope . it is thought to have been stolen from an archaeological dig in Trujillo .
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking toilet break . 300 runners should have been directed to a turning point during event . instead they continued past unmanned marshall point for three kilometres . organisers - Bournemouth Borough Council - appealed for people affected to contact them for 'gesture of goodwill'
brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses . many brides still opt for the traditional white gown . others opt for boho, quirky traditional and more .
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market . he opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 . the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire . when he sold the firm in 2000, he gave half of his profits to his parents . but he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife, who gives him £10 or £20 a day
Joan Ashton, 81, has been a resident of aneurin bevan court for eight months . her son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says she is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . but after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, he is calling for more to be done to improve food standards .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will make her debut in puppet form . they will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince Harry . new comedy spoof show, newzoids, starts later this month .
property prices soared by 10% in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent . it follows last year's record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital . annual price growth will then gradually accelerate again over next five years .
the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star announced on Tuesday she's expecting her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19 . 'we are so excited. the due date is November first, our wedding anniversary,' she said . soon after the announcement was made, Anna Duggar shared an image of jessa showing off her bump in a twitter photo .
the principal of the geelong college, south-west of Melbourne, has resigned . a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on social media . the school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer .
at least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'hMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year . eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations . data comes nine months after commander Sarah west, the first woman to captain a royal navy warship, was flown back to the uk following claims she had a sexual relationship .
sporty pippa was spotted out jogging in the capital for the second time this week . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .
more and more people are said to be buying kits to carry out their own dental work . the kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops . experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence that DIY dentistry is on the rise .
Frank Abagnale has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters . he was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film catch me if you can . but he changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention .
jamyra gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 . her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . she has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 psychological questions . applicants are asked to rank their response from 'strongly agree' to "strongly disagree" to questions which to some, might not have an obvious answer . the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations . head of human resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for jobs with the company .
severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday . the storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle . it then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of australia’s population live . 'it was always going to be very destructive,' says climate specialist don white .
lib dem leader urged rivals to help stop salmond from 'strutting his stuff' in parliament . he hopes to make a return to the commons by ousting the Lib Dems . salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down .
the home, dubbed 'PV14', boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor . the ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors . because the walls of the shipping containers were removed, columns had to be placed around the house to restore structural integrity .
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965 . he became a friend of the Colonel after meeting at a conference 50 years ago . but he said the chain has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined' .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region . it contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year . its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of fruit and vegetables . however, Puglian growers have opposed the government's destruction plan .
skeleton of ‘Altamura Man’ found entombed in limestone in a cave in lamalunga, near altamura, in southern italy, was discovered in 1993 . researchers analysed DNA extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock and found he was a Neanderthal . he fell down a sinkhole 128,000 to 187,000 years ago and is thought to have starved to death .
the skeleton of Friedrich Brandt, 23, was found under a car park in 2012 . he was killed by Napoleon's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs . it took three years of intense research and a little luck to pin-point his identity .
dozens of barrel jellyfish have been hauled in by fishermen on the coast . experts believe they are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators . stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm .
researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima . the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens . this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . and comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, raped six women over 28 years . he was jailed for ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes . 15 other women have come forward since he appeared in court last year . victim, 23, waived her right to anonymity and said he had ruined her life .
online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits . a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons became a hit with women – many of whom weren’t even pregnant .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water on friday . workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out . others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake .
labour leader insists 'that ain't gonna happen' if he fails to win a majority . he is reliant on them to stay in number 10 and is relying on them . comes after Nicola Sturgeon said labour could only govern with the support of the snp .
two british citizens were among six passengers on the light aircraft . accident happened at about 8.15am in the east of the island . four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from britain . the pilot was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing .
red, worn chair will be removed from enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum . it will be displayed in an open plaza on April 15 as part of the museum's observance of the assassination's 150th anniversary . the chair has a dark stain on the back, which many believe to be blood from the shooting . historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln .
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7pm on thursday night . but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' wrangle . harbour master refused to let the ship leave for the port of portugese . stricken passengers became unwitting pawns in a legal dispute .
claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth .
authorities say police shot and killed a suburban St. Louis black man after he charged at them with a knife . a police body camera recorded the interaction . Thaddeus McCarroll's mother reported on friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in jennings . his mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword .
Luke Harris and daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago . they are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world in just a few weeks after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . first child Phoenix Blue was born naturally on January 14 after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz . the latest addition is daughter Willow-Star Shirley Harris-Lee .
around 20 million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year . pollen is becoming more potent, and greater numbers of plants giving off the allergens is also contributing to a rising number of sufferers . by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers, according to experts .
the average Briton consumes an average of 17 cups of tea each week . those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds who only drink eight cups . almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell .
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors she would die unless she lost more than half her body weight . but her mother, who does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning, continued to buy her daughter fatty foods . 'life is miserable, I hurt all the time,' she said .
Marilyn Zuniga apologised for allowing her students to write to convicted killer . convicted police killer Mumia Abu-Jamal is serving a life sentence in prison . the 60-year-old shot philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in 1981 .
'it helps me stay young and I just keep going,' says great-grandfather . he joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house . his special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death . the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen . it has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections .
two-time felon Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was 'pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside high desert state prison in Indian Springs' he was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four . a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row, according to a lawsuit filed in state court . the blasts killed Perez and arevalo was left with wounds to his face .
slain editor of satirical magazine slams left-wing critics for criticising publication of cartoons of mohammad . in book, he argues left-leaning intellectuals who condemned cartoons were 'ridiculous demagogues' for doing so . extracts of book to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs .
the mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists . scientists have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing . but the song belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a Gray’s beaked whale, according to the study .
a shocking 'resurrection' for a two-year-old dead boy at a church has been caught on camera . in the clip, the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of the pastor's wife, Aracely Meza . the witness, who said she knew the child's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons . she also said he went 25 days without food before he died .
police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer . police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air . no one was injured .
22C (72F) forecast in the south east on friday is also better than the 18C forecast in marbella, 16C in Rhodes and 10C in Istanbul . meanwhile the department for environment, food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of 'very high' air pollution tomorrow .
the liberal arts college in Clinton, new york, sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows . campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45am . bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package . by 3.30pm, officers examined the package and found it to be harmless 
the statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called we love Lucy! get rid of this statue was launched . but a whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings .
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from new york have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools . they all grew up in different cities, but their parents came to the u.s. for opportunities - whether it's improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon . all four - who are the daughter of Somali immigrants - say they have their parents' hard work to thank
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother's affairs . the mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care . but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid . care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt . she pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between 2012 and last year .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the town of dereham for the final time . supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags, who lined the streets to mark the end of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county . they are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick, north Yorkshire .
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person . he was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and malissa Williams, 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . but his attorney said he wasn't calling what Brelon and the other 12 officers did that night heroic .
primatologists at Iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal . found females were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations . this suggests early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey .
house of cards star wore a slinky golden dress from Reem Acra's fall 2013 collection . she eschewed fame to raise her two children instead, after meeting and marrying actor Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989 .
competitive eater Mary Schuyler accomplished the feat in front of hundreds at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday . she ate three 72-ounce steak dinners, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls . the four teams of two that competed against her didn't even come close to winning the challenge .
chefs in the country are angry with the american corporation for attacking their cultural diet . the 18 second video advert appeared to prove that children preferred happy meals to traditional pizza . a top pizza chef described the advert as 'blasphemy' and the true neapolitan pizza association has accused McDonald's of a 'shameful' attack .
KFC allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer . the fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken is fresh and there's nothing to hide . health experts still say that no matter how hygienic the conditions of the 612 outlets in australia are, the food they make just isn't good for you .
a greedy mother told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' at a family Easter egg hunt . she was escorted out of the event at caulfield racecourse in south-east melbourne . event organiser said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event . 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit .
police exhumed the boy's body from his grave last year as part of a case review . DNA samples led police to his mother, who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide . but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends .
aide Huma abedin, 38, spotted grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband and son . wore baseball caps and swung his baseball cap backwards for the dining portion . the family was pictured inside at a table at quaint restaurant in new york . it is her second spicy menu of the week ahead of the presidential campaign .
lawyers for real estate heir say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings . Durst, 72, was arrested in mid-March on a warrant that accused him of killing his friend and writer Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room . they also intercepted a package containing personal items and
Jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . the 19-year-old boasted on his fourth day on the run: 'we don't talk to police!' but on Monday morning he was arrested in the Mount Helen area . his facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of 'bud for cash' and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe .
castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to prepare troops for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942 . overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of troops . soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle, which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises .
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed early for breaking younger sister's bucket . but after 15 minutes he found him hanging in his room by his father . his father desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day . coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was probably looking for 'sympathy and forgiveness'
more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by militants from a secondary school in Chibok . the attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called '#bringbackourgirls' . new president Muhammadu Buhari said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home . but he said he could not promise they would find them .
the 62-year-old led an excursion to the ship which sank in 1857 . around 400 people drowned in the 19th-century shipwreck . he and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins . many of them later sold to a gold marketing group for about $50 million .
at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea . condition causes muscles in the airway to contract during sleep . this cuts off the air supply, usually resulting in a heavy snore . people with sleep breathing problems saw a mental decline a decade earlier .
66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford . she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson county community and dismembering their bodies . both victims were shot in the head in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed a year apart .
paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property . they returned to find the teenager and the girl lying on top of each other . when confronted by paramedc, he said: 'what's your problem? we are just trying to have sex'
carwyn Scott-Howell, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France . he was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia . the family became separated on their last run of the day . investigators ruled out negligence as a factor in his death .
the detective camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device . it was loaded, focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away . the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so that it didn't draw attention from the photographers subjects .
online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season, which is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight . the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night, and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press . they were downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning .
two men have been arrested after a flight from London to Mexico was forced to divert to Bermuda . the Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at around 9.40am yesterday . it was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed .
american tourist, 29, drove wrong way down a busy road in east pattaya . she crashed into 13 other vehicles, injuring two people and breaking two windows . police broke the front passenger window of the car to arrest her when she refused to open the door . the blonde woman was bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob .
jade Wimsey, 24, from goole, east Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day . her fizzy habit caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb . she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months .
retired chief executive watched as his wife slipped away days after catching bug . traces of drug-resistant bacteria found in water running from tap and shower drain . she had been undergoing treatment at the royal Sussex county hospital .
some experts say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger . this week, a consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans .
Lord Neuberger said judges should be 'sensitive' to privileged society . he said they should have an understanding of 'different cultural and social habits' comes after controversial trial of a Muslim woman in 2003 .
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud . his piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury, buckinghamshire . he sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash saying: 'i'm in a plane out of control and it's going down' investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash .
since its construction in 1895, its high walls housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . haunting images emerged in 2011 showing the aftermath of tests carried out on inmates and disabled citizens . nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint and crumbling hallways .
the actress is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace . under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, she has changed what and how she eats and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure .
abedin was photographed leaving a norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and heading toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous campaign van . she has known Clinton since 1996, when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady . in 2008 she tapped her to be her 'body woman' when she ran for president . when she became secretary of state a year later, she became her deputy chief of staff .
labour leader admits party has been 'too timid' about sharing language . but tories say there is nothing in his plans to act to reduce number of people moving to the country . he pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers .
the transport workers' union's national secretary condemned the request . he accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom in a statement .
a year and a half after grand launched his first app, a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change . 'this will change my life in a magnificent way,' he gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live . grand and his mentor, Patrick McConlogue, became media sensations . but Trees and Cars is no longer available, and Grand is still homeless .
ex-Army tank driver was nicknamed 'Hoppy' by colleague at heathrow airport . he joined the firm as plane refueller in 2007 after he was medically discharged . in 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had surgery on his other knee . claims bosses failed to make his job easier after pain in his knee became excruciating .
the family of homeowner Esam Ghazzawi left their 3,300 square foot Sarasota home in late august 2001 . they did not take cars, furniture or food from their refrigerator . an FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said that the family had 'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' . the 9/11 commission wrote that 'the [FBI] report] on which the news article was based was "poorly written" and wholly unsubstantiated...'
father-of-one visited doctors five times in two months after coughing up blood . but after noticing dull ache in his ribs, he was taken to a&e . there, an x-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old's lung . he has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is undergoing chemotherapy .
deckchair was salvaged from the Atlantic ocean after the ship sank in 1912 . anonymous seller kept it by a window overlooking the sea at his home . he never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item . it is too fragile to sit on but has been carefully preserved .
the mayor of london was greeted with a kiss on his right cheek by a fan . he was later spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek . yesterday he fronted a major tory push into Nigel farage's backyard . the tories are defending a majority of 7,600 seats in the seat .
the visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations . it came days after royals from around the world descended on Copenhagen for queen margaret II's 75th birthday .
we are handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney . the models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim . 'strong really is the new sexy,' says designer Jeremy somers .
carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he fell over 164ft drop . he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland . footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed . his family described how he 'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar . the baby was wrapped in a shirt but still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta . workers at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet . after she came out, she went back to her seat, sitting there without speaking a word .
the Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire . but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . last year he blamed immigrants clogging up the motorway after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him .
the historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building . landlady patsy Lord was told by the owners on Easter Monday to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing .
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released . parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire . Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather . forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean 
bus carrying players and coaching staff was shot at near city of Trabzon . driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet after initially stating he was hit by stone . security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it . none of the players or club officials were reported to be injured .
a court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz, the hostage who was killed . the 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the group was holding him .
agents under 30 will have to run a mile in twelve and half minutes and sprint 300 metres in 59 seconds . older agents are given slightly longer times to perform the tests . a man in his 50s is allowed 15.14m for the mile run .
a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station . police commissioner William Bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6 . officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates .
Katie Cope, 17, feared being assaulted by the agitated woman . police refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter . stolen knickers, which had been reduced to £1, were not worth enough .
149 melon-headed whales beached in hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo . coastguards and officials called off rescue operation after only saving three . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying, officials said . scientists are not sure how the creatures ended up on the beach .
a student who identifies as gender neutral claims a whataburger in Austin, Texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie . Tyler Grant, a junior at the university of Texas, prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' and sometimes wears women's clothing . video footage posted to twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant
former met police commissioner to be investigated over 'cover-up' claims . alleged he failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry . watchdog probe stems from complaint from stephen's father Neville .
chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for first time in three years . will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' will be first solo venture with broadcaster since breakdown of marriage . she was forced to divulge details of tumultuous relationship and drug use .
Wigry National Park, in the north-east of the country, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (poland’s Lake District) the area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits .
Kent Sprouse was convicted in 2004 of killing a police officer and a customer outside a convenience store in 2002 . a jury decided in 2004 that he should be executed, and unsuccessful appeals have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings . no new appeals are pending as his lethal injection is scheduled for Thursday evening .
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in west end . the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player . but after going back to his flat with him one night she made excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked
break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7% in the 12 months to April 2014 . Across Scotland, housebreakings rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over same period . police posted pictures of Lego figures on their facebook page . victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke'
father-of-one Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32 . he hired a 20ft-tall billboard on the side of the road in Walsall, west mids . the billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'tara you've changed my life. Will you marry me?' he then went down on one knee and asked her to marry him .
alleged horse thief, 30-year-old Francis Pusok, was chased by a helicopter . two deputies catch up with him and stun him with a Taser . he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee . they continue to beat him with their fists and kick him in the groin .
Get Rid of Sids project has had its charity status revoked . the not-for-profit organisation had been organising seminars featuring anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny . she had to cancel her talks due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists' .
'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb' was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile . the gas giant is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way .
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, is suing her former college because she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009 . the student, who had been dancing since the age of 16, had wanted to join the dance troupe to use her performance work as part of her thesis . she lost 16lb in one month but was still denied an audition . after around a year, she lost a total of 60lb .
just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean . the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s . experts from the world health organisation said this figure should ideally be between 10 per cent and 15 per cent .
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie Jackson, who he met while taking Spanish lessons together . the pair will have to follow his family's strict courting rules, which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates, with ‘side hugs’ the only permitted form of physical contact . their courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his older sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David 
shadow education secretary was visiting primary school in Derbyshire . he asked the 10-year-old boy who he would vote for in next month's election . when he replied 'very good', he said: 'to get all the foreigners out the country' mother of the child, who wished to remain anonymous, said she was 'embarrassed'
the man was spearfishing off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing . the bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in palm beach, florida .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him . the page has over 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about him and keep up to date with his daily activities . he was hand-reared as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild .
four-bedroom property in central London's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace . one hundred and fifty years ago it was used as a milking parlour before being knocked down in the 19th Century . developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place .
the 24-year-old is one of the first models to have a full tattoo . he has landed down under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes .
the details of the RAF's main base on the islands were published on their website . the blunder occurred as argentina was described as a 'very live threat' the details could have been used as 'invasion guide' by Argentines .
copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them . when Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow . he then turned on saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm . another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also
two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday . 'he cannot come into this building or be driving a WHDH vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case,' judge said from the bench .
footage shows carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into slingshot at the indy speedway park on Panama City beach, florida, over the weekend . at the start they seem calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .
Xiao gao, 11, has not spoken a word in five days after classmate gave him water . combination of water, perfume and chalk dust should not have caused damage . school officials said classmate 'became very afraid' and told teachers it was meant as a joke . she said when he drank the water his classmates told him to spit it out but by then he had already swallowed it .
staff at the red hot world buffet served girl a drink with alcohol in it . restaurant bosses admit mistake but blame mother for leaving daughter alone . 'it is unbelievable. they are so unprofessional. how dare they blame it on me,' says mother .
queenscliff couple win case against disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop redevelopment of their home . neighbour, Wendy Goyer, claimed her 'small but charming view' would be obstructed if addition was built . council initially suggested the couple withdraw their plans and reconsider a way they could 'preserve the views' of the neighbouring property .
research on the king's skeleton discovered under a car park in Leicester . found to have distinctive scoliosis, or sideways bending of the spine . condition caused one shoulder to be slightly higher than the other . genetic analysis showed he almost certainly had blue eyes and likely blonde hair - although it may have darkened with age .
amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32 . she developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months . now weighing just 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and wearing size 6 clothes, she says she would give anything to get her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally .
in 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground . this adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas .
justice Diana Bryant spoke out at the university of Queensland in Brisbane . she said surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment . her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases .
the unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe . it was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times . some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia .
captain of flight AI611 complained co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him . captain flew plane to jaipur and informed Air India staff of incident . airline insists altercation was limited to verbal argument, and there was no physical violence .
Tonya Stack, wife of state's lieutenant governor, reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle at a fundraiser in honor of a slain Afghanistan veteran . he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him . boyle said that she came close to getting soaked, but that he took the brunt of the blast .
49% think Camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king . 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana . 16% were undecided and 42% said they had neither a positive or negative impression . but 44% believed Camilla was well prepared to be the queen's wife .
Kyle Iveson burst into a store and demanded cash from his mother-in-law . he tried to hide his identity by lowering his voice, but she recognised him . the 24-year-old escaped with £650, but was quickly arrested .
the comment was made while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign . the former secretary of state kicked off her campaign last week in Iowa and will move on to new Hampshire on Monday . 'i'm proud of her,' he said of his wife to CNN reporter Ryan Nobles .
the former child star turned real housewife is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the Beverly Hills Hotel . among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism . she was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer .
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986 . the great-great grandmother had said goodbye to everyone except her team . but her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer Nick Lowery . shortly after the visit, she passed away, just as he was leaving .
the 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy . the model came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her tiny and toned figure, claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child . she took to Instagram on Monday to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy, writing: '10 days until we meet #BabyJames'
Chen Yuntao, 38, has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him . the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his son . son, 9, is suffering from leukaemia and has undergone 20 course of chemotherapy . he has already spent 200,000 yuan (£21,800) on medical bills .
retired soldier arrested over shooting of man with learning difficulties in 1974 . the 27-year-old was shot by the army in a field in Benburb, county armagh . a man, 73, has now been detained in england and is being taken to northern ireland for questioning .
zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz placed camera in animals' water troughs . he filmed them for a total of 30 hours and cut footage down to four minutes . some animals initially sceptical about foreign object placed at bottom . but eventually they got used to camera and drank freely .
controversial the sun columnist has heaped praise on 'tiny hearts and balls of steel' . but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with social justice groups . she claimed australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward . 'it's time to get Australian,' she wrote in a blog post .
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife, their 2-year-old daughter Celeste and their 8-year old son Timothy III . investigators say he strangled them with a USB cord at their home in eastpointe, Michigan, on monday evening . he is also charged with child abuse . his wife and two children were found dead at the home .
the change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!', has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . it comes just weeks after a baby elephant was ridden around a swimming pool by drunken guests at a resort .
'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam . adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death . couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect 100 lashes . those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and offences such as drinking wine or 'calumny' thieves will have their hands severed from their arms .
campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated . in response to anti-vaccination campaigners, Elmo asks the Surgeon General why everybody doesn't get a shot .
music director sacked after falling out with senior church figures . all 13 choristers have now resigned in 'solidarity' over the sacking . first time in 200 years the 14th century church will be without a choir .
the 45p top tax rate is not one of the Government's priorities, says Chancellor . he dodged questions over plans to offer more help to the country's top earners . instead he says the tories are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance from £10,000 to £12,500 .
italian spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of murder . he was spotted out and about in the italian capital Rome this week . days earlier he looked at a £100,000 BMW at car dealership in city . both he and his former lover, american Amanda Knox, were acquitted .
a 4WD containing four children and an adult crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west . police believe that all children are under the age of six . the relation between the female driver and the four children is not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital . a fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the royal children's hospital and remains in a serious condition .
the images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols . the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished .
workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media . 'Weather 47 - 0 umbrellas,' sam Moore wrote on twitter after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a bin in sydney .
the Seattle Seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots on february 5 . on tuesday, the cornerback and girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed their son, Rayden . in the most recent photo, which he shared to Instagram on Thursday, he is seen cradling the newborn with his feet in the sand on the beach .
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14 . her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts . police are treating the investigation as a homicide . the family made an emotional appeal for information last week .
jafar Adeli, 32, thought he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex . he agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make 13-mile journey to Leicester . when he arrived, he had three condoms in his pocket but was arrested . vigilante group letzgo hunting filmed his reaction to the incident . video of his arrest has been posted on facebook and viewed 10,000 times .
parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother . they include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee .
a man has accidentally captured a bizarre encounter between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours . the incident happened on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend . he has since contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs .
mother-of-three was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend . the 35-year-old did not think she was going to survive the seven hour ordeal . she begged him to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor . young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder .
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' stealing clothes from high street stores . they then sold them online through facebook and took £7,000 in online payments . one daughter boasted of making £100 a week and dreamed about going it alone . judge jailed her for 30 months, her daughter for 20 months and her two daughters . now they have been told to pay back just £1 each and face seven days behind bars .
the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street . it caters to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags . clients include imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars . prices are bespoke, depending on how stained or damaged a bag is .
coin was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between Bristol and bath . experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC . it suggests there were links between the south west of england and the Mediterranean . on one side there is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of carthage .
the 18-year-old daugher of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of Elle magazine, revealed that she used to spend nights with 'one of her friends' – meaning Kendall – in their 'sister's apartment' - meaning Kim’s multi-million-dollar residence . 'i would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week,' she said .
just two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning . researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . the drug blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells, meaning the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether .
cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month . researchers are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer . many women go on to develop resistance and the disease comes back .
two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms . you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium (700mg) cashews are rich in plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants, which have been shown to reduce the risk of age-related macular degeneration, and cognitive decline . peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut .
survey of 757 parents carried out by mumsnet, the largest internet community for parents . it found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 . more than 60 per cent admitted they were not confident their child would know what to do if someone collapsed, wouldn’t wake up or if there was a fire .
vintage posters are a throwback to the golden age of air travel, when flying was an exclusive experience . they're featured in a new coffee table book, Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975, which revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental . author Matthias C Huhne, the 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crash into a fence on the edge of a cliff . he then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety . since he didn't stop to give police his name, warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the rescue went viral online .
labour leader said second referendum 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes pm with the support of SNP MPs next month . intervention came as former prime minister warned that the SNP was 'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
'she is drunk and on pills and she just attacked me,' says her husband . 'i think the baby got hurt... she was hitting me and the baby. I got it all on tape,' he says .
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son, Damien, last year when he was killed fighting for the Islamic State in Syria . the mother says her son was bullied in high school and converted to Islam at the age of 17 . but in 2011 he started growing his beard out and distancing himself from the family . she is now working to stop the extremist group from taking advantage of more vulnerable young men and women in north america .
the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin . it took over seven months to obtain permits to dig up the bones . zookeepers often go on fossil-searching trips as a way to be outside .
from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 . a fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat . critics have gone as far as calling the new set-up 'economy minus'
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic - and assumed she must have an allergy . but when switching brands failed to help, she developed night sweats and a rash . tests revealed she was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system . the most common symptom of the condition is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin .
the 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip . the sign's design, which doesn't have a copyright owner, has become a fixture on travel tchotchkes from Vegas .
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, spotted friend waiting for a bus and shouted 'watch this' he sped down the road and overtook cars 'recklessly' - narrowly avoiding central reservation . he then crashed into cyclist Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing the road . former factory worker died instantly from his injuries at the scene . judge said 'heartless' Hamilton 'could not have cared less' about safety .
Catherine Gerhardt teaches her students to follow 'ICE' and ignore the bully . a 'flamer' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction . by communicating the incident to an adult and then exiting the situation, the behaviour is not escalated .
the andaz Liverpool Street hotel is built on the site of the first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem royal hospital . four of the 267 rooms have been decorated by trendy artists . the likes of lady gaga, beyonce and lil kim are fans of the hotel .
a coroner has questioned the lack of swimming lessons in the curriculum . the 15-year-old drowned in the river Great Ouse in Hartford, despite being unable to swim . swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for those aged 11 or over . hearing heard that swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a 'critical life skill'
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . she was also caught allegedly burning her legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . this after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl, which she called the 'worst video' she has ever seen .
'Reenactment MfS' - the ministry for state security better known as the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the east german state . new book containing photos of desperation used as evidence in show trials against those caught . also thought to have been used to train up border guards so they knew what people might try to do to escape .
of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited pets as a close family member . more than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families . over a third said that their family’s happiness was their top priority .
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old to rest in 1999 . but she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs . the little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, then 24 . he was jailed for four years after throwing her so violently she suffered brain damage and four skull fractures when her crying disturbed his number checking ritual .
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in and have a 2512in waist . they must also be able to do a host of yoga moves including the scorpion . casting call also gives details of 33-year-old's head and wrist circumferences .
thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away . they were unaware of major vehicle tax rule changes following switch to digital tax discs . critics allege the DVLA has been operating a 'money-making scam' .
police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide . new reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on February 26, the day of his death, he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself' governor Jay Nixon on Tuesday announced plans to appoint fellow democrat and county treasurer Nicole Galloway
workers in china are constructing a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province . without ropes or safety harnesses, and with only hard hats to protect them if they fall, the men spend their days hauling planks of wood and wheelbarrows full of concrete . officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area as they flock to walk along the scenic route .
images show soldiers of the french second foreign parachute Regiment dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border . taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel .
the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in Schenectady, new york . two decades later, the Central Arizona Project and the Salt River Project invested in research to make it a reality . since 2007, CAP has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states to increase the supply of water in the Colorado River system .
the all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building . facility is the first of its kind at the white house and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues .
four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night . they had been taken from their abusive father back in Italy to hide out in australia and now were being sent back to the 'monster' against their will . the girls' mother had taken them from their home in Italy on a 'vacation' and never returned, claiming their father was an abuser .
scientists at Brandeis university in Massachusetts believe all-nighters won't work . they believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones, work most effectively when a person is asleep . but just how that process works has remained a mystery . study focused on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies .
former lager lout weighed 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle . he would drink up to 12 pints a night before giving up beer to lose weight . the 26-year-old also gave up greasy takeaways and fatty readymeals . after losing 10 stone, he went to the gym regularly and saw the pounds fall off .
hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels . toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket . despite common misconceptions, it is possible to get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe .
Robert Tomanovich, 55, hung a noose and a confederate flag on a fence at his home in suburban Detroit . when neighbours complained, a second one appeared on the tree outside his tree-cutting business . the businessman has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second nooses were a deliberate move to antagonise locals .
as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer and these are of no consequence . small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment . coeliac disease and Crohn's disease can first present as mouth ulcers .
all but one of the 10 former educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday . the judge had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . but only two agreed to deals . a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m . curfew at home for one year and an ex testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail . they'll also serve
a $220,000 Lamborghini operated by Trevor Watson, 24, slammed into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World on sunday . driver Gary Terry, 35, died at the scene . investigators say he tried to grab the wheel and counter-steer the out-of-control car before it crashed into the guardrail . the driver was wearing helmets and lap and shoulder belts .
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine . support for the party has more than halved in two seats and by a third in most of the others . revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in uk .
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, new jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason Hess when he began choking on applesauce . but when she took him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy . the mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child . a medical examiner determined the boy died as a
the video features four party leaders forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband . it is designed to show that the tories, lib dems, labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration . the song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the quartet .
where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations . love food hate waste warns you if you are about to buy duplicate ingredients . british street food shows off where the best traders are in the country .
two of its citizens allegedly abused while returning from pilgrimage . announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers . sunni Saudi Arabia has led the bombing campaign against Yemeni rebels .
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession . she referred to an Asian job applicant as a member of the terror group . also talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent . disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' actions .
mother-of-three Annegret Raunigk, 65, is expecting quadruplets . daughter leila, ten, is due to turn 10 this year . pensioner says she is not bothered by what people say about her decision . 'i have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid,' she says .
the Ben Canaan family left Gloriavale on the west coast of the south island last month . they left with their twelve children and few worldly possessions . the family moved into a home with modern appliances and a farm job .
'i think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program . McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had 'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 
Hannah Moore, 20, from west lothian, shared images of her post-pregnancy body . she suffered stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls in June last year . her account was deleted 'within two minutes' of posting them on site . mother-of-twins claims images were deemed to contain 'nudity and violence' .
the minister for investment and trade battled depression for 43 years . he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood . but it was medication that 'really did the trick', he said .
at her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts . she spent it on nights out and items such as shoes . the family of the victims, a couple in their late 80s who have now died, set up a camera and filmed her taking cash . today she was jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to nine counts of theft .
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at gyms . he obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a doctor . in one spree, he stole a man's platinum wedding ring and a 40th birthday bracelet . tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop . but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack and jailed for 32 months .
the candidate, who is gay, is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent . he is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page licking a female friend's breasts . underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko' but he insists the photos show him enjoying himself like a normal person .
truck driver Trevor Vale has pleaded with australians to attend an Anzac Day service . he posted a five-minute video online while on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne . the video has been viewed over 800,000 times . his wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan .
PC Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by his force . he was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues . internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy . derogatory comments were made about him based on his colour . when he raised concerns with his superiors they were not taken seriously .
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice when he lost control of the italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney world . father-of-one Gary Terry, 36, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to hospital where he was later declared stable . the day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision . later that afternoon, Watson crashed the Lamborg
the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes on December 7, 1941 . 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed in the attack on pearl harbor . only 35 were identified in the years immediately after the attack . dozens were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii and in 1950, they were reburied at the national memorial cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl . move is apparently part of a new policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops 
max muggeridge, 19, from the gold coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend . the avid angler spent three hours trying to reel in the monster . he said he was 'absolutely shattered' and had blood blisters all over his hands .
'did he make all the right decisions? No,' defense attorney James Sultan said in closing arguments . 'he really didn't know what to do. he just put one foot in front of the other,' he said .
'political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct,' he said . he argued a black man could play 003 or 006, but could not be 007 . comments come in response to months of speculation that black actor Idris Elba is in the running to replace Daniel Craig as the next James Bond actor .
work and pensions secretary said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'how out of touch the Tories are'
'i admire her remarkable talent and that should have been the focus of any discussion about her,' he said . the 67-year-old was asked: 'Have you seen Kelly Clarkson? you know the singer, Kelly? Holy cow, did she blow up?' . within minutes, his response had sparked outrage online . now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks .
the tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University . experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances .
the families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field . the widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres . new york mayor bill de Blasio was joined by the families at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny .
two scantily-clad strippers performed at a funeral home in Taipei, taiwan . the exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a final gift . they gyrated around the coffin to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger .
celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival . this year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, the Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others . attendees were donned in warm-weather gear from tank top and shorts to swimsuits while others brought out their eclectic best .
visitors at the zoo heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived . he suffered minor bumps and bruises and is in stable condition at the hospital . there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday .
the baby, named Prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva . both mother and child are doing well, according to the royal's followers . the model, 26, married the 44-year-old royal in 2013 .
the 28-year-old spanish teacher 'planned to invite the boy over to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting 'so they could get high and have sex' she 'exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sexual acts and explicit Snapchat messages' she turned herself into police after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $10,000 bail .
the 22-year-old's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year .
the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech . animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .
more than 140 pupils have been removed from their classes in washington . they could not prove they had legally required vaccinations, which includes measles . health experts warn the country is in danger of being gripped by a pandemic . a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus .
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve . the winner will be made into an actual product, funded through a Kickstarter campaign .
Deputy prime minister heckled by protesters in surbiton, south-west london . protesters chanted: 'nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' lib dem leader ignored protesters as he stuck to his message . comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by tories .
deputies undressed the body of 20-year-old Jessica mejia, who was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend smashed their car into a pole in 2009 . when they arrived on the scene, they took nude photos of the young woman . the photos left the victim's family feeling 'violated', according to the lawsuit .
the last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now lives under a 24-hour guard . a four man team of armed guards now protects Sudan the Northern White Rhino who is the last male of his species .
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at the royal collection trust . she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster yesterday . the leading art and design figure was the fifth cyclist killed on the road this year . her brother describes her as an 'extraordinary, inspirational woman'
dustin irons was appearing over video-link to a court in umatilla, oregon . he pulled down his trousers for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs . outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court .
heartbroken owner, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home . he took two tortoiseshells, two black and two brown, all short-haired guinea pigs that besides being show-quality, were also beloved family pets . police investigating theft have not ruled out a rival competitor .
police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra shemansky, 57, was found dead . he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement and has a history of bipolar mental illness . his mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce .
Kristina Schake, 45, reportedly behind drive to get another first lady elected . former white house aide helped transform first lady's image into all-american 'everywoman' she has worked as chief communications officer at l'oreal for past two years . will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible one . experts say former persona could have hampered her 2008 presidential contest . but former aide's persona has worked wonders for first
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed . but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot . police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life .
thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ‘mock war’ . dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held .
the queen and princess Margaret recorded a tape of favourite children's songs . the royals recorded songs such as I know where the flies go in winter time . pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham palace by princess Margaret .
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked through traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing sneakers . after he was arrested, Kenney told police that he would 'rather die than be caught by these unknown people' he has previous arrests for disorderly conduct and making a riot .
naturalists in paradise tells the story of three young explorers who set off in 1961 to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the amazon basin . they were all classic examples of Victorian self-improvement . despite being attacked by a nasty species of wasp, they remained a paradise .
the game will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . it will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles .
australian nurse Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof, 31, died six days after giving birth . she was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five . her parents were told she only had three months to live . a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised $40,000 in her memory .
the woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it . she placed her luggage on the scales and lashed out hitting an airport worker . the airline employee was fined VND7.5 million, which equates to £240 .
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were found to be 'highly intoxicated' by police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 . the pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body . mendez told police he was hit in the back of the head with a beer bottle and then stole his car .
four koalas have been sent from australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence . the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fitted with a eucalyptus tree and climate control . they will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo .
the move comes at a time when CEO pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies - among the highest level of inequality in history . the company will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees - even the most junior customer service representatives .
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year . comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales . experts believe people are buying the books because they want a better understanding of the religion .
the former secretary of state, 67, is primed for a digital outreach campaign tailored to the expectations of younger, more tech-savvy voters . in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing her brand through the 2016 elections . Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps .
developers have submitted fresh plans to demolish park crescent in london . crescent was designed by architect of Buckingham palace in 1900s . it will be replaced with a £500milion block of luxury flats worth £15million . but residents behind the site are furious at the proposals . they claim years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives . development will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios to mews houses .
the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page . 'we will never call and ask for money,' the state emergency service assures the public . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money, condemning those responsible .
megumi Igarashi was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands of people signed a petition demanding her release . but she was arrested again in December, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data -- namely CD-ROMs containing computer code for a 3D printer .
the annual water temple fair in Jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing .
supermarket prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade . milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen biggest fall . on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable .
Audrey Bolte, a former miss Ohio 2012 beauty queen, told the court she was expecting to see Ryan Poston but he failed to arrive . that was because she shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly 'cackled' with glee . a cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars, testified to the court that hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges . hubers
gunman claims to have killed his lawyer and co-defendant before shooting judge . fourth victim, a witness, had no visible injuries and died of a heart attack . he was due to appear in court today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy .
miss Hopkins, 40, said vessels 'need pushing back' to cut immigration . asked listeners to radio show: 'why do we take on everyone else's problem?' comments labelled 'dangerous' and a 'manifestation of toxic hate in the uk'
fast bowler Jimmy Anderson took his 384th wicket in his 100th Test . he overtakes sir Ian Botham's all-time wicket-taking record . botham was watching the first test from the stands in antigua . his parents and friends applauded him after he took the all-important wicket .
the collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years . comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating . the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 .
the current prime minister's kitchen has got everyone talking more than any of the other political leaders' . do you have as much cachet as Cameron? perhaps you're more Onslow and Daisy than Hyacinth? use my short household audit to discover how posh your pile really is . score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be .
'this has been a tough year for me,' maria Lucia, 44, wrote in a letter to fans on the current's website as she explained why she would be taking some time off work following the ordeal . the alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, 56, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
an hour with Ruta claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen country's 'genetic material' argued that Norway's Child Protection Service (Barnevernet) was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a 'sought-after commodity'
a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach . George davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at middle Tennessee state university, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City . he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week . the brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for
two women 'visited cockpit' during flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld . they were off-duty members of staff wearing their staff lanyards . fellow passengers on board expressed concerns about the behaviour . the incident has been investigated by the Irish Aviation Authority .
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone . mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to size ten to 12 in half a year . colleagues thought her husband had traded her in for a younger, slimmer model .
last week, UK oil & gas investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class resource' it claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent . now the company has been forced into an embarrassing U-turn, admitting that it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region .
David Nicholson, 48, 'sent explicit messages to prostitute about spanking her' married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke . he is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his school email address to contact an escort through an adult website .
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in north Ridgeville, oh, on her bike early sunday morning . her parents believe she left around 4am with a backpack packed with clothes and her bike . she was found in the same town on monday afternoon . police have not released any details about where she was during her 24 hours missing .
mum Gitte denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in leuven, belgium, to warm up milk . but when she came to pay, she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added . photo of bill went viral and triggered outrage on social media website .
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found their children unaccompanied . on sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park . the children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to child protection services .
celebrities wore outlandish outfits at the festival in the california desert . jaden and kate moss wore floral-print tunics and patterned leggings . teen Kylie Jenner wore nude hotpants and hiking boots .
Habeeb latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women patients . he allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge feeling . married GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . the women had booked appointments with him to deal with back pain .
terrified actress, 50, was forced to make desperate call to police last summer . she locked herself in a cupboard and told officers she was hiding in her closet . corbett broke into the house brandishing a love letter for the actress . he has pleaded not guilty to charges bought against him .
a two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found naked in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from a car wash . the toddler reportedly shouted 'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter . police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan altima, which was seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted .
Rajee Narinesingh, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, stepped out on sunday showing off a new look . she had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of bot
Jeremy Scott's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede . he sent his models down the runway in Barbie doll inspired dresses in Milan . weighed down by eyelashes, Olivia Phillips, 30, took to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll .
five-day-old hippo caught up in fight between two adults in iSimangaliso wetland park, in eastern south africa . calf's mother watched in horror as it was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water .
the picture is believed to show disgraced principal watching pornography . it was taken by a student at geelong college, south-west of Melbourne . the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen . he resigned from his position at the private school after an investigation .
the Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday . it wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew discovered a gaping hole in the nose of the plane . the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed . no one was injured .
the 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops . he claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . the bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down . theresa may initially rejected an application for sanctuary but immigration judges have now overturned her decision .
Danila Kislitsyn, 31, would use poisoned sausages to kill strays and pets . he also believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis . animal charities furious when judge handed him a fine of just £200 .
former royal footman said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by VIP paedophile ring in 1970s and 80s .
in an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the australian market, cable TV's Foxtel will screen every episode in a full season marathon . a kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title . in the us, the series is one of the major titles for Netflix there, though the organisation recently clashed with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts .
native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland . number of reds has been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . there have been a number of sightings of red squirrels in Windermere, in the picturesque lake district .
the pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday's manifesto launch . housing associations responded furiously with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal' there were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under european human rights laws .
the twin 18-month-old boys fell into an Arizona canal at 9.45am on friday . they have been identified as bothers Eli and Silas Keslar of Yuma . a Go Fund Me page set up over the weekend named them and their parents, mark and Alexis . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs has already raised over $10,000 .
Emily Ratajkowski, 23, shot to fame as half-naked star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike . a newly unveiled set of photographs show her showing off her enviable figure .
an outfit worn by Vivien leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in the classic 1939 film sold for $137,000 at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California . it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .
the five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years . it offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room . five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes .
her secret service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts . she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. on the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer . the Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats, while the Manchester flight
underwear model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage gained 28lbs during her pregnancy . the 30-year-old from los angeles posted a string of pregnancy selfies showing off her rock-hard abs . her son was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last week .
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds . 30-year-old took money from till and put it in her pocket or handbag . she admitted thefts between march 2013 and February 2014 at court . given nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1 .
'too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote of the event at Camp Williams, outside of salt lake city . one officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with the shoot . the investigator said he hoped the Utah National Guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media 'that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men' from military stores .
the specialised 77 Brigade is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel . it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents . but even when fully operational, it will number just 454 regular and reservist troops . in a letter to his troops, the commander says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ to challenge IS’s ascendency online .
jaclyn Methuen, 30, confesses to her new husband that she wanted to be a runaway bride during a web exclusive clip from tonight's episode of the FYI series . 'she wanted to run away. I just feel pure disappointment,' Ryan, 29, says .
a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture . lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the house oversight committee last week . a majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will'
a busy working week can take its toll on our lives, leaving little time to plan meals . dentist Dr Sameer Patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' here, he reveals the biggest offenders and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health .
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January . now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the random number generator . they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program .
the 80-year-old's daughter died of complications from diabetes in 2011 . two of her granddaughters and her husband decided to get a tattoo in memory of her . 'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' she said . the decision took the rest of her family by surprise .
manager of deli in Brooklyn said detective was caught on camera stealing cash . detective Ian Cyrus, 49, has been suspended without pay . his supervisor has been placed on desk duty pending further investigation .
Andy and Kim wed this weekend at a service in Dunblane cathedral . the wedding was followed by a reception at the couple's luxury hotel . his mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children . she said that she will take an active part in their lives .
experts from the centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences (CIRHUS) in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread . they concluded that northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent . farming is thought to have arrived in Britain around 6,000 years ago - long before agriculture came to Britain .
the 34-year-old father-of-five was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after an argument with three teenagers . one of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday . the suspect, who was held on $125,000 bail, is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . during the alleged incident, Kelly and a friend were fishing on the Minnesota side
Andrew Hennells posted a message on facebook 15 minutes before threatening staff . the 31-year-old said he was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on february 13 . minutes later, a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife . he fled the scene but was found in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash .
images show seals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto ships . they are eventually skinned for their fur and clubbed to death on ice floes . humane society international says seals 'die violently for fur products nobody wants' images were taken from helicopter above newfoundland as commercial hunt gets underway . 'if killing happened in view of public, it would have been shut down'
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body . these seven symptoms are an indicator you are under stress, she says . cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6 .
photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed 'sky art'
Darren Goddard, 48, 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with son in 1989 . six years earlier, he had moved to germany to pursue a career in the army . he met his mother, who he married two years later, on his return to the uk . three years ago, his daughter created a facebook page for him . but he never used the account and was about to delete it when appeal appeared .
the woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. it fell straight in there,' she said . she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup to the delight of fans around her .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car . it has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' Chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future’ . the car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round . and using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .
17-year-old suffers from cystic fibrosis and has to miss dozens of lessons . her family appealed to the school to allow her to take part in graduation ceremony . plan was that she would finish the outstanding work necessary to graduate . but school officials refused and instead told her she could participate in a small summer ceremony - but she is desperate to graduate in time for the main event .
57-year-old grandmother-of-nine died of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm . ambulance service has apologised for the delay caused by call handler error . 'it's like they say don't get bad on a weekend,' husband says of wife .
pietro boselli, 26, is an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD . he was scouted by armani junior which started off a double life of studying hard for his exams and posing in front of the lens whenever he could . his students at the university of central london discovered the fitness fanatic's secret after googling him .
the couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south Kirkwood Road, south west Houston . her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over . police spent several hours questioning the husband about the tragic events that unfolded Monday . but no charges have been filed against him .
hookers for Hillary work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City . the legal brothel was the subject of HBO's cathouse series . cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her .
smoke poured over westhampton beach on tuesday afternoon . the fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed . it is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings .
the book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year . subjects include his incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures . perhaps unsurprisingly, the manual contains now mention of the country's history, instead devoting its chapters to questionable details about his childhood .
the birth of prince george in 2013 did nothing to diminish the global fascination surrounding royal babies . the survey asked 1713 Brits and 1124 americans their opinions on the second child . in the UK, Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names, with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent . americans instead favour distinctively prominent royal names with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent, and Elizabeth and Victoria tying at 12% .
four-day inspection from experts from Moscow under a european arms control treaty . they are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression . it is the first time Russian inspectors have attended Nato manoeuvres since relations between Moscow and the alliance plummeted after the annexation of Crimea .
the drone was flying asparagus to a Michelin-starred restaurant in the uk . it crashed and exploded mid-way through its journey to the restaurant . the pilot had followed the drone in a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed .
prosecutors filed paperwork in Circuit Court charging Geraldine Jones, 36, with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement . police say they have not yet been in contact with Jones, of Gary, who police say is being treated in Texas for depression . a woman called Fleming's mother before she disappeared saying she was with DCS and wanted information .
the judge who posted details of the star's adoption has been forced to hand in his licence because of a bribery conviction . he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July . in another case, he made comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community .
mandy Greenwood, 39, was abused by her father, 61, as a child . she carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years . it was only after she confided in her husband, Dave, that she felt strong enough to seek help .
the 3,600-passenger, union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the british market . with a 3600 capacity, the ship is the biggest in the uk . a patissier, he once refused to bake a cake for the queen .
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow . kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
the video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in cottonwood, ariz., on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight . one of the officers says: 'no, you are not going to separate me from my parents,' followed by, 'don't touch me' . a Walmart employee is also seen trying to aid police and throwing a punch in a bid to subdue the band members .
Jeremy, 54, has been sacked from top gear after a 'fracas' with a producer . his estranged wife, 53, showed off her tan in a white bikini on a beach in barbados . the couple have two daughters and a son and have lived apart for years .
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail . now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year . the abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between granado and one of the boys last month . she admitted kissing the pupil and allowing him to touch her breasts
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne .
two aviation fans set out to document the world's airport codes and explain how they were chosen . listing the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries, they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms . SUX - Iowa's Sioux City airport embraced the name with the tag line 'Fly Sux'
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' said the manager of the Maumee, ohio, restaurant . 'the other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign . not every Chipotle restaurant has a jar for change. And many customers pay with a card .
training consultant's firm brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014 . his firm is listed in company records as providing 'management consultancy activities' he married the heiress in a £7million wedding in france in July 2013 .
former pm said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of ex-leaders to advise governments . praised authoritarian military regime in Egypt, accused of human rights abuses . said his ideas of leadership were 'close to a dictatorship'
none* is available to download for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices . players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white . they use the keyboard to type their guesses in order to progress to the next level . there are 50 levels in total in 'Episode One' and clues get tougher . but upon playing the app, this is not known and it seems mysterious .
the 21-year-old man from Clacton has been arrested on suspicion of murder . he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man, 54 . the victim, known locally as 'Pongo' was killed in 'an altercation' in the town . police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the scene .
Netflix is near the top of the pile, paying a median of $180,000 a year . the other boldface name in the group is google, which comes in at no. 13 and pays an average of $143,000 . but to make it on to the payrolls of these top companies, workers needs to be highly educated, highly skilled or highly connected .
patrolman Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks . he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family . it is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so he will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden .
truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania offered £100 for each driver . mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified driver to undertake work for four weeks . this is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon .
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday . his 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone . since the teens' deaths, more than 3,000 people have signed a Change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge .
wei Guiyi, 76, guides blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around using bamboo sticks . couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s but were never able to have children .
migrants forced to deny faith or face death at hands of islamist gunmen . Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago . around 900 people died when their boat capsized during same journey . tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage .
the aluminium battery was created at Stanford university, california . it is said to be the first high-performance battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge, but the new battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity .
the body of adored teacher and bride-to-be Stephanie Scott has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . the 26-year-old's burned body was found five metres from a road in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, on friday afternoon . a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner .
vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria charity last month . she runs the charity alongside the force's chief constable, Sue Sim . critics accuse the pair of concocting a 'soap opera' within the force .
the 56-page book was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, in Buckinghamshire . it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist . the handwritten notebook was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york on monday .
former Destrehan high school teacher shelley dufresne, 32, was arrested in september after a 16-year-old student started bragging to friends that he was sleeping with two teachers . an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current teacher at the time, dufrede, and his teacher from the prior year, 24-year old Rachel Respess . in exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity,
'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots . it was designed by architect Charles Wright and won the Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014 . the property has been on the market for over a year, but real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell .
45 per cent of under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck . 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year . as gadgets get smaller, users lean over them more, putting neck under pressure .
the most expensive edition model costs £2,500 more in the UK than the US . at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model . the cheapest model is the 38mm Sport and costs £299 in the uk . in the us, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax . this is a difference of £42 when bought in California compared to the us .
footage shows how one man emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on . he then tried to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash in east London . the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW briefly reversed before ramming into the other man between the three cars .
the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning was honored by the US Postal Service in a star-studded ceremony on Tuesday . the stamp was unveiled at an event featuring first lady Michelle Obama and postmaster general Megan J. Brennan . a quote attributed to Angelou on the stamp is actually that of another author .
royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked on Tuesday . just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus . the noxious virus causes vomiting and diarrhea and can live on surfaces for weeks .
the 19-year-old has been announced as the face of the brand's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign . the partnership between the platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand was fused together by the MILES agency .
Eloise Parry 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing highly-toxic substance . 21-year-old began feeling unwell at lunchtime and drove herself to hospital . doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger . her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later .
56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on 'leibniz notation' he wrote: 'i find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' it was written at the Bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 . it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist .
marc carn, 29, was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends when he disappeared . he failed to turn up for flight home and his family contacted the foreign office . they said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins . but the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the consulate .
re-tweeted image with caption: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks . up to 950 people perishing off the italian island of Lampedusa .
former Chancellor bemoaned the party's recent electoral performances . warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets . also criticised leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband .
a busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums' the tory leader has staged his first on-camera walkabout of the campaign . he was urged to avoid 'name calling' tactics against labour leader Ed Miliband .
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, was arrested for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter at their home in Evans, Georgia . the mother-of-five had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before splitting from her husband, her lawyer said . but following their divorce last year, she began drinking and eventually broke away from the church, where she had once taught . she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink
the $2 coin commemorates the 100th anniversary of the landing of the Anzacs at Gallipoli during world war one . it features an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers . a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers also features on the coin . one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks .
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday . his release was slammed with india calling it an 'insult' to victims of the three-day onslaught . it comes after nearly four months of wrangling over his detention after a judge granted bail in December .
facebook's 'Sidebar status' lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app . it can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends . there, they can see short updates such as 'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home’ . the feature is currently only available to selected people for testing .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of the fast-food chain quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing at the customer . 'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying . the customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument .
easyJet and BA among airlines set to scrap hundreds of flights over strike . walk-out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours . experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed . new regultion forces travel operators to check passports of passengers .
court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when pulled over . he had already been jailed three times for missing payments in 2008 . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face judge . dashboard camera footage released on tuesday shows him fleeing his car .
the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by police . the baby was found struggling to breathe while trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster in myrtle beach, south carolina . she is listed in stable condition in hospital and the woman will be charged once she is released, police said .
one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments to achieve the ideal look, according to a new study . nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even if it proved hazardous to their health . 7 per cent have had allergic reactions .
student was driving through Bournemouth when he saw pensioner collapse . he parked and rushed over to help but was slapped with a £70 ticket . the 21-year-old initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before returning . but he said the warden could see what was happening and he was punished .
eight guards at the detention centre have been suspended . they were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity' a former staffer said the guards 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as the enemy'
carrie Fisher, 58, and mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the film was rolled out . not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo . producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was 'resting' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
the 25-year-old model had gone on the run after ex-partner was found murdered . she was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in western Slovakia . her parents say they feel hated in their own village and are selling their home . they are being forced to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees .
new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital . but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase . porters are left to carry passengers' luggage up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, every day .
the actor and former California governor wrote an op-ed for the the washington post . he said the defining problem is that Republicans are focusing on the wrong issues, in a move that will only hurt the party .
a 13-year-old boy called 911 after a fire broke out on the first floor of his home in Clinton on sunday morning . he told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in a second-floor bedroom because it was too hot to get out through the hallway . the boy stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister, 9, who blurted out, 'we're going to die' .
investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of cockpit . he deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 . pilots associations are sceptical of the plans, with pilots' union saying idea could be open to abuse .
four-year-old cockapoo has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations . she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton . miss darcy has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 - making her a real-life dog .
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State university in ohio on Wednesday . the 56-year-old can be heard shouting: 'what kind of moron are you?' he was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers . he suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .
SS sergeant known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz' set to go on trial . charged with complicity in killing of 300,000 at the extermination camp . relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for trial of 93-year-old . they spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in machine .
fans paid nearly £40 to see the rapper perform in 'intimate gig' in london . but he arrived late and spent just a few minutes on stage playing two songs . he then told the audience: 'See you on tour' and left the venue . club which hosted the event has apologised and accused him of breaking contract .
hoda muthana, 20, fled to Raqqa, Syria, after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim . she has now called for drive-by shootings in the u.s. on memorial day and for blood to be spilled . the radicalized former student lived with her moderate Muslim family until she fled to turkey .
quavious marshall, 24, Kirschnick ball, 20, and kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the gsu campus on saturday night and taken into custody . authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses . the three band members are best known for their 2013 single Versace and their 2014 track .
the national union of teachers has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made 'compulsory' under the next government . critics accused the NUT of 'thought control' and said the 'intolerant' proposals risked 'oversexualising' children at a young age .
audio has surfaced of the cop who killed Walter Scott laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting . the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in north Charleston on April 5 . 'you know, once the adrenaline quits pumping,' Slager said, laughing .
some children drink 'excessive' amounts of red bull, Monster and Relentless . this causes 'hyperactivity' and an 'inevitable crash' later, union says . of 3,500 teachers it surveyed, 13 per cent cited 'use of caffeine and energy drinks as a driver of poor pupil behaviour'
a cell phone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over for racial profiling . 'if you f*** with me i'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run,' says the officer . the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go . three teens have made an official complaint to the Minneapolis police department .
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in Lincoln county at about 9.30am on Thursday . biologists inspected the boat remains and found 'live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months . entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks . electronics spend has risen 7 per cent, while furniture has jumped by 5 per cent .
the state last executed a prisoner in 2009 . since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions . beginning in 2013, the court set new execution dates for 11 inmates .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights . witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'halloween prank' the woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family .
tory party chairman accused of doctoring pages to promote himself . he is accused of deleting references to his past from his own page . but he denies allegations describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign' .
Jessica Silva stabbed and killed her abusive husband on mother's day 2012 . she visited the home of James Polkinghorne's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . 'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness,' she told 60 Minutes . the journalist who conducted the interview revealed she walked away 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people' .
twins were born in the uk and were broadly representative of the population . aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences . twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes, passed down or by the environment a person is living in .
skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty . archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman . they believe the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last year . it is not known whether she died naturally or was killed .
the civil rights leader delivered a sermon at charity missionary Baptist church . he addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation . elected officials and police from north Charleston were in attendance . south Carolina senator marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak .
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68% had hurt themselves doing odd jobs . one in five had injured their back and one in ten had suffered side effects . men are a third more likely than women to cut corners when doing a job .
insurgent actress Shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot . Kate Moss submerging her face in cucumber water . gossip girl actress Blake Lively reveals secret behind glossy blonde locks .
mandy o'riordan, 47, left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back . but today it can be revealed her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had affairs with women on his rounds . he started an affair with her last year and the romance led to her husband placing a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective .
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' he said children are 'manipulated' by Islamists and that 'another 7/7' could happen . prosecutor said a community-led approach to dealing with teenagers would be more successful than 'stale' strategy used by police and security services .
the London mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron . growing calls for him to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from labour .
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains . but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . rushed to hospital where doctors diagnosed 13 pulmonary embolisms - blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs . she was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow - when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung .
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike . called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo . the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain . but then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . they were able to branch out from africa into Spain and spread across Europe . the research was led by the catalan institution for research and advanced studies (ICREA)
noel biderman, 43, came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports lawyer . he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states . with more than 34 million members worldwide, . Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website . only Match.com is bigger .
the two men clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting at the summit of the . Americas in Panama . the gesture of friendship is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with . Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s . a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the state department's list of state terror sponsors .
police say Sandra Mathis, 52, repeatedly stabbed her 48-year-old husband in the upper torso after an argument . he was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the 1800 block of Commercial Street in San Diego . the victim and his wife were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp .
Chris Brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in his custom car detail shop in union county, north Carolina, in 2006 . when he was shot, he fell over a bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it . his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car . it resurfaced nine years later, in Chris's father's
police are hunting 26-year-old man over alleged double murder of his mother and sister . body of 27-year old was found half a mile apart in bootle, Merseyside . her mother, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation on tuesday . police are appealing for the public's help to track down the man .
yvonne camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 . the video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' she can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries .
jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with killing . he was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded huge payout . case championed by human rights group who branded him 'gentle, kind, beautiful'
the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California . some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as particularly woeful . one woman was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips . another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and a sheer white printed kimono .
centre pompidou malaga is the first of several pop-up versions of the famous Parisian gallery planned outside France . it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area . a large crowd is queuing to pay the £6.70 entrance fee to view 90 works by artists such as Miro, Magritte and Picasso . there's a brilliant room of self-portraits, including a Francis Bacon and Fri
Hayley Grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found baby's body in 1988 . she was accused by locals of being the child's mother after stillbirth trauma . but she now says she can no longer be 'blamed' for dumping the boy in a pond . police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's family . the mother, who has not been named, told officers she had put the body into the lake after going through the trauma of a
marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, weighed 800lbs when she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage . doctors determined that she was only months - maybe weeks - from dying . after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the mother-of-three refused to let medical professionals help her stand up for the first time in years .
400 Zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape anti-immigrant attacks . about 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps . comes as influential Zulu king goodwill zwelithini denies whipping up xenophobic hatred .
poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six is considering going part-time . another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad, survey shows . senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population .
the 29-year-old creative director recruited the couple for his army of lovers campaign . he says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family . the couple have a 22-month-old daughter north .
the dogs were found last Saturday in a blacked-out barn in Manchester, tennessee, surrounded by their own waste . some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was also a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots . the property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $10,000
baroness Hale wants to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes . couples currently have to cite adultery; unreasonable behaviour; desertion for two or more years; or five years’ separation without consent . around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year .
historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack . but new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . Caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life .
gang posed as rich italian businessmen to steal £1.5million in gold bullion and jewellery . they planned to hide inside a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'trojan horse' one of the thieves would show a jeweller real money in a briefcase . he would then switch the case for an identical case containing counterfeit notes . the three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on a hotel .
the 32-year-old is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars hostererin Andrews . he was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel . on Monday TMZ Sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine .
stall-holder Tania Rahman, 27, was asked if she wanted to run a stand at event . but when she asked to be counted in she was told it was not 'English-themed' she was sent a letter branded 'discriminatory' and 'utterly disappointed' council has since apologised and invited her to run on the day .
the couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news . in 2013, he knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time - a blood test confirmed he had leukaemia . he underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed two years ago but it failed to stop cancer spreading into his bone marrow .
the presidential candidate said he would attend a same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn't agree with the decision . he said 'definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman' 'i don't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people,' he added .
mother-of-two, 35, has donated 50 eggs to help childless couples conceive . injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate ovaries . in 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy .
coach driver forced to perform manoeuvre on narrow river slipway in dartmouth . he was carrying a bus full of french tourists when he tried to board ferry . eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and bus would slid into estuary .
a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering secret service to put the presidential residence under lockdown for a few moments . the incident is the second lockdown in washington just a day after a man shot and killed himself on the west front of the capitol building on Saturday .
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s . originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but after the outbreak of the second world war, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter . it was so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who could seek refuge there .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale councillor Shakil Ahmed . he was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in a remote town . majority of the family flew to turkey on march 27 from manchester airport . they are accused of trying to sneak across the border into Syria .
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing an acquaintance of his . he was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year . in 2012 his conviction was overturned by a judge who blasted his initial trial . today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder .
five-time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, says she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit TV show, Murphy Brown . 'the job security was incredible. and I never wanted it end; doing Murphy Brown was insanely fun,' she says . her father, Edgar, spent more time with the dummy than his first-born child, Candice .
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new york pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night . he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high-five .
Niamh geaney, 26, of Dublin, found her 29-year-old doppleganger in two weeks . she launched a social media campaign with two friends called Twin Strangers . 'i was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me,' she said .
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog . the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs in the sunshine . he fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there .
police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana . disgusted client called in cops after witnessing staff butchering dog . dog was later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in chow mein . five arrests were made at the restaurant, including three workers of Chinese nationality .
le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles . the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures and the walled organic kitchen garden . it supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs, salads and vegetables .
community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets . they come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather . the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing, as companies often require people to visit their websites .
six-month-old seal was rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties . she suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being hit by a boat or jet ski . the force of the collision broke her jaw causing her death off the coast of cornwall .
until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian . the beautiful DJ, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London . now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens .
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after he disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school . she published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for her debilitating Crohn's disease . the boy was taken by authorities after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home .
death row records co-founder was chained down to a chair and wheeled into court . he fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him . the 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot told the judge walking was not a problem . his lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put knight in the chair as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client .
Laura Everley, 36, had been suffering from bloating, back pain and constipation . she put the symptoms down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis . but when she saw a post on her facebook timeline, she realised it could be cancer . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread .
western militants are ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and east africa . they believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in Syria and Iraq . this could explain why so many western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases .
customs officials at Nice airport said the drugs were found after a flight from the Dominican Republic . they said 18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase that was abandoned on the baggage carousel . officers are satisfied the bag did not belong to the tourist and he had nothing to do with the drug smuggling attempt .
doaa and umm, whose names have been changed to conceal identities, were smuggled from Raqqa, in Syria, to southern turkey after leaving al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year . they said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules - including those who tried to flee . the pair, who are living in turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who, they believe, are following them .
yvonne deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle . police last week told her that his death is one of four on island of alderney .
labour leader will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system . he will hand Scottish MPs power to set higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments . move will lead to fears that it could put future of the Union at risk .
a jury in placerville, california, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against Colleen Ann Harris . Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013 . she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on June 5 .
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . the centers for disease control and prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up .
father-of-four gavin Thorman, 36, of caernarfon, gwynedd, operated his drug empire . boasted in Welsh he would make 'millions' when he got out of jail . drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized . organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester .
the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG includes yard signs, bumper stickers, woven blankets, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops, car mats and a host of other unconventional items . 'i am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government,' the statement reads . the freshman senator's campaign store has been an unofficial candidate for the last year .
police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on twitter, promising a series of images of him with pink hair would follow . 560 retweets later and Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink . the day of pink was born in Nova Scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate was being bullied .
the 34-year-old shared her beauty essentials on her Instagram page . protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer UV Protecting Fluid . spritzes her face with £12 ($18) rose water mist from Glossier . also features a hairbrush from her own brand, Kardashian Beauty .
the boys, ages 5 and 3, were riding a child-sized 50cc all-terrain vehicle (ATV) when it crashed into a pond in northern california . the 5-year-old driver, Blake Cronkhite, lost control of the vehicle and plunged into the water . a relative spotted a helmet bobbing in the water, prompting the driver of one of the boys to jump in and rescue the boys .
the 54-year-old, who stars as fictional US president selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have returned to their base in london . prince will enjoy six weeks' paternity leave around the arrival of the new king . he has finished his training as a pilot with the east Anglia air ambulance . the future king will not be required to embark on the final stage until june 1 .
statue of colonialist Cecil Rhodes set to be removed from university of cape town . university council ordered removal after hearing it made black students feel uncomfortable . it follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue . the government has backed the move, and it has not yet been decided where it will be moved .
the luxurious Ulusaba game reserve is in south africa's Sabi Sands . it is Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve and is home to 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in the country last year . Kutner's aim was to capture the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of hippo and the prowl of glorious leopard .
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather Fred Hatch . his wife then went looking for him after he failed to return to the house . she then discovered him standing over the bloodied body of her husband . he calmly called the police and told them: 'i have just killed one of my neighbours' . as he was handcuffed by police, he told them he had been waiting a long time to kill that man .
the Optimal case was designed by Israeli-based amited . sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature . if it gets too hot, optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans . and if the phone gets too cold, it engages its Anti-freeze protection mode . this gently heats the phone using resistance coils to keep it cool . at an average temperature of 0°C (32°F), a lithium-ion battery will lose
police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into . the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early friday morning . police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident .
Charlene Mess, 48, allegedly murdered her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, at their 300-acre farm in Attica, new york . his body was found stashed in a mound of manure at the back of the farm on monday .
police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns . but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman, killing her . witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged . the car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the South of Market neighborhood 
three men were at the helm of the yacht attempting to reach the italian coast . yacht was flying a Turkish flag and was filled with migrants desperate to start a new life . organisers charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the journey . the 'cargo' is thought to have been worth $800,000 - or £536,000 - to the smugglers .
devout Christian Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a 'religious nutcase' she was suspended from her £50,000-a-year job after colleague accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity . her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal . they argue they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion .
last month a court ruled that 69-year-old Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing . he was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air . during a press conference he described his release as 'wonderful' and said he'd always dreamed of going home .
the bullion was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons . the case of gold and silver bars was lost overboard in the river Clyde . it had been loaded onto a former ferry, converted into a battle cruiser . a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster queen's engineers has now been revealed .
the channel 4 programme is hosted by actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead . each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles . pair broaden their horizon by working on foreign-manufactured cars .
the agreement with Tebow stems from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month . Tebow's last regular-season game appearance was with the new york jets in 2012 . he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team .
senior tory said she would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the ukip leader . but she said she wouldn't rule out having to rely on the eurosceptic party . came after he used a televised leaders' debate to target people with HIV .
brewing firm has seen a spike in sales following twitter spat with teetotal politician . throngs of people have turned up at brewery's Brewfactory bar in wake of row . respect party candidate for Bradford west took offence after firm asked him if he was 'still a thing'
author of Happier People Healthier Planet, Dr Teresa Belton, insists that there are many simple things that we can do to increase happiness . inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . the doctor and author insists it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness, and that it's non-material things that support our wellbeing, like good relationships .
the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone . the 'nefertiti lift' is designed to firm the jaw line . it is a new trend in celebrity-ville - and it's not just about hiding wrinkles .
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . it is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, one of the world's richest men .
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . he passed away at his new Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64 . his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
left-wing, Buenos aires-based Tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates . it also designed websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt .
for a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web . online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental .
theory surfaced in letter from aviation boss of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace . he says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for crash in the Alps . co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28, is believed to have locked himself in cockpit . investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes hidden from his employer .
stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works . 40 tourists were fooled into thinking they had flown to Costa Rica to enjoy activities in the country's Napo province . stunt sparked a diplomatic incident, with the Costa Rican government and Ambassador to Ecuador complaining to the authorities .
the body of 23-year-old Samantha Fleming was found wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach at a house 180 miles away in Gary, indiana . police believe a woman posed as a social worker and lured her from her home to steal her three-week-old baby . the suspect is said to have known a lot of personal information about the young mother, leading her to believe she had to attend a court hearing . he is now in police custody .
search history exported to a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter . only account holders can see their data . follows similar moves by groups such as facebook who have made it easier for users to access their archived content following privacy concerns .
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . he went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie . in January, he was found guilty of first-degree murder for the 2012 killing of Shelby .
homaro cantu, 38, was found dead inside a brewpub he was opening with his business partner on the north side of Chicago . friends say he had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by an investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant he shuttered last year . last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep the restaurant afloat, even though he advised him to close it .
a 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of an imam . Abdul Hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black car . he was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have since revealed . police are appealing to anyone who may have seen him or his car in wembley .
Beautician Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar . she has blocked the cosmetics giant's application to trademark the phrase . BeneFit is owned by luxury goods tycoon Bernard arnault .
army psychiatrist Major Nidal hasan opened fire on the military post in 2009 . he killed 13 men and women and injured 30 others before he was shot himself . authorities initially classed the mass murder as 'workplace violence' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .
he and wife Samantha were 'falling apart' with pressure of caring for son Ivan . he was born with Ohtahara syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . within a year, she said, looking after him had left the Camerons 'totally shattered' and trying to 'find a way through'
michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky state police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider . he would not take a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol test . however, officers said he had slurred speech and smelt of alcohol .
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn . the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures . alcorn committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .
the movie is titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine . it is about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops . $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev . director Sergei Mokritsky said: 'i am hoping this film will unite people'
jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend . he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago . the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery on tuesday .
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era . it is based on a novel by british writer tom robsmith . film's distributors agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence . culture ministry said film distorted history as it celebrated victory over nazi .
the 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island . he allegedly uploaded images of child pornography to the social networking site, Tumblr . laptops and mobile phones were seized from his home, while photos and videos of two females were also discovered on a storage device and a computer .
five-year-old was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones . but his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while undergoing radiotherapy . he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still . after his story made headlines around the world, staff at children's television channel Nickelodeon even sent him a box full of Ninja turtle presents for christmas .
the post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, south . Carolina scooped the top award for its powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part' on domestic violence . it was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper .
genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of Hillary Clinton . the US Democrat could claim her path to the presidency began 160 years ago . but a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community . ystradyfodwg, pronounced ust-rady-vod-ug, was the home of Mrs Clinton's great grandmother .
family visited fast food outlet with his wife and two young children . meal interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be pornographic film . sex scene featured full nudity and strong sexual content .
police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control . at around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board . comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today .
formerly home to post office, grocery store and school house in 1870s and 80s . but now, ghost town of Evansville in comanche county, ks, is in disrepair . rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and wife, Phyllis, tend to site's cattle . they do not have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy neighbors . instead, they encounter only hired workers in town, which once housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in history .
there is almost nothing in officer Michael Thomas Slager's file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . people in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain .
pastor of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, south Carolina, gave impassioned speech at funeral of son, Walter Scott . presiding over service, he referred to officer who shot him five times in the back as a 'disgrace' he said: 'it's one thing to have a loved one die... it's another to have to watch them die... and see how they died'
the couple want to install air-con in five rooms at the £31.5 million home . neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about the impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction . but other locals gave their support to the couple and council approved the plans .
director of public prosecutions forced into humiliating climbdown . she abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying officials . sparked ugly blame game as architects of £20million 'witch hunt' turned against each other .
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries . she allegedly struck and killed 13-year-old Trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka, florida . her BAC levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08 .
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from nuevo laredo, lost the ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in 2012 . they had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by a 22-year-old man . now, in honor of the lucky reunion, the couple renewed their vows in an intimate ceremony alongside the man who found and returned the wedding band .
in an emotional outburst during a concert he appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life . the one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times' he took time out during his 45-minute set to promote his kine of BBQ sauces .
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide . he was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison on monday . the driver killed nachman and Raizel Glauber, 21, and their unborn child . they were 7 months pregnant at the time of the accident .
pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques' he said he was 'very calm about it. I didn't lose my rag' after rounding on audience . 'this is not the first time i've seen this. there was a Ukip representative on question time in Clacton and the audience were deeply hostile to him'
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him . he was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend . the woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that Anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man
hot dudes with dogs features buff, often topless, men cuddling their dogs . the account was started by staff writer Kaylin Pound . it relies on submissions via direct messages and has 148,000 followers . highlights include a puppy looking into the camera while wearing its owner's sunglasses .
three east London schoolgirls reportedly living in the city of Raqqa, syria . they have forged social media links with female leaders of al-Khansa brigade . group has been accused of doling out savage beatings and spying on citizens . women are said to mercilessly patrol streets of terror group's adopted capital . children as young as nine should be encouraged to marry and women should obey men .
presenters star in first campaign together for garnier nutrisse . davina, 47, and Holly, 34, can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20 . a union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 columbine high school massacre were among the 19 women and five men on the jury . one female juror selected was a plumber who was diagnosed with ADHD . another juror said her daughter had gone to see the Batman movie on the same night as the shooting .
little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer . she was misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old . a specialist at westmead children's hospital discovered the football-sized tumour . it is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her to swell . her aunt, Jessica Searle, 25, said her mother kept looking for a second opinion .
former SNP leader said he was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition with labour . he said all parties would have to face up to 'electorate's judgment' after election . comes after Nicola Sturgeon warned he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into downing street because he wasn't willing to do a deal with the snp .
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night . he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship . was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration .
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the seventies . she also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park .
text message intended for senior aide to . George Osborne accidentally sent to a newspaper . revealed plans for a 'tax free minimum wage' the minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in October .
exclusive ComRes survey shows lib dems are equal with ukip in polls . it is the first time since late 2013 that the party has failed to outpoll . the poll also gives the tories a commanding lead on key economic issues . voters are more likely to trust the conservatives than labour most .
an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat . the photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn . 'it's almost like the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years,' he said .
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families if parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home . parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours . on monday 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police .
weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life . ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years . slimming world consultant is one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama . he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year . but he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
danica Marie McKinnon, 24, charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide . college student slammed into vehicle of florida businessman vihn Vo, 42, on may 18, 2013 . he was pronounced dead at the scene, despite good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him .
sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children . weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg) and 7st 8lbs (48kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families . now their father is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements . a clinical trial looked into the efficacy of the supplement Viviscal . after six months, hairs in those taking the supplement had increased in width by an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group .
'Little Mac' climbed almost 700 feet up a ladder before taking a high-altitude poop . tower crane operator hasn't documented previous appearances by raccoons . but he does post photos from his crane quite often .
model, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands . but she was secretly 'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into fitness camp . lost two stone in two months, going down from 14st to just below 12st .
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside . he was abandoned without food and water and his ribs were poking through . vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . when she married surveyor mark white. 30, she wanted the horse to play a part in her wedding celebrations .
detectives raided his private health centre following four deaths 'of concern' islanders claim the death of Karen, 52, prompted the investigation . retired stonemason Colin, 63, died of heart failure in may .
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his wife Antika, 43, and six of their children were found dead . they were discovered at their home in the eastern agri province . authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a cylinder they kept for lighting purposes . the only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city
leanna norris, 25, drugged two-year-old Loh Grenada with antihistamine . she then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket . body was found in front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013 . court heard that she committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend dating other women .
dino maglio, 35, was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday . he raped a 16-year-old girl while staying at his home in padua, northern italy . the former police officer claimed sex with the girl was consensual . but he admitted spiking a drink of Baileys liqueur with a tranquilliser pill .
armadillo's are known for their armored shells which protect them in the wild against bears and wild cats . 54-year-old Larry McElroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night . his mother-in-law, 74, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital .
dummies could pose a choking risk to newborns for the second time in two years . supermarket alerted to a possible fault in packs of Little Angels 2 newborn soothers 0+ Months after a customer complained on facebook . complainant said teat had detached from hard casing of one dummy, although baby was unharmed .
'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the white house on Monday . although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own .
the #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes movement aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress . a photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in london as part of the campaign . the charity points out that no piece of clothing means 'yes'
the new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level . it claims to have two grams of collagen per can . the beer is currently on available in Japan’s northern island of Hokkaido .
jaclyn Methuen, 30, and her husband Ryan Ranellone, 29, have been married for seven days . 'i am committed to making our marriage work,' the 29-year-old says .
pm will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks . he will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day . last night, international monetary fund picked out the recovery as exemplary .
every adult in the uk would be paid £72 a week under a pledge in the manifesto . but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement . she said another pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’ .
former NT politician has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport . he flew from the middle east with plans to join kurdish militants . the 43-year-old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . his wife and three young sons had no idea of his decision to flee .
the 29-year-old entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc (UTMB) on a whim . she's since become Britain's most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’ . her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now .
the Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott resorts linked to human rights abuses . hotels are coded as 'low risk,' 'high risk' or 'under consideration' depending on their ties to corruption . the alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . there are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties . the new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, mean there is now an official and legal definition of a party house .
every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display . all 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been placed in storage . even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past .
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former president Mohamed Morsi in 2013 . the american-egyptian citizen, who grew up in Michigan, Michigan and Ohio, graduated from Ohio State in 2012 . he has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done 'irreparable damage' to his body . his father, who was outspoken in support of the
five men found crammed in a refrigerated lorry on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire . police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the back doors . it is thought the men boarded the truck in Belgium before travelling across the channel and entering the uk illegally . the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in Calais .
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive . the three-year-old was abducted by a paedophile ring on the mid-north coast of nsw . police have described the 'fast-paced' investigation into the new line of inquiry as 'progressing rapidly' the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically .
two-storey property in the exclusive park circus area of the city is on the market for £780,700 . entrepreneur spent months renovating the three-bedroom property, which has been 'impeccably refurbished' .
fishermen in china keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive with just a bird, a gas lamp and a net . they release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft . the stunning images were captured on the river . Li in Guilin, china, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriaa .
spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outside and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours . mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer rush begins .
around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers . the event only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 . last year will marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos .
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . this means that, for close encounters, the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides, caused by the difference in gravity's pull on the near and far side of the planet are greatly enhanced .
lamb bought from Asda in midlothian, scotland, claims it is from the uk . but a stamp on the meat says it was imported from the other side of the world . 'home-grown' lamb was actually flown halfway around the world to store . asda said the mistake was a one-off and that human error was to blame .
more than 250 objects with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie's south Kensington . consignors are 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful expedition to the south pole . items include a 34-star US flag with an estimated value of £10,000 to £15,000 and a saddle made by the bohlin company .
the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus . the company said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .
sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, was found dead in a hotel room in denpasar, bali, last month . her 19-year-old mother, Heather Mack, smiled and laughed as she took baby Stella to court . she said: 'i should not be sent to prison because i'm innocent. i haven't murdered anybody. I didn't murder my mother'
some hospitals charging up to 'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs . campaigners accuse hospitals of profiting from elderly patients . treatment is being rationed in england to save money .
a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle and 17,000 rounds of ammunition were allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of two school bus drivers . police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services . it is alleged that the husband and wife gained access to Mrs Nick's severely ill mother's bank account and were writing blank bank cheques to themselves . the couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding second referendum in next few years . two years ago, she said: 'we have always said it's a once in a generation thing' said she respected last year's result and would not call for plebiscite in manifesto . admission sparked howls of derision from audience as she was booed by audience .
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash one direction's Niall Horan's clothes in augusta . the 20-year-old then tried on the singer's shirt and underwear for size herself . she posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt and posted it on twitter . miss Sokie also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .
only 43 per cent of people believe he should ascend to the throne . four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to his elder son . despite courtiers’ efforts to have Camilla accepted into the nation’s hearts, 55 per cent are against the duchess of Cornwall becoming queen .
Johanna Johnson's Sirens' Call presentation brought the event to a close . make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs . voluminous silhouettes appeared again and again at some of the star shows .
21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations . demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants at risk . tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown .
convicted killer William Kerr, 53, disappeared from approved premises in Hull . he was released on licence in January after 17 years in jail for murder of Maureen Comfort . police say he must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
last year produced more than 1.5 million cars - the most since 2007 . we are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe . there are now literally thousands of businesses, large and small, engaged in automotive innovation and supply .
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions . more women have foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance 'more important' things than had men . clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy . twenty per cent of women are inspired to start new hobbies through social media .
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it was revealed . the discovery sparked a debate over whether privacy laws should be less strict . it has been widely argued that german privacy laws were to blame .
the study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana . they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes . research showed that birds responded most to blue lights . but when the plane approached them with its lights off, their response slowed and they only became more alert when the lights were turned on . and they were also more likely to get out of the way of the aircraft . this is because birds can be sucked into a jet engine and strike an engine fan blade
former Eurovision contestant died two days after getting on election ballot paper . due to stand as an independent, he was 80 and had contested elections before . he won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election despite campaigning for a record score of 0. he died following a battle with cancer .
mayor of Liverpool, 56, claimed £4,500 per year from school where he worked . he said he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him . but when the school stopped the payments in 2011, he tried to sue them . claims he was being punished for a 'philosophical belief' in public service .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning . he was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to the uk . eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria . they included four children ranging from a one-year-old to an 11-year old .
fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno at a hair salon . a 16-year-old girl has been charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette . judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' and will not stand trial . the girl is said to have dropped the cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door .
the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs . he traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico .
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan . a 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as 'l.t.', reportedly admitted to killing the boy and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . the troubled boy ran to his friends after the attack telling them he had witnessed a murder .
dietrich Evans, 22, charged with aggravated assault . he is a documented gang member and is being held on $250,000 bail . victim was shot in the back of the head in a rush-hour traffic accident . she was able to pull over and call for help .
the campaign accuses the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep . it shows vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen holding a severed lamb . the lamb was a prop and made of foam despite the advert being fake . 'we're prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry,' said the Victorian Farming Federation .
NBC news had previously reported that the 2012 kidnapping was carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al Assad . but he has now revealed it is likely the men that took him were in fact a sunni group who had tried to convince their victims they were Shiite militiamen . a statement posted on the NBC News site also raises concerns that rather than being freed following a harrowing firefight, as they were told, this may actually have been staged for propaganda purposes
Kai Windsor shuns traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around . at four he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short . by nine he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: 'i'm really a boy' now at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to stop him developing into a woman .
mother-of-two Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her dog . seven-stone dog has attacked several postmen in blackburn, Lancashire . she says royal mail are being 'taunted all the time' by people in the area .
the national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . it claims irobot's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life . the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz . 'we'll see the whole thing with our electronics,' said the observatory .
police say Lisa Skinner, 52, shot her estranged husband, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. they say he was armed with both a pistol and a large knife . police say she opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries . he had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing in the couple's divorce .
a video of a crocodile swimming through a marina has been viewed more than half a million times online . the video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico . a black dog wearing a red collar was lifeless in its mouth . new Zealander Tim weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . social media users have reacted in horror to the video that
15-month-old Budi spent first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup . he was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable . video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit .
the only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport . the family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city .
a new fatwa in turkey has decreed that Muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet .
two 17-year-old boys detained at their homes in Coventry, west Midlands . a 39-year old man in coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism . all three are currently in custody and have been detained under the police and criminal evidence act . metropolitan police said arrests were part of two separate investigations .
the glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers . the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby .
cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by cricket community and the Australian Army . it took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call her after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her . 'i actually said to him "your party won't be thrilled about this",' she said . but the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to her long-time pal - a Catholic conservative who openly opposes same-sex
hafeez and Khalida Bhatti were abused by a middle-aged woman on a train in sydney on wednesday . the video of the attack went viral and the couple were filmed standing up for the couple . they said they will press charges once the woman is identified . 'she touched my wife's head, that is one issue that i will raise,' he said .
the sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women . the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent .
measurements made by the european space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks . but in a paper published online by the journal science, the team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster at the Technical University of Braunschweig, said their data don't support this theory .
'transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,' the musicians said . last week, the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition . a lawsuit filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of 36-year-old Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman .
Thrun said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . but he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities . 'it's maybe unimaginable but it's not as far off as people think,' said the german-born computer scientist .
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a fully-clothed man aged 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948 . a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors . the Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and woman's telephone number in the book where the paper came from .
former royal navy rescue pilot tracked down every aircraft he flew in 1970s . he was responsible for rescuing sailors during the fastnet yacht race . after travelling 23,000 miles, he found one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping . the 59-year-old now designs aerial stunts for films .
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland . her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek park in Philadelphia last friday . he was left in the woods with nothing but a bible and a blanket . police have now added attempted murder to the list of charges .
a blood sample can be mixed with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells . when these are placed in a clip on module that attaches to a smartphone camera . the micro beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample . they produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a cell . images can then be sent to central computer for analysis and the result can be asses 100,000 cells from a single image in 45 minutes .
the box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming .
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5 . the 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest . she was left with pains in her leg after a nasty fall . doctors initially dismissed it as growing pains but soon discovered she had Ewing's sarcoma . her parents spent christmas at their home in windorah, in central west Queensland .
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to the westcountry . he quickly got into a muddle about the two methods of eating a cream tea . the blunder risked the wrath of purists by saying 'it all tastes the same' .
liberty bake, 14, was walking to school when she was struck by driver . driver, 19, had been smoking cannabis the day before the crash . he was 'checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash', court hears . his mother, Maureen, 45, had 'dark thoughts' about committing suicide . her husband says she was unable to return to her job at university .
the humongous attraction on Staten Island will offer stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline . it will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time, with one full cycle taking about 38 minutes . a shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door .
martin alvarado, 23, 'attacked his girlfriend's 18-month-old son after urinating on him during a diaper change last week' he 'confessioned to the attack on videotape' and was ordered to be held without bail . he is due back in court on a first-degree murder charge .
deanna Rudison, 55, charged with two counts of aggravated battery . police say she was caught on surveillance video splashing bleach at an 18-year-old girl and her friend at quick stop gas station in the 3300 block of carondelet street . the incident took place just before 8am on monday .
the 16-year-old boy ordered deadly poison off the 'dark web' he was unaware requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers . he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester youth court . but he claimed he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order .
micha Stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections . it is now 9 inches long and weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, he claims . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public . the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him .
a man called Alex posted a video on YouTube asking the programme a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay clubs and how to register a gay marriage in the uk . his iPad version of the apple personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked how he could register . the company has said the responses were down to a 'bug' which it has now fixed .
art media student Kelsey Higley, 22, created a video entitled 'Manipulation' which shows how her body might look if it were digitally altered . the video shows how different her frame might look with different proportions . at its most extreme, her body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes . she even digitally alters her face, making her eyes appear bigger than they are .
Ipsos Mori asked 100 candidates what they thought were the biggest issues . not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit . 5% of lib dems and 9% of the left-wing SNP mentioned it . top issue for all parties was the economy, mentioned by 85% of candidates .
the prime minister said he saw his relationship with the London Mayor as 'co-opetition' but he admitted he now understood the pair were no longer in 'competition . it comes just weeks after he revealed he would stand down before 2020 .
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else . it has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels .
detective constable Ciara Campbell accused of spying on ex-partner and new partner . 'large number' of photographs of former partner were found on her iPad . court heard she also spied on PC Swarbrick's new girlfriend 50 times . the 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data .
supermarket has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes . industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
angela Linton, 47, was banned from her son's school after abusing staff . she wrote a vile message directed at gay teacher in the child's pass book . the mother has been fined £185 and given a community order .
internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film . iiNet's former chief regulatory officer, Steve Dalby, said the letter was not proof and it would be difficult for the film's studio to prove someone downloaded it . legal experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations .
more than 100 vulnerable young women have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom . they are sold online and on the high street by topshop, with the proceeds paid back to the women as a salary . comes after he was mired in allegations that he had enjoyed an improper relationship with american 'sex slave' Virginia Roberts .
the men, named locally as Michael Owen and Kyle Careford, were killed in the early hours of Sunday morning . the 21-year-old had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed . grieving family say they still can't accept he's gone . one of the men lost control of the car as it came round a bend, smashing into a church's stone wall before finishing on its roof .
dermatographia is a type of urticaria, or hives, where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell . but instead of hiding her condition, she is using it as a teaching aid . her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course . each day, she will
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, middlesex, lost 21 stone in three years . at 38 stone, he had to buy clothes online and was scared to sit on chairs . his wife Debbie, also 56, weighed 18 stone and he was too obese to work . he now runs his local slimming world class and loses 21 stone .
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . the plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that he choked him and ordered him to get back into his car . this as the 34-year-old police officer is under fire for using excessive force when he rammed his car into an armed suspect . he was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the new
obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings . overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance . despite national earnings, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness .
11 self-contained small satellites will be secondary payloads to the first test flight of the space launch system in 2018 . the first is a Near-Earth Asteroid (NEA) Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations . Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that, once broken down into their component molecules, could be used in future exploration .
identical twin ­appeared on this morning to tell how her sister was murdered by her obsessive ex-boyfriend . he bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day . but she never reported his behaviour to police and paid the ultimate price . now Nikki, 27, is warning others not to tolerate stalking behaviour .
a business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President’s headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely . he said he created the fake listing during a TED talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in google maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week . it invites australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger . one appalled consumer threatened to boycott the store .
south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month . listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million . 'the block' producers are remaining tight lipped about the reserve prices . realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes .
check it is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in the u.s. the 'tight-knit' gang members, aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . they have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows and working stints as runway models .
president Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago . in his first six years, he held just seven and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28 and China, later in the year . a white house state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the u.s. reserves for allies and other countries . it's also one of the most lavish affairs the government puts on .
jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on social media . she has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and fingernails painted with the cannabis sign . her boyfriend, tv star's son, was arrested for smoking weed at 4.20pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign .
the Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid . the novelty swimming product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and adults alike . designer Kazzie Mahina says the product can also help to tone abs and thighs .
binmen said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules . they said it fell foul even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' .
tennis star will marry long-term girlfriend at Dunblane cathedral next week . the 27-year-old has revealed he has left the majority of planning to his fiancee . he said he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day . but the self-confessed foodie will have some input for the wedding .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra hospital . she is being treated in complete isolation with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing . the woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in liberia .
scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . communities that believe in a high, controlling God tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community . the emergence of religion has long been explained as a result of culture or environmental factors .
katrina maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the way to hospital . baby Edward was born on the same stretch of busy main road as his brother . surprised mother said: 'i can't believe it's happened twice!'
two Muslim supporters rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand . one of the men explained that because the televised game didn’t kick off until 4pm, the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground . this may be the first time that a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the call to prayer .
shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, of Pearl, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police . Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, of Crystal Springs, was given five years for one count of conspiracy . both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over 47-year-old James Craig Anderson in June 2011 .
the actor allegedly set fire to a prospective 21-year-old pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong . he was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom .
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to the u.s. in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist . she has accused fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the us and for not being more critical of Islam .
a warrant has been issued for disgraced footballer Ben Cousins . the 36-year-old failed to appear in a court on traffic offences . he has been on bail and was due to face court on tuesday morning . his lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments .
in a global ranking of 65 countries, the UK came sixth from last . only 30 per cent of the population called themselves religious . this compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13% who are ‘convinced atheists’, with the remaining Britons saying they ‘did not know’ .
high street chains are calling a halt to long-running promotions . they have replaced them with shorter events that have more impact . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying until it is reduced .
the Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for the launch of the airline's new airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco . the airline consulted with mindfulness expert mark Coleman to develop the recommended practices . he recommends wearing comfortable clothing, choosing lighter meals on board, moderating alcohol, coffee and tea intake and 'gentle exercising' .
male model, 22, recently appeared on channel 4's first dates show . he asked his date to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself . action sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter . one man wrote that the next time I come out in Manchester I'm dead .
a train headed from queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30am on monday . its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail . more than 500 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in Manhattan . service on the 7 train was suspended for less than two hours .
Sajid Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society' comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford .
the 'New Born Baby Collection' released in time for the royal couple's arrival . includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, plus smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . the range is described as 'exclusive yet affordable: stylish yet traditional'
three-year-old was killed by his mother after she beat him for being sick . she then left him to die in agony for three days before dumping body in woods . police launched massive manhunt to find body near Kirkcaldy, fife, last year . up to 25 council workers were alleged to have accessed confidential files . nine workers subjected to disciplinary action and subsequently dismissed .
manager of the Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, hertfordshire, cancelled the baby matinees due to a combination of 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' he announced the decision on the company's website .
democratic presidential candidate enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, new york, home . while her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed . the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts . she'll hit the campaign trail again today in new Hampshire,
status quo, Katherine Jenkins and west end star Elaine Paige will perform . it is one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the war . the 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 .
the espresso machine is intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . it was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee . but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion . the espresso maker is dubbed ISSpresso — ISS standing for International Space Station .
mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney during the warped 1990 initiation . after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the university of Texas at Austin and pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity . that's when he met Jon Hamm, who was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993, long before he
the resident experts on the popular reality show are back to take on some of the world's most shocking plastic surgery gone wrong . they spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show .
a semi-trailer truck carrying 13.7 million bees overturned on a highway in western washington on friday morning . the driver, a 36-year-old man from Idaho, was not hurt . tens of beekeepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could .
her Majesty was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma . she was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry . eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
cyclists swerve to avoid barriers at level crossing to avoid speeding train . policeman pulls up to stop more cyclists risking their safety for race . three more daredevils slip past him and onto level crossing . seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks . 'this could have ended in disaster. you could see riders nipping across but that train wasn't slowing down'
deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man . when they told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer . news comes as another excessive force complaint is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the north Charleston police department .
matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & saatchi, wears the exact same outfit to work every day because she wants to be judged on her work and her work only . 'when at work, I want to be . judged by my work and my work only,' she says .
seven million episodes from seasons one to four illegally downloaded between February and April this year . top country for illegal downloads of show is Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them, followed by France in second, US, Canada and UK .
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots . a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks . the uniform has evolved considerably since the 1930s, when the first international services between Brisbane and Singapore began .
couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination . HSBC rejected a £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed the husband to be too old . watchdog found bank ‘relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age’ in the case .
the front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by Marriam Seddiq . one model paraded in a see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination . another wore a waistcoat open to reveal her chest and stomach .
two warring sisters stripped of right to control mother's affairs . one retired GP, 61, and the other 58-year-old radiographer, 58 . judge said the sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs 'because of the intense acrimony between them' the mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke mandeville .
sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord . a towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate, say local police . her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart missionary . police are waiting for results of forensic tests to confirm that she was sexually assaulted .
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest . perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford taurus commercial .
despite reports earlier this year that the pair were on the verge of a split, the pair presented a united front as they left a restaurant in Fulham . the 31-year-old wore a low-key cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top before leaning in for a brief kiss .
Jacob Hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his son, Evan, when he was late paying up the last time around . father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek answered his call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud . he said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message .
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the stolen car which flipped and landed on its roof . driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit . he had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel . miss Doyle suffered a ‘blunt head injury’ and was pronounced dead at the scene .
the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new treatment . doctors at the hospital have hailed her recovery as 'one of the most astonishing responses' they combined a standard drug, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab . they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future .
around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at Kristiansand zoo . five-year-old giraffe had gotten his head stuck in a fence . antelope, the second largest in the world, attacked in the enclosure .
best-selling author hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph . published story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’ . her face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans .
it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower . 'the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health,' she says .
freedman, 49, is exhibiting his 'skills' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show . he even takes off someone's tie without them realising .
the hot pursuit star's lawyer said friday that the 42-year-old actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex-fiancee Nick Loeb . however, she's not planning on using them either as she has moved on with her life . a source close to the actress says she won't destroy the embryos because she fears it would anger 'a lot of her fan base'
mother-of-three was crippled after she leapt 40 feet off a quarry in 2012 . she was not expected to survive and her family were warned she would lose her legs . but after learning that a teenage boy drowned in the same quarry on friday, she is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico . the EPA banned the chemical for residential use in 1984, primarily for health concerns . two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa condominium resort in Cruz Bay, St. John .
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death after kicking a mirror in a bar in thailand . his girlfriend, 35-year-old Nilobon Patty, has denied any involvement . she claims she was out with friends when an 'obviously drunk' man appeared . he was 'in a rage' when he cut himself with a piece of glass .
halal certification is a 'profit, money-making racket', says one nation leader . she also says the public are being 'hoodwinked' over the issue . comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in australia .
companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in the country . both offer a similar service, asking people to send messages in . a model then writes the message on her breasts and takes a snap .
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head . the suspect, described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack . according to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation .
eight-year-old from vernal, utah, was just seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee . 'i don't have part of my leg, but i can't let that stop me. I still want to dance,' she said .
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia . he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he is one of many cubs rescued this spring . two one-month-old twins were also found all alone in the wild . in Omsk, three bears have been taken in after their mother was killed .
the female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back . her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status . Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whale - the eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of us . researchers used satellite-monitoring tags to track three Western North Pacific gray whales from their primary feeding ground
passengers on flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick endured 33-hour delays . flight VS44 was due to leave at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday . but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away . some passengers were forced to an unscheduled check-in at the hotel .
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday . they were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport, where Kelley was arrested . the pair fled after mark nunes, Mary's biological father, was granted custody of his daughter in 2004 . but Genevieve, also a physician, refused to hand her daughter over .
jade Ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends last week . they wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop sharing her photos . social media expert says people need to be more aware of their ramblings .
a Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s decision to deny the two Australians clemency . the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid .
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, came up with the idea for the app when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old . like most first-time mums, she had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital . she admits she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature .
police found 'human remains' on a farm on the outskirts of Milngavie . a 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with miss Buckley's death . the nurse's handbag was found in a park in the city last night . police have cordoned off land to the north of the city .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'nWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts . the post claims to reveal the information of FBI director james comey and former DHS director Charles Johnson
lib dem leader blames protesters who deserted party after entering coalition . he said it was 'inevitable' that support would fall in 'anti-conservative' parts of the country . public sector workers left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts, he claimed .
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, collapsed while out with her boyfriend in basildon . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to a dangerous level . but two officers, believed to be from the met police, rushed to her side . they gave her life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived . she was then put into an induced coma and is now recovering at home .
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing . his wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her . he then pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face . neighbours called police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van .
Israeli researchers say system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures . breath samples were taken from 484 people, including 99 already diagnosed with stomach cancer .
a year after the #bringbackourgirls campaign, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity . children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs . they are subjected to forced marriage, forcible religious conversion from Christianity to Islam, physical and psychological abuse and forced labour .
the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the Orleans Hotel and Casino .
the couple touched down in Brisbane, australia, on Tuesday morning local time . they were both wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement . the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives' because they hadn't been photographed together in public since their February 3 nuptials .
Pierre Collins was arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of 10-year-old barway Collins . the boy's father, 33, was placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal . his wife, Yamah Collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away . a timeline for charging will be determined by the Hennepin county attorney's office .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours . FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a labor and delivery nurse .
'there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in,' explained a cashier at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery in Keene, new hampshire . 'you may not agree with her. Okay. but you should respect the office she's shooting for,' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening . the former first lady, senator and secretary of state spent a half-hour talking with customers and shaking hands
ex-pm said the SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster . he mocked ms Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government, when she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself . labour argued it would 'kill independence stone dead' but it 'fanned the flame' which led to the referendum .
jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months . her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, took a job in another part of the school as a substitute teacher . the daycare director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two and asked if she was seeing bardier . 'i never thought they would actually fire me for being gay,' said Pfieffer .
encephalitis is inflammation of the brain and affects around 4,000 people a year . 17-year-old appeared fit and well days before coming home ill with flu . her condition has worsened and she is unable to move her limbs . doctors are trying to teach her to walk and talk again . family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly .
an official at the international monetary fund reportedly admitted that he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country’s bailout . this would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone . but no state has ever left and there is no official exit process .
little Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home in 2012 . her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to her manslaughter through criminal neglect . in an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, her grandmother welcomed coroner mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed .
macca's wedding party picture shows his daughters Stella and Mary looking glum . the pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner . astonishingly, the image is the first to emerge of the former beatle and her bride .
martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car . just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect the hole . but it was decided immediate repairs were not necessary . his widow has now won a six-figure payout from north Yorkshire county council .
lib dem leader boarded his bright yellow 'fun bus' for bizarre photo opportunities . he is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his broadcasts designed to drum up support before may 7 . on the first day of the election campaign, he rushed from meeting with the queen at Buckingham palace to a wildlife sanctuary .
yob stole a phone from a man who died in the street in south tyne and wear . the 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the phone . he was due to be sentenced for the offence, but skipped bail . his co-defendant was sitting in the dock alone and his family in anguish .
the 34-year-old has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans . new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses . she is proud to have gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand .
swarm of robot spiderbots can be controlled with a flick of the wrist . lights on the robots change shape, and control their movement from bans . powered by curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel .
the crash occurred about 8am Wednesday in Lewiston, Idaho, at a drop called Bryden Canyon . the driver of the truck involved, mathew sitko, 23, drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . that's when the mystery man arrived at the scene . he grabbed a nearby rock and smashed his window, before pulling the victim further up to safety .
a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work . only a few have shown users lose more weight than those not using them . others produce no better results than people dieting on their own . but a handful - including Weight Watchers, the Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective, according to long-term studies .
lipscomb police chief was trying to arrest mayor when fight broke out . mayor Lance McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said . city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building .
a spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night . the storm brought mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions . Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season .
a flurry of bets have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant role . she is ahead of former X-factor presenter dermot O'Leary and model Jodie Kidd .
eighth grader Sophie Thomas wore a shirt with the word 'feminist' on it . she was having her picture taken at her middle school in batavia, ohio . when the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop . school principal said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
former tory leader set out powerful moral case for party's policies . they have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . 'they are reinventing the politics of envy. it's alive and well,' he said .
form was purchased at an ephemera show - where collectibles are sold . it asks 'are you of the white race or of a colored race?' and 'do you believe in white supremacy?' the numbers '8-2-21' in the top left corner would have stood for the date - august 2, 1921 .
five teenagers arrested in pre-dawn raids in Melbourne's south-east . police were tipped off about an alleged terror plot targeting anzac day ceremonies . two teenagers remain in custody following the raids on saturday . prime minister urged people to continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations .
one in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 . sudden rise will be due to a baby boom among ethnic minorities . campaigners fear this will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS .
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in new american show . made by NBC, the show will be set among the high society families of new york . there may also be a place for Robert, the Earl of grantham, and his wife .
the former member of the Ukrainian parliament was found dead in his home . the interior ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds . it did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide . at least six former government officials from his time have died .
maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, japan . it beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003 . another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600kph)
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested . she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail . the mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party with her teenage daughter and her daughter's friends and then had sex in the bathroom .
238m passengers passed through uk airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 . most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK . the united arab emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries British flyers most travel to and enjoyed the largest passenger increase .
officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs at snack bar . canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head, police said . they were used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry . owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat .
the 40-year-old actor bought the 104-acre blackadore caye off the coast of Belize in 2005 for $1.75 million . he recently teamed up with the chief executive of new york development firm delos to create the eco-conscious resort . the island will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features .
the most popular wedding destination in the country is the council area of Dumfries and Galloway . Argyll and bute is the second most popular area for weddings, followed by scotland . last year, a quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved outside of the country .
jihadis stormed the Yarmouk camp in south damascus last week . they posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online . the men have been publicly executed - as well as reports of the deaths of dozens more Palestinians during clashes inside the camp . dozens of residents fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces .
the meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combined company . there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair leverage against TV channel owners and businesses offering online video programming .
83% of australian women rate themselves as 'average' 84% regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance . a staggering 96% of women around the world describe themselves as average, leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful .
the best way to cook the perfect steak is to season before or after . oil the pan or the meat? and what are the best cuts? . the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick .
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition . it causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet . he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities . included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features . also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, left there for nine weeks .
detectives have asked to put some 'sensitive' questions to his son who runs the business . robbers almost certainly had some inside information, says 69-year-old .
minister for social services has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations . parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons . families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200 a week childcare benefit and $726 family tax benefit .
'loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly being left alone by working out which areas' residents are most at risk . being socially isolated can lead to health problems such as dementia and high blood pressure . campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation .
the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states . police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . he is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force the children to send him indecent images .
38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her 'services' the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card . she was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set .
a judicial committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . the fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision . Alpha Delta president Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options .
planes coming from south-east Asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed . the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31 . in february authorities were forced to step up bio security at Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds .
former animal shelter worker Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decaying in her home . the home was recently auctioned off to a new owner, but she continued to live at the house . police had to completely air out the home due to the stench of ammonia . they also found nine more dogs and cats - most in crates .
the minister for communications is set to feature on the front cover of the high profile magazine, which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April . in an eight page interview, the minister confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill . 'people would have been astonished if I hadn't,' he said .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to 70 chance to take out 35-year loan . comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions from today . banks have been reluctant to allow borrowing beyond retirement . but other lenders are considering raising their age limits too .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir . he was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week . one of nine detained, including four children aged from one to 11 .
bride-to-be was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this weekend . but she vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . family and friends flew in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral . police have charged a 24-year-old cleaner with her murder despite not having found her body
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service . they married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their 'adored' family . after almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month . her husband followed two days later aged 94 .
italian musician Andrea Furlan was filmed standing in front of a river in Stratford . he holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune . unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background while he serenades them .
the woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic . three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a window . the heist took place in the Landy tunnel, which is notorious for smash-and-grabs . included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1million .
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at central hall in london . he protested they were 'remarkable audience even by left-wing standards' outburst came less than half an hour into event after comments were greeted with mutters .
labour leader declines several chances to say his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . snub comes just three days after miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power .
student says she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent . she says she was left with no other choice than to turn to prostitution . the university of swansea research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the 'sex industry' she said: 'my family are not well off so cannot afford to help me much'
the 6-foot-5 and 289lb defensive tackle recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the Houston Texans last season . on monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch box standing box jump . the video appears to be a stunt for Reebok, which announced on Monday that they had signed the 26-year-old to a shoe endorsement deal .
the nut that frequently appears in the bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ‘the Devil’s nut’ . the so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year .
'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult, says burlesque performer Lillian Bustle . 'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife', as she is married, are just honest descriptions of what she is .
grandparents Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating . they sat down in conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up barbecue . within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on fumes . maintenance work by UK Power Networks caused power cut, inquest told . couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew, found them .
Perth Glory fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table . club breached the salary cap over the previous three years . fans set off a series of flares as the club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to Sydney .
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the 14 foot-long linen between now and June 24 . the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery . researchers have been unable to establish exactly how the image was created .
diner, 38, convicted of fraud at crown and thistle pub near Carlisle . she was eating dinner with the girl and a man when she planted the hairs . but in reality she did not have enough money to pay for £21 dinner .
error was spotted during a training course in Hamble near Southampton . two officers decided to continue wearing tops with the mistake on the left sleeve . chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to the uk say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working . some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain . they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads and vegetables .
men, women and children on flight from Kansas City to Denver rerouted . 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs . but it took another six hours before everyone was ordered off anyway . passengers told that if they got off, they would have to make their own way .
'nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' she said . 'my heart goes out to the families here but i don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole'
a 14-foot johnboat carrying Tate Ricks and a family friend was hit by a wake around 5.30pm on saturday . the boy was not wearing a life jacket, according to investigators . putnam county sheriff's office said he immediately went under water and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not . officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy . they plan to continue the air search
the board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the four-term congressman who resigned last month amid an expenses scandal . the letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs . county officials estimate each will run about $38,000 .
the former head of general electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management . he warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education .
the 67-year-old is set to announce her presidential campaign on social media . comedians mocked her decision to tell the world via a cellphone video . she screams in a dictatorial manner: 'citizens, you will elect me. I will be your leader'
the family had left a waterfront restaurant when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water . the boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle . they weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up, and the teen died at the hospital several hours later . firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the
a firm linked to the sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head . it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring . even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale .
Greek-born economist, 62, was convicted of perverting the course of justice . spent two months at her Majesty's pleasure after taking speeding fines . now enjoying the company of former mp and convicted fraudster denis macShane . says returning to work within two months with each of her children required a tough 'cry it out' approach .
documents reveal shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind . the couple travelled to india in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a girl but told consulate staff they would be leaving her brother behind because they could not afford him . there were also fears last year that the boy may have been sold .
pending bill would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs and tattoo shops . swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatres, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time . 'temporary cash assistance' recipients would be required to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs .
the bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, a single gun was found at the scene . police believe 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers and their mother on the ground floor . he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law before taking his own life .
some of these lofty perches require a head for heights as some are extreme enough to make even the heartiest tourists a little queasy . here are some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views .
leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a boot sale . they spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall . the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world . it is one of the most sought after in the collection which can be worth thousands .
13-year-old from hudson, texas, wanted to give her astronaut father a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away . she enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing, that has now broken a world record for its size .
'you ask a question, and you say, "Have your views changed?" instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed,' he said . a spokesman for american bridge 21st century, a liberal opposition-research group, leaped on Paul after the broadcast . the libertarian-leaning senator launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky .
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars . he has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified . before he was due to appear before the parole board last month, he wrote to the board that 'i am a high risk offender and danger to the community'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass of Wellness: the boardroom retreat to CEOs and executives across the country . skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught . the workshop is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them everyday .
more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to an animal hoarder . police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting conditions . footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture as officers from Maricopa County Sheriff's Office made their way across the excrement laden carpet . one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuah
16-year-old Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . she had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced . 'with few adults to turn to, and with no support from her school, her life became too difficult,' the North County LGBTQ Resource Center said .
mother-of-two Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year . she was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder . her oncologist has recommended she try a new drug called keytruda . it works differently to chemotherapy, which attacks all the cells in the system, even healthy ones .
the 17,000-square-foot mansion in the mountains of Vail, Colorado, was built in 2008 . it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door . the home is known as 'Il Podere' - meaning 'family homestead' in the Tuscan region .
michael easy, 29, went on the run after attacking a woman at a party in 2013 . he posted photographs on facebook posing in platinum wig and sunglasses . image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they had failed to track him down . but he went on run again in december last year and is now facing four months in jail for breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison officers .
the 21-year-old has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by the city's fashion crowd . she is a 'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or 'sexy' in spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol . her Instagram and twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily .
long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . 'i think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said . moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage .
the former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department . in a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position . her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter .
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . the pair are accused of setting up a stall on the busy shopping street . they are also accused of handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join ISIS . court heard that the charge relates to an offence on august 9 last year .
mailman landed his gyro-copter on the west lawn of the capitol building in front of astonished tourists and office workers on wednesday afternoon . he claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone . norad reported that they did not scramble any assets and were not informed of the flight until it had landed .
the eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in new south wales has been identified as Piper . she was in the car with her mother, two brothers and two brothers when it is believed their holden aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . her grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday . heavy rain caused a car
the labor department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013 . in a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year .
a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his Dodge challenger worth $30,000 parked at his Taylorsville, utah home on march 25 . the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and the size of the ice that went through was a cinder block . 'it missed going through my roof by only inches and if I had stayed in the car and answered by son’s message about picking him up, that piece of icy would have
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife, Brenda Davidson, 72 . at the time he claimed she committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . but after being shown evidence she was killed, he changed his story . he wrote a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died . says he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
the 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere . for the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood .
italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday . Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth .
the septum ring is a piercing of the wall between the nostrils . it was a coming-of-age ritual for some tribes in north america . in india, and Bangladesh, it is still very popular with women . but in the uk, america and australia it is mainly a fashion trend .
charity is campaigning for the adoption of the living wage . it estimates this would reduce the need for in-work benefits by £6.7bn a year . the current minimum wage for those over 21 is £6.50 an hour .
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans in central london . he offered to help him with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet . pensioner was left lying in the entrance to the flats in soho for ten minutes . said: 'i'm independent minded and determined not to allow this to change how I live or where or when I go out'
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks . he also wants repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online .
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them . they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels . after their six-hour ordeal, fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls .
the research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . when POMC cells are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese . the team, led by the university of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene .
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity . a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in somerville saying she had been reinstated . she said that 'secular materialists (are) making our country so weak we cannot fight the dictatorship of Militant Islam'
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston . she claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her . but during an interview with police she was quoted as saying she gave Poston the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face .
the queen's cousin, 79, injured himself at the royal family's balmoral estate . he was taken to hospital on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital . his royal Highness prince edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick . the Duke is expected to leave hospital later today after being discharged .
the 32-year-old was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the wet republic pool at the MGM Grand hotel . he is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars hostererin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports . the charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy .
Shane O'Byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in march 2013 . in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat . the couple exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years - with bailiffs knocking on their door demanding £400 .
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked . four men waved them down, boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing the sailboat to the shoreline of a remote beach . they cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days .
shift worker Phillip Pama, 28, charged with manslaughter . he allegedly killed his 55-year-old neighbour Leon Yeaman with a single punch . the argument erupted after he refused to turn down his loud music .
the respected law professor from Philadelphia is now being investigated after allegedly sending a link to a pornographic website to her students . in 2010, she appeared on the television game show who wants to be a millionaire while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira . despite using two lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000 .
two men in their 20s stripped off before raiding an Esso filling station in Surrey . they forced their way into manager's office and ransacked the room looking for cash . police released images of the men which they hope will lead to calls from the public .
hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs . experts believe there are three main reasons a phone may explode like this .
fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole . the three-metre reptile noticed her from a distance before it submerged into the water . it comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
'to all the voters I want to thank you for putting me through my paces,' an elated mayor told supporters . 'i will be a better mayor because of that. I will carry your voices, your concerns into ... the mayor's office,' he said . the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
a man whose car smashed into a geelong house left a baby girl in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries . the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling . police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout .
cosmetologist killed himself on Easter Sunday weeks after the launch of the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix . a friend claims he identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed . another friend, hair colorist Kyle white, said his reaction was a front .
bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office . but children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals .
brothers from port canaveral, florida, started building movie-inspired vehicles four years ago . 'we get a lot of reactions in the street - people will come up next to us and box us in, wanting to take pictures,' says Marc .
villagers in the small country hamlet of Cledford, near middlewich, have vehemently opposed the plans . they said travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and may ruin idyllic surroundings . but yesterday, council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting . it will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gypsy families .
never-before-seen images capture poignant moment in history for future generations to remember . huts once contained bodies of thousands of Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and those with disabilities . after it was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, it was torched and destroyed forever .
a woman's life was saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery . the 29-year-old from Maryland was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor . she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy, to examine her digestive tract . but it was during the prep her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample .
the Kardashians arrived in Jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter . the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . she opted for striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals .
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke . residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children . the town's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on .
five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . fire chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief William 'billy' getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests . the victim came forward in late march to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January .
fiancee of fusilier Lee Rigby has found 'happiness' with army major . she is said to be in a relationship with former comrade, major Paul Draper . the 51-year-old is a decorated member of the middlesex and north west army . miss west was devastated when her husband was hacked to death in woolwich .
single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed . the finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain . 'Single serve, I think, found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had'
two siblings died in head-on crash on the NSW Central Coast on sunday . their grandmother, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute . nine-year-old piper, 8, and older brother Daniel, 12, died in hospital . a Gofundme page has been set up to cover the cost of their funerals .
new powers for the Scottish parliament could have a 'big impact' on jobs . resentment in england and wales at 'apartheid' between north and south of the border .
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from aqwa mist . older sister fought back tears as she described her sister as 'very beautiful' appeal emerged hours after multi-millionaire property developer's son and pal were summoned to court .
the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the 'selfie election' with just 23 days to go . politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally .
a man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney on sunday night . he walked down the catwalk while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow . the man, understood to be a neighbour of the venue, made a public complaint about the music . hardcore electronic music boomed throughout the space for the duration of the 15-minute show .
a loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of top Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds . the loo was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi and installed in his bar in Glendale, california .
a web profile matching the description of 'shameless liar' has been spotted . it describes a blue-eyed 'adventurer' who is 'looking for a relationship' he led a double life, duping his first wife into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a 'safe house' in reality, he was romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30, who he eventually married .
the will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order online . a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 are available to view . in her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid . the road runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century . council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and received 'overwhelmingly' in support .
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago . she says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak . in her essay for women's health mag, she recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer .
many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded . post office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012 . follows complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting . now leaked copy suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error .
Zeke Celello burst into tears when 67-year-old announced she was running . would-be presidential candidate insists 2016 is his year to shine . he admits he lacks the experience of former secretary of state and senator . but he does have the advantage of youth and will not be perceived as insider .
a 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock is due to appear at bundaberg magistrates court on Monday . he is charged with grievous bodily harm, deprivation of liberty and torture . on saturday a man, 29, was admitted to hospital with fractures, head injuries and burns . police launched their own investigation after observing his injuries . the victim claimed to have amnesia and could not remember what happened .
the supreme leader was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne . he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the united states . but he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place by the June 30 deadline .
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences . alleged to have used money to fund legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the uk for benefit fraud offences, a jury at southwark crown court was told .
eight-year-olds in orange, new jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have written to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal . the cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim his illness is a fraud and clamor for attention . he was hospitalized last week after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at Mahanoy .
the lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft . Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year .
researchers at the university of california examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the us to student race . they found teachers were more likely to view black pupils who they thought were black as troublemakers than those who thought were white . researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools .
the 17-year-old Albertville, Alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend . drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 . he would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened . she asked her principal for permission and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit .
Dominique Granier sparked outrage after suggesting separate service for Roma . he said the smell which accompanied the Roma was a 'sanitation risk' but the bus company has taken his comments seriously and outsourced part of the route .
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home . footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
the baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in . Oregon last year . Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected . in march, moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served .
audience cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . when Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further . of 200-strong audience, about 58 were Conservative or Ukip supporters .
a 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain was rescued by 15 firefighters . firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man using ropes and ladders . due to the size of the man it took 15 firefighters, ambulance and the police to get him out of the hole .
young girl claims she is firing machine gun at 'daesh', the Arabic name for ISIS . she holds up four fingers and boasts she has killed 400 militants so far . cries of 'kill, kill' as he encourages her to kill more - but it is unclear what she is shooting at .
a 2-year-old bulldog from Des Moines named Tank won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University . Tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's Drake Relays . the tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant, which featured 50 dogs, is the kickoff event for the Drake track meet .
each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time .
locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo, in the southern area of the Dhaalu atoll in the maldives, claim they saw a 'low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of MH370's disappearance . scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian ocean .
shepard, 35, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998 . he was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter, authorities say . when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed he had been in jail for a 'romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter .
a mother has released images of her son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night . her desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . she said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .
Shaun Ingram booked his car in for a major service and an MOT last month . but when he went to collect it, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for the joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone . his dashcam recorded almost seven hours of footage, including the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car .
over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time - compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in A&E, and 983 over 12 hours . it is now 89 weeks since hospital A&es met their waiting targets .
when she was a size 18, she was heckled with taunts of 'oi, fatty!' as she ran . even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles . she completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races since . now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide to Running, she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size and ability .
queen margaret of Denmark waved to crowds from balcony at amalienborg palace . her son and heir, crown prince Frederik, 46, and his wife, crown princess Mary, 43, were also on the balcony . the royals were joined by their four children, including twins Vincent and Josephine .
Yingying Dou ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment . the university of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website after an investigation by Fairfax media . but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .
trading standards officers raided the royal china club in central london . it boasted of selling shark fin soup and a dish made with shark teeth . charity bite-back believes one in five restaurants are selling the soup . they exploit a legal loophole allowing people to bring 20kg of fin into the country if it is for personal consumption .
australian engineer was caught with homemade alcohol in his car . he was sentenced to six months in jail and 75 lashes for the crime . the 57-year-old has been banned from travelling out of the country . but he says he received little help from the australian embassy in Saudi Arabia .
Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his mansion in florida . he was reportedly upset over his portrayal in unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . his wife, Tina Fey, created the show and for which he has produced credits . today, he spoke exclusively to daily mail online and said his death was 'very sad'
debra and debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a lawsuit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs . the couple claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants, John Updegraff and Karen Szewc, started breeding dogs in 2002 . after three years of proceedings, a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians, ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days .
despite attacking right to buy, Emily Thornberry has three homes in london . eight years ago she bought at auction a housing association property worth £1m . tories say she opposes 'right to buy but not' right to let .
labour leader approached the BBC to delay the broadcast of steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election . he feared that working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead . so he approached BBC director general sir Hugh Greene at his home .
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin . he headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction . al-douri was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup .
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg . he was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed . the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared being a victim . his cause of death was established as a direct stab wound to the heart .
firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending and forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters . chairman says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair its reputation .
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS . it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit . the system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size . powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up .
nearly a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their facebook accounts . trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures . around a fifth of those aged 16 to 34 use smartphones at family dinners .
only 15% of students say they plan to vote to vote Green, down from 28% in February . proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since September to 24% . support for the Greens rose steadily over two years and peaked at 28% . but since then support has dropped sharply to only 15%, survey shows .
the singer was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' he didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . after the 46-year-old's comment, his sister Tina posted on Facebook, '[bobby] woke up and is no longer on life support!!!!!' a source told the site,
the prime minister will unveil analysis to show labour and the SNP are 'really on the same side' since he became labour leader, the snp has trooped through the lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions . the labour party backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy .
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding . the couple from new Berlin, . Illinois, have known each other since kindergarten but their friends are still teasing them .
richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . he was one of the best test captains australia ever had . his commentary was understated, measured and often extremely funny .
second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', professor says . experts also warn a 'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance is likely to be in power .
Apricot bread pudding has more sugar than a Snickers bar, which has 27g . a banana and apricot bagel is promoted as a breakfast . campaign group says it's 'legitimising unhealthy foods'
student at university of Colorado struck by train in Indio, california . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on monday . it remains unclear why andersen was on train tracks instead of festival . on tuesday, mac demarco took to twitter to pay tribute to 23-year-old .
twins were born with very different skin tones thanks to quirk of genetics . one sister has black skin, while the other has white skin . effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related .
plane's wheels broke off moments after it touched down at east Midlands airport . cargo plane skidded along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop . captain and co-pilot escaped injury and left main landing gear detached .
italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year . he will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months . the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people . but he'll remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself .
former staff sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month . his quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down . 'my message is anything is possible. it is just not me being an amputee, but anyone sitting on
five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in the 90-minute debate . labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood . as the debate raged in Westminster's Methodist central hall, Mr Cameron was 66 miles from the action at home in Oxfordshire .
three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago . the robot was supposed to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans . but it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned . a second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed from Rochdale . he and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria . they were deported and flown back to the uk on a plane packed with holidaymakers . four of his family members - two women aged 22 and 47 - were held at Manchester airport after being brought back from turkey . late on Monday, a 30-year-old man arrested in the area has been released without charge .
the list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. more than 20 other states have such lists . a few states - not Kansas - prohibit buying guns, according to the national conference of state legislatures .
a set of 500 limited edition copies of the reality star's selfish sold out less than a minute after going on sale on tuesday . the copies were signed and numbered by the 34-year-old reality star .
police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer . the investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . police determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age . authorities soon learned the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
prisoner bombarded teenager with thousands of texts and calls after he received her number from a cellmate . he asked her to change his facebook password as a favour before bombarding her with sob stories about his life . she eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door . in January last year he made numerous abusive calls to the 19-year-old woman - telling her she was going to die and making threats
newborn weighs 11lb 5oz and fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months . mother-of-one Danielle, 21, had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . 'he was the talk of the hospital,' she said .
two-year-old oratilwe Hlongwane is still learning to put together words . but he is already able to select and play music from a laptop . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals .
former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers . he said that while he is 'not a raving loyalist', he has 'a lot of time for Charles'
actress and model, 27, teased summer range for fashion fans . shows off summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery . has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for years .
the elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother for three years . after a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle, Me-Bai, the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother, Mae Yui . the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the elephant nature park sanctuary, in the north of the country .
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent since 2011 . nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014, with arrests falling by nine per cent . south Yorkshire saw the largest increase in reported cases in the last five years . comes after an estimated 1,400 children were abused in the area over several years with officials in Rotherham ousted .
caron Wyn Jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend . he paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough . disclosure came as he unveiled his general election manifesto for the NHS .
angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims . but when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented floor designs . they could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . sparked a war of words between the waqf, the authority in charge of the area's holy sites, and the authorities .
Shaneah Jenkins, 23, and her sister, Shayanna Jenkins, 25, were estranged after the jury found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday . the two sisters shared an apartment in their native Bristol, . Connecticut, but have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a . role in Lloyd's brutal death . a jury convicted Hernandez on tuesday and sentenced him to life in prison .
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida . she was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies . her arrest report states that deputies smelled a strong odor of alcohol on Ebel .
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes without insurance . under a 'totting-up' procedure, he was forced to hand over his licence . he had already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences . but he said the offence was 'non-intentional' and 'wasn't intentional'
faith myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia .
the televised debate between candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday night . 74-year-old Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when she was heard falling as senator Anthony Williams answered a question . mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their children in late 2013 . the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village, by M. Night Shyamalan . he said: 'all the kids have grown up and been told the outside is unsafe. they even make their own scare tactics'
a grand jury charged a real estate heir with possession of a firearm by a felon . he also is accused of possession of 5 ounces of marijuana . his arrest related to those charges has kept him from being extradited to los angeles .
the 23.63-acre property encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community . it enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley . built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths .
president Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'i think she would be an excellent president' the advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday . the strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign .
father-of-two, Alex Impey, is selling medicinal marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness . he says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney . users say it is as simple as placing into food or bottles for babies . some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram .
the hackers accessed the president's non-public schedule, which is regarded as highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies . a six-month investigation into the breach uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian president Vladimir Putin's government . the white house responded to the revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber intrusions .
adidas Ultra Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the London marathon . aldi's £19.99 trainers are on sale while stocks last . marathon runner Lucy Waterlow test-runs the trainers .
director gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first standalone Star Wars film, Rogue One, at the Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday . the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams this month . experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million . a gem-set sword with pink, green and red stones and an ornate tiger's head pommel is expected to sell for £80,000 .
couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'deafening' screams . long-suffering neighbours described wails of passion as 'devastating' man sentenced to four months in prison and fiancée given noise abatement order . but couple appealed and ordered to pay £7,000 in damages and £2,000 legal fees .
scientists say claims such as this are a case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places . the image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960 .
shopper 'exchanged heated words with 60-year-old before knocking him over' he fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist in the aisle . the next day, an operation to repair his injuries appeared to go well . but on christmas day he suffered what doctors believe was a heart attack . he was taken into intensive care and put on life-support machine . two months later, the decision was taken to turn off the machine and he died .
the 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the district from teaching yoga . the lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity .
police have arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . a woman and a man have also been arrested in connection with the killing . the father-of-six was found dead in his car on wembley street on april 7 .
sheree, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money . couple were conned out of £36,000 by a fraudster pretending to be a policeman . he urged them to transfer money into various accounts 'for their own security' couple tried to get money back when they realised they had been duped . but banks said staff had acted 'without negligence and acted upon instruction'
jemma peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments . mother-of-two says she cannot afford to buy the drug privately and has called on NHS to reverse their decision .
domestic cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their tens of thousands across northern vietnam . they are sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger', despite laws against eating the animals . one restaurant slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up .
violet Pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . the condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes . she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye . plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months 
the no man's land fort is one of three guarding the entrance to the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight . it has been transformed into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub . for those intent on relaxation, guests can hit up the shops, restaurants, luxury spa, rooftop bar and firepit, cabaret bar, nightclub or LaZer Battle Arena .
when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . but marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent . Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered, remains to be seen .
three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them . but only 42 per cent charge their children rent - with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask . 80 per cent still buy their adult child's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night .
the clothing features phrases such as 'some people call it stalking. I call it love!' they are sold in us and uk stores including Zazzle, Look Human and North Shore Shirts . 'Are you stalking me? 'Cause that would be super', reads one . the slogans are slammed by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, a charity .
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in japan . the whales were stranded along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the coast of Hokato . they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake and tsunami . experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and daughter Story last week . he was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped . the father, who works as a florist arranging intricate flower displays, says he won't contest the letter because he does not want to turn it into something negative .
police were forced to restrain a 20-year-old woman in the early hours of Saturday after a fight broke out involving 'multiple individuals' the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando . Britney E. Montenegro was arrested covered in blood .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin . more than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet and they produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime . the odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .
Tony Degrafreed, 50, of Indianapolis, has been charged with murder . he allegedly beat to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014 . she died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck, according to an autopsy report . her son, Jordan Yarbro, was also injured in the incident .
launching party’s manifesto in Manchester, he will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing . will insist a labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide . one such reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic ocean . the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the
italian woman accused of carrying out acid attacks on her ex-boyfriends . she and her german boyfriend planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men . the 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car . couple were detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid .
Gavin Munro, 39, grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds . he then prunes and guides the branches into shape before grafting them together . has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades .
dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town . they are linked to the occupy movement that caused chaos in london . a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance of the ramshackle squatters’ camp .
six-storey structure collapsed 'like a pancake' at royal courts of justice . fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . a 56-year-old worker was taken to hospital with head injuries and broken arm . terrifying incident is yards from where an underground cable fire tore through Holborn on April 1 .
morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity . 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom' but she has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace . pressure group the taxpayers' alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become 'comfort blanket'
four-foot red and orange corn snake found slithering around in the bath . mother-of-one, from teesside, thought her daughter was joking . but when they walked into the bathroom they came face to face with the snake . she believes it may belong to previous tenant who kept snakes as pets .
former assistant elementary school principal was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers . but when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks' in her native canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch and 20 minutes to play .
female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for #SelfieEsteem . men take four and women take an average of six selfies before posting one online, according to a survey by the iTV breakfast show .
a 24-year-old man who had been pointed out by a college student as her rapist had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped, brutally beaten and killed in 1995 . prosecutors say van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible . she's expected to testify Thursday .
unnamed man was gored between the legs during a bullrunning event in Teulada . he was sprinting ahead of the angry animal before it caught him with one horn . the animal sent him sprawling to the floor and he tried to climb back up . but the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns . incident happened during the town's annual fiesta, which includes floatillas and parades in honour of the village's patron saint
a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families . four in five families use technology to deal with bored children . another 70 per cent give their kids treats to sweeten the ride . 20 per cent of NSW families admit they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan .
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint . the spray contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to cyclists in the dark . a trial began in London bike shops on 2 April and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread . some of these are now on sale on ebay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing .
a family on new york's long island were able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend, when 70-degree temperatures hit the area . but before the snowman withered away, he became somewhat of an internet celebrity, with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their beloved friend on facebook . since the beginning of April, the . snowman began shrinking and the family started a Facebook page asking for 'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for food banks . she posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon .
the video was captured in a front room in Bahama, north carolina . three dogs - a Husky, a Springer Spaniel and a black and white springer spaniel - take their positions on their make-shift stage .
the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other . superior court judge Ronald coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan . the judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million . on Thursday morning, Knight walked out of court after the hearing .
university of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less . and the moon is shown top left for scale .
mailonline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds . they blew their cash in Miami, new york, marbella and Monaco . self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach .
flight from Seattle to los angeles on monday returned to first class . pilot could hear banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft . 'Help! Help!' the man screamed, according to one passenger . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled .
the international monetary fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016, beaten only by the united states . it comes as the tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year .
Chancellor ducked questions about exactly how cash boost would be paid for . he said it would come from the conservatives' 'balanced plan' for the economy . but he declined to go into further detail about the cash boost . in one exchange, Mr marr said: 'all I’m asking is where does it come from?'
co-authors of 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' spoke out on the morning show . said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book . book was due to be released last month but was dumped by publishers . 'we're very confident that this is a very safe, gentle, beautiful book'
four sailors charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with alleged incident at a military base in shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia . alleged attack said to have taken place during a party at the military barracks where Canada's Atlantic Fleet are based .
pensioner from halliwell, bolton, was about to put his meal in the oven . he caught sight of the black and white California king hiding inside . Atherton scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic recycling box . the snake has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist .
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle, a devout Muslim and religious scholar . he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green academy . blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee the country .
'i've always wanted to have grandchildren but i had to be patient and let them get married first,' she said . her words come a few days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane cathedral .
the met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north Wales and northern England from Derby up to Northallerton . the mercury this weekend has been around the 13C to 14C (55F to 57F) mark - much closer to the average for the time of year . today will be largely dry and bright across the south, but it will turn windy with a fresh south-westerly wind .
replica set sail for the united states off the coast of Fouras, southwest france . replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river Charente on Saturday . it will head for Yorktown, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the British . french president Francois Hollande paid a brief visit to the ship .
a lady in London's account showcases the best of the english capital . adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest . a german Instagrammer and traveller, Sylvia Matzkowiak has photographed locations as varied as south africa and Venice .
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley . it appears to show a homophobic chant being aimed at the former arsenal defender . the video has since been deleted from twitter .
the website for the airport has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS . Tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport . an excerpt of the message which hackers posted on the website read: 'A message to all peoples of the world and especially to governments'
Paula McKay was told her daughter, Natasha, had suffered brain damage . but when she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . when her son, Patrick, was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled . she has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £13 million compensation .
biologists at the Hebrew university of Jerusalem recorded the video . they found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself . females can mate several times and store multiple hectocotyli in a special cavity until they’re needed .
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa . they told locals they were there to teach Islam before opening fire . attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks .
older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . one of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . other steps include avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening .
heartbroken mother of 16-year-old describes her daughter as a 'caring, normal, happy, lovely girl' . 'it's like you are talking about someone else's kid,' she said . her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder .
mangu Ram, 82, fled to Kashmir as a refugee when he was 14 years old . now an old man, he lives in a slum house within india's only Muslim-majority state . 'if something can be done, then maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life' . around 100,000 people are classified as refugees - despite most never visiting Pakistan .
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in august 2013 . the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier . prosecutors told the court that 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive-by shooting. all of them were live rounds .
two strangers living just an hour apart in Ireland discovered they were identical twins this week . a 26-year-old from Dublin found her 'twin stranger' last week in Karen Branigan, 29 . two male university students, also in london, and two retired men in Essex also found their doppelgängers .
bedlington lurcher named Twiglet suffered 'serious hallucinogenic episode' after swallowing the unidentified substance . the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs . after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
'being fat sucks. I love myself way more now than ever before,' said the 27-year-old writer . he lost 160lbs over the course of 20 months after a friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette'
lib dem leader tells children he was better at languages and art when at school . he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a 'stronger economy' accuses tories of wanting to embark on unnecessarily deep cuts .
despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one shadow cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend . the programme for the dinner, held in an Indian banquet hall in less-than-glamorous Morden high street, south London, was littered with errors . a clearly uncomfortable Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements .
cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall . police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating . the victim's husband said the foreigner was chasing someone and laughing .
sadly, horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers . many of them once much-loved family pets are being left to fend for themselves . animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless . last year the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses .
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old . she had been struck with transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory . the 32-year-old thought it was 1992, when she was about to sit her GCSEs . but when her son bounded up to her yelling 'mum' she succumbed to 'total shock'
the Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises . the aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea . previous satellite images revealed that China has made rapid progress in building an airstrip suitable for military use on the contested Fiery Cross reef .
the 23-year-old mother dropped the bombshell last year that Phil was not her father . she was told one of three men could be her father on the Jeremy Kyle Show . determined to find out the truth, the pair appeared on the show to get an answer .
scientists have revealed how the chemical activates the hypothalamus . this area of the brain is responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones . hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone' - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent .
nine lots to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london . among the most striking are rings, bracelets, pendants and earrings . a pair of gold hoop earrings are expected to fetch £5,000 .
the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5 million - at the end of the year . it won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index . slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's chief executive Charif Souki was worth $281 million .
family-of-six pictured driving through city of San Miguel de Tucuman . man pictured holding handlebars while three young children straddle petrol tank . police are also hunting a family of seven seen riding on same motorbike .
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in a Lexington court on Monday . the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday . Krueger was the photo editor at the university of Kentucky newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information .
photo was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, japan, 'nearby some samurai tombs' a reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work . but others are not so sure - some suggest it is an optical illusion or the presence of a real-life human being .
lesbian couple, Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy, decided to each carry a child one year apart in order to start a family . they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter a year later . the couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly became an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight .
'it's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza . he closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . the law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana .
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours . it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board . customers can book and pay for the time they use the room . but the hotels can sell the rooms more than once a day .
John Helinski, 62, lived in a cardboard box at a bus stop for three years . he had all of his personal identification stolen and struggled to apply for a shelter . but a cop and a case manager found a lost bank account with money . they were able to retrieve his social security number and driver's licence .
recorder Philip cattan, 65, fell asleep during rape trial of John Quingley . retrial ordered and child had to give evidence for a second time . while jury was out of room, judge was confronted with claim he slept . court heard he had slept through part of cross-examination of witness .
mother-of-one, Alice Dreger, took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard during a lesson at eastlansing high school . the school has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson . 'the whole lesson here is "sex is part of a terrible lifestyle. Drugs, unemployment, failure to finish school -- sexism is part the disaster",' she tweeted .
'i don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she said at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change luncheon on Wednesday . she is one of three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by 'house of horrors' on may 6, 2013 . the third victim, Georgina 'Gina' deJesus, was rescued in may 2013 after she managed to escape with her six-
on asapSCIENCE on YouTube, the pair discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us . first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious . they also tend to have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature .
a cloud formation resembling the global symbol for wifi appeared recently in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan province . Shi Chao, a student at the university of science and technology, saw the cloud .
kestrel and barn owl attacked each other with sharp talons and beaks . fight captured on video by wildlife photographer in north Yorkshire . owle came out victorious, forcing kesrel to seek alternative home for mate .
pregnant women with hyperemesis gravidarum are more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a new study claims . about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating morning sickness .
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain whenever she ate, a symptom doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem . she was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, and the north carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube . within months she dropped to 80lbs, she revealed, and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals .
asabi barner, 37, is suing black ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, new york for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain . the parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons . barner says she went to the shop after watching the reality show and trusted the artists, who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones .
Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and fiancee Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds . Veronica and her sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles .
mountain lion, known as P-22, was found by workers in the crawlspace at noon on monday . he has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out - including firing tennis balls and bean bags at it .
Diane James, Ukip's justice spokesman, applauded Putin's nationalist credentials . argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the eu . she is considered to be a potential successor of Nigel farage .
survey found that men in special operations do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . they fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units, according to interviews and documents .
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths . 'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there . eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show landmarks almost devoid of visitors . they are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year .
rodrigo de freitas lake is set to host the Olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year's Games . over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of the lake . but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths .
flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances . it is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone, the same type of chemical used to make bath salts . once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength .
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes . young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of the country's population under 30 .
the 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out for €125 (£90) a night . guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine, relax on the couch or stroll among the vines . the property is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed .
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window . he is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under the counter . his owner has trained him to open the window when customers ring a bell .
model and actress, 27, unveiled summer collection for brand today . shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and florals to perfection . has been chanelling her passion for fashion into Lipsy ranges for years .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega cheese boss Maurice van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . she kept what he did to her a secret until the day he had been caught . the wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . one of his victims said she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she
images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft . they were taken from a distance of 47 miles (75km) from the sun . jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material . but such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet .
four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Don't Say Secretive' and 'don't say Ambitious' the signs appear to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the lookout for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician .
the driver of a van struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on sunday evening . while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot the driver in the head - killing the driver and a 15 year-old boy . police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident . a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge for the child's death .
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed The Button since the firm launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool's day . it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it . purple flairs are awarded between 52 and 60 seconds, blue flairs between 42 and 51 seconds, green flairs around 32 and 41 seconds, yellow flairs at 22 and 31 seconds . red is between zero and 11 seconds and orange is between 12 and
retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders . the medal, which was awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived on a ceremonial B-25 flight . last month, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle raiders, died after a battle with dementia at the age of 95 .
convicted felon, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, indiana, last year . he had served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery . after stealing roughly $1,000 with a note on the back of his resume, he sat on the curb outside and waited for police to arrive . now he has a job as a welder and is living with the support of his family .
some celebrities will choose comfort over style when pregnant . others will use the opportunity to complete transform the way they dress . many women opt for more reserved styles, which very much differ from their trashier previous looks .
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44 . he was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover police officers . the reserve deputy accidentally pulled out his service weapon .
detectives investigating killing of David King, 70, from newham, east London . pensioner retired to Normandy 15 years ago and was found dead last week . an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder . alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to be behind thefts .
yobs - some shirtless - sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante . abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down . video footage shows female passenger arguing and grappling with group .
one-eyed police murderer is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell . he was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 .
jobless 33-year-old has not worked since the age of 19 . miss Broom, of Gillingham, has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits . now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional english wedding'
border collies Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old . they use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten . their owner, 32-year-old Zane Jones, said: 'the girls are getting better every day'
marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg . he was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic star club . the truck sounded its horn and flashed by as he pedaled past a junction . it continued along the road for 100 metres before being stopped on the hard shoulder .
pet owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals . two thirds of goldfish owners put the bowl in sight of the television . micro pig lets their pet watch four hours of shows per day - or 28 hours a week .
presenter said: 'if you're one of the people sending death threats to Sue Perkins, could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself' perkins, who became a favourite to replace ousted Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets, announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the abuse .
researchers say antibiotics could be contributing to obesity epidemic . third of 10-11 year olds and a fifth of 4-5-year-olds in england are overweight . repeat prescriptions before age of two also raised odds of being fat . children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight and boys seemed particularly prone to weight gain .
the 13th century castle in the Dordogne sits on 46 hectares and is on the market for £703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour . despite being in the middle of the valley, the castle is only 15 minutes from an international airport .
gyro-copter flew from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the west lawn of the capitol in washington on tuesday . the pilot, a postal worker from florida, was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago . he landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way up to the capitol .
around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern china, are being put through their paces by instructors every day after school . teachers set up the classes after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs . the classes are named after the dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master .
future king will take full fortnight of paternity leave when second child is born . he became most senior member of royal family to work as ordinary PAYE employee . prince will be working in three sites – Cambridge, Norwich and Gloucestershire airport .
investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium . but upon closer inspection, it was found 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact 'misbranded' a 40g honey Smoked BBQ KIND Bar contains 230 calories, 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium, while an equivalent serving of S
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president's home at 10.25pm . the package was examined and 'deemed harmless', according to a report . last month a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side and get into the white house itself via an unlocked door .
subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, was set up by reddit moderator, Chris Ryves . thousands of users took to the thread, highlighting spectators who looked suspicious based on their demographics and whether they had been wearing backpacks at the event . but in days after the attack, they hurled false accusations at countless spectators, leading to 22-year-old sunil tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber . in new documentary, he says thread nearly became '
labour has previously predicted that the coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar . but in each case, the opposite has happened - and last night the leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team . the refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's newsnight .
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking so the shows can go ahead . motoring show looked like it may face the axe following fracas with producer . the BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of top gear . but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining shows .
asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were spotted on CCTV boarding a cross-channel ferry from Dover earlier this month . police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria . but a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody . the family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7 .
BMW Mini’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing directions and other features . goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits . an icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display when the wearer receives a text message and the message can be read out by the car . X-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the vehicle, such as high kerbs and small boll
infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on popular show 16 years ago . features ladyfingers, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles . now mancunian has whipped up their own version of the disgusting dessert .
Patrick and Valerie Jubb purchased the bed and breakfast in 2008 . but town hall ruled that the alterations, including a swimming pool, were illegal . they are attempting to sell the property but it is now on the brink of being torn down .
the son of the late Attorney General is a vaccine critic and is trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory . at a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts, the nephew of president john f. kennedy spoke out against the bill . the documentary purports that there is an association between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism .
mark lippert was attacked by a knife-wielding activist in march . he suffered a gash to his face and 80 stitches to his arm in the attack . the 42-year-old said if North Korea improves its human rights record, it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world .
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona . she spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . although the dentist agreed about the sanctified shape, the dentist was substantially less excited and 'started looking at my teeth'
nearly half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a reaction . but many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says study . two-thirds wouldn't know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergy . hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8% between 2013 and 2014 .
Tom Moffatt, 27, inked 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his arm . but instead of 'L', he started needling 'P' and had to 'scribble' attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' but ended up scratching 'sony boy' across his knuckles instead . he now faces hours of agonising laser surgery after the error .
queen letizia, 42, attended a conference for rare childhood diseases . wore a white trouser suit with blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch . made her way into the science museum, CosmoCaixa, in a relaxed manner .
a kidnapping in south Carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor, Demetri Nelson, couldn't operate a manual stick shift in the victim's car, police said . deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money . once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car .
the founder and CEO of Chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex-wife, who laid claim to half the $2 billion Greek yogurt empire . Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality .
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, 5, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year . when Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to hospital . kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000 . some donations have come from as far afield as the us, with many from Ireland and Scotland and the length and breadth of england .
mother-of-two, 45, fled her home in Chatham, Kent, with her 10-year-old son . she is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in a hate-filled chanting session in Raqqa, the terror group's de facto capital . experts say the slicky-edited video is the first 'real evidence' which shows she is involved with the brigade at a 'high level'
mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants--the world's longest such chain to date . she received a kidney after her husband gave his kidney to someone else in need . in turn, she received an organ from Matt Crane, 55, who's wife Michele's diabetes caused her to need a new kidney, which she received thanks to her husband's donation .
the world's third-largest joint ship, owned by royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . on board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive . there are 18 distinctive on board restaurants, ranging from traditional american to Jamie's Italian, a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine .
alaa Abdullah Esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some included pictures of corpses of fighters killed in Syria . the 22-year-old pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism under the Terrorism Act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications .
a 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean . since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico . it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere . and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob, by trapping heat in the water . this could explain why seven western states in the us have seen their driest periods in
witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana . he told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades . militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal .
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday . Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children . after the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .
andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri . his fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming he was mentally ill and unfit for execution . he declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch.
human rights lawyer claims people are being killed for organs in china . harrowing details revealed in documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking . one former medical student revealed how 'blood was still running' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive .
photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone . the authorities in charge of sites and cities like that have introduced tough new regulations to stop similar pictures being taken in the future . restrictions are due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property .
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in the hamlet of Pierres . he retired there from his job as an engineer some 15 years ago . on October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home . it is thought he got into an argument with a neighbour, aged 28 .
the 19-year-old model, who suffers from vitiligo, was pictured hand-in-hand with albino fashion star Shaun Ross on Tuesday night . the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, california .
'watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing,' he said . asked if he'd ever voluntarily watch Fox News, Stewart said, 'let's say that it's a nuclear winter, and I have been wandering, and there appears to be a flickering light through a radioactive cloud' 'it's not like I thought [the Daily Show] wasn't working any more, or that I didn't know how to do it,'
there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia . however, medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women . it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley who died after contracting the terrible disease . his parents are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible illness . 'if you haven't been immunised
doctor was taken to westmead hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday . he had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness . the humanitarian doctor had been working at an australian-run clinic in Sierra Leone since last year .
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win . dropped demand that the tories ditch pm before any post-election deal .
62-year-old paedophile was jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting girl . his daughter, 20, discovered his crimes in a local newspaper article . she disowned him and wants to change her name via deed poll .
more and more stars are opting to ditch their bras when it comes to day-to-day clothing . Rita ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently . the bra-less trend is also a big feature on red carpets .
the action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in slimbridge, Gloucester .
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ by bullies . became so depressed over his size he refused to leave his house for a year . was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame . following his suicide attempt, something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around 
judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . in victim impact statement's prepared for the sentence of Wallace, the couple called
heart patients who expressed gratitude for positive things in their life had better mental and physical health, a study found . patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure .
'we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks,' she told reporters after a roundtable event at a children's furniture factory . she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a 'stalled out' U.S. recovery . 'it's not enough just to tread water,' Clinton said .
the skeleton of a giant prehistoric meat-eating bird has been discovered . it has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning Scaglia's Magnificent Bird . scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae . they say it had a terrifying apperance but its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today . the two-metre gastornis was a flightless
the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome . they will be based at Microsoft's Redmond offices in washington . if successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . the plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations .
the I'm UP Alarm can be set to go off at a certain time the night before . it will then only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a barcode . the app is paired with a specific QR code that can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the house .
'Double wife killer' Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November . police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier . both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness . newly filed documents reveal that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from a policy taken out on his second wife to pay for his attorney
three more political parties have backed campaign to add first aid to curriculum . charities say move could prevent hundreds of deaths every year . labour, ukip and the green party added their support last week . shadow health secretary said issue was 'close to his heart'
uno, a three-week old kitten, and his full-grown dog, Louie, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month . the couple recently adopted the dog, which has a great track record with kittens .
the teenager from Grimsby hanged himself five months after his mother died . he wore his mother's bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume . his mother, Alison Overton, lost her battle with leukaemia in august last year . the 14-year-old had been settling in well after returning to school . on the day of his death, he told his grandmother to bring him home chicken nuggets . coroner said he likely did not
a vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane to protest van hire company Wicked Campers' offensive slogans . the slogans include, 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' the vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'random breast testing' and sexualised images of men and women .
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, ariz. on february 19 . he was able to start firing it as soon as he left, which should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons . police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued Valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air . when the weapon was later recovered, it was discovered the wire was loose, and only wrapped through the gun
actress says the duchess of cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' 'she's so fabulous on every level. she repeats outfits, which is brilliant,' she said . this is the first time she has been lauded as a feminist icon .
14% rise in men opting to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or are retiring gradually . follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers . men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children full-time .
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s . he placed it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame, he claimed, was 'CSS Georgia' he told historians he didn't have the $175 the owner wanted, so he took a photo of it and then mailed it to historical
the two famous wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar . after a brutal and closely fought encounter, the burly Sene emerged victorious .
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states . also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a 'significant customer presence' some communities can increase their chance of survival by walking faster .
the Countess of Wessex wore a beret-style percher hat with dark plumes . the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson opted for a blue hat . autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the queen's grandson, wore floral dress . lady Louise Windsor, 11-year-old, made up the royal ladies .
police have identified 25 people who claim he attacked them . each could claim for up to £100,000 . one man, allegedly attacked by Janner, has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire county council for damages .
Qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time the A380 sets down more than fifteen late on the tarmac at heathrow . the airline has slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use the airport .
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, new york, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14 . he ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in cary, north Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york . last week he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach . his nine-month-old son Leeim has spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder that develops in the womb when 
former prime minister says he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' claims he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level' he earns millions of pounds a year from consultancy roles and charges £250,000 for public speaking .
the 32-year-old father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor . he was refused access to his daughter, who is battling neuroblastoma . the little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . she has a high temperature, an infection and fluid in her lungs .
the trio were struggling to make ends meet a year ago when they came up with the idea of filming themselves miming to music . in march, their parody of queen's bohemian Rhapsody went viral, quickly racking up millions of hits on YouTube . their latest video, 'Mime Through Time', has now garnered 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook .
the president and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year . their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show . the Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions .
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home at 7:30am on Thursday . the 13-year-old made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . her father alerted police when he arrived home from work and she was nowhere to be found . police have questioned her school friends about her disappearance .
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics . she is a life coach, a writer for the huffington post and an author . but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the playboy she found it wasn't her education that people were interested in .
damage in the sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic . stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being . researchers at John Hopkins medical school in Baltimore found that employees who have to put up with a joke are more creative than those who don’t .
marine le pen accused her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream . 86-year-old founder of far-right party defended previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history' 'he seems to have descended into a strategy somewhere between scorched earth and political suicide,' she said .
university challenge final saw gonville and caius College, Cambridge defeat magdalen College, Oxford . law student answered 10 'starter questions' posed by presenter Jeremy paxman . viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess . but he admits he had help from some unlikely sources .
eyeko is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new Bespoke Mascara (£28) customers can choose between dozens of brush shapes - from thick wands for dramatic Sixties look to skinnier ones for lengthened, separated lashes . foundation, too, set to see a surge in personalisation .
soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to increasing waste . inventor took inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines . involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule .
comedian was outraged when he came across picture of extreme huntress winner . 'what must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal?' he tweeted . it got retweeted thousands of times - with some even wishing she dies 'a lonely, painful death'
the move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of her husband . Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her . the couple were high school sweethearts and married for 29 years .
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill . it now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers .
three flights from Mumbai to London were diverted in just over 24 hours . an Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20pm local time departure on friday . a spokesperson for BA denied there was a fire and said the aircraft landed as normal .
candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . she underwent surgery and radiation treatment to 'mop up' the cancer . but when a return visit revealed cancer cells had spread, she rejected conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online . her diet involved drinking 'morning juice', dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins . critics have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that her 'magic diet'
the 26-year-old is the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas . she dated prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up . the actress and dancer has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador .
the sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager . it was led by the black caucus of the american library association, which donated the tree . but by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk . a second tree that had been destroyed nearby was also vandalized . the memorial plaque at the base of the tree was also stolen .
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk . it cost £400 from a reclamation yard in the west country .
millie-Belle diamond is the most followed baby under two in the world on Instagram . her mother, Schye Fox, originally set up an account for her when she was two months old so that their family could see her grow . fashion labels and children’s brands began gifting her with their latest products and she started earning up to $250 per post .
no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as Barcelona . the hotel arts is a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel . it towers over the beaches and Port Olimpic as well as the old fishermen's quarter of Barceloneta .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses . footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands .
it was revealed on friday that David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications . this thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like OWN . a large portion of that money comes from stocks, with Zaslav receiving $144million in awards for his six-year contract .
little catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home . when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing . standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed, Catalina answers back at her father in . a bid to get him to do the cleaning .
Nikki Kelly, 24, thought she was suffering from period cramps . but when she made a dash for the bathroom she found she was in labour . she gave birth to her son in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor . miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy . had no cravings and had no morning sickness .
the 62-year-old was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york . but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . they are now buying their dream home together and plan to spend the winnings .
the cocaine was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific ocean near Central and South America . it included a 1012-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 . Thursday's arrival marked the second time that the Cutter Boutwell returned home with a huge load of drugs .
man, 29, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks . had just left the military and was in between jobs when he tore the tendon . doctors said his case shows video games can numb people's pain . this might be why some people play them excessively, say doctors .
a 32-year-old man with a history of psychological problems has been arrested . he has been charged in connection with the disappearance of his female lodger . police found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the house in a quiet street . at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina . the man's aunt has also not been found, prompting fears they could be murdered .
two 18-year-old men were arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an anzac day ceremony in Melbourne . they were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife . a friend of the young men who masterminded the plot has revealed the moment the two young men 'became radicalised' he claims the death of Haider was the moment 'we all became more radical'
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the Princeton complex dropped suddenly on October 9 . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido', 'sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' she recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners' corporation and elevator service
a mysterious sinkhole has appeared in a mountain on the outskirts of a city in north-western china . the temperature has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away . experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
the thief posed as a member of the congregation of a church in the gorton area of the city . he also tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags . police have described the incident as 'appalling' and have released an e-fit image .
limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg . effect of the drop in sales is so severe it is being blamed for a poor result . pub sales have dropped by 60 per cent when the new limit was introduced . publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban .
recent data released by KAYAK.com.au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe . number one choice is the ancient city of Athens in Greece, followed by Istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of Turkey . the number of australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics .
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat and killed David alderson . the 72-year-old was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in falmouth . police initially thought he died as a result of falling from his bike . but they lured him to a disused mine and killed him, court hears . they then used his stolen keys to steal £40,000 from a safe .
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz, has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler revealed . the eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant and features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks .
a letter of thanks penned by Masters champion Jordan Spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in Dallas has surfaced . the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . 'he's just a class guy in every way and it's difficult not to root for him,' said golf legend Phil Mickelson .
co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit before flying plane into mountainside . girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame copilot for death of bramley . she said she waited for him at Manchester airport before learning of crash . 'he would never have left me alone waiting like that,' she said .
prime minister will call the tories 'the party of working people' he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant .
the 26-year-old was last seen at her workplace in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday . she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this weekend . her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter . they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll . elite troops were called in from Nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university but did not arrive until 2pm .
nurse long Yufang was threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man . accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun offered to swap places with her . he reassured her: 'don't worry, i am not going to harm you' . but the hostage taker voluntarily put the knife down .
peachtree city, ga, police chief of police William McCollom called 911 early new year's day to report accidentally shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept . the shooting left her paralyzed below the waist and she resigned from the chief's job in march . he was indicted on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge on wednesday .
the average woman will spend an eye-watering £18,000 on skincare products . many make common mistakes every single day that could lead to skin ageing . dermatologists shed some light on the classic mistakes women make .
the image of 'CEO Barbie' is the 96th result on the page when you enter the search term . it comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of the onion that jokingly states 'women don't run companies' several high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have re-tweeted the results .
curt almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers . he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week . but after wiping out most of his savings, he realised it was 'boxers' he has now reverted back to wearing and washing his boxers several times .
Royston coates posted pictures of himself posing in his cell on facebook . he is serving a 10-year sentence for attacking a man with a kitchen knife . prison authorities have shut down his account after being alerted to the messages . it is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was filmed drinking prison hooch in jail .
'kick and kill' vaccine could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells . could stimulate a person's own immune system to kill the cells, scientists say . theory is based on a single patient case study in london .
74-year-old's body was found at her home in the marina da Gama area of the city . her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door . reports in south africa suggest the pensioner's attackers had mutilated her . she is survived by two daughters, three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren .
labour leader visited the Gurdwara – a Sikh temple – during campaign tour . but his team banned national media journalists from the event on tuesday . he donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs .
new analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined . it was only because of influence of traditional teacher-led methods . but it has slipped down international rankings tables as new techniques became more widespread . findings will add weight to arguments by former education secretary, Michael Gove .
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on friday and charged with child cruelty . but after interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' .
images shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media . show victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back . one of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a jihadi . gruesome photographs understood to have been taken near Tikrit .
man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's . he places a diamond ring on her finger and the couple engage in a passionate embrace . friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'man this is real, this really is real'
the 18th-century ballyfin is set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country . the five-star hotel boasts only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate, which can be hired out for €25,000 (£18,000) a night .
a six-year-old schoolgirl was pictured plopping her head down on her book . prime minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe . shadow Chancellor Ed Balls and Deputy prime minister Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters .
the affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households . a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . however, many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice .
former heavyweight champion has offered to 'tweet anything' for $20 . the 46-year-old shared the tweets with his 450,000 followers . he was once the only man who could beat former champion Evander Holyfield .
Fraser Ross, who founded the kitson fashion brand, is embroiled in a legal wrangle . he is accused of swearing at staff at the los angeles airport branch . company running the store has filed a lawsuit to end their business relationship . kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including lady gaga and kylie and kendall .
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in ménage a trois with co-worker and her husband . exchanged texts after threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . but when her boyfriend found out she had been raped, she claimed she was . she appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court where she admitted wasting police time .
family of a young italian woman killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the public to help them bring her body home to be buried . on Easter Monday, Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in head-on collision when car veered into oncoming traffic . she was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and died at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . the appeal on 'Go Fund Me'
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition . he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl .
former soldier and his wife were sat in front room of their home in oldham . thugs began pelting his front window with stones when one brick smashed glass . when he opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers he was struck in his left eye by another brick . doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye .
destroyer with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the english channel yesterday . it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . just hours later, two Russian long-range bear bombers hugged British airspace . sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland .
witness said front wheel of her bike was 'completely squashed' under lorry . incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near the houses of parliament . fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries . cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site .
the Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's back for dinner . they sampled cricket tacos, Asian worm stir fry and cricket kebabs . insects have been hailed as a solution to our meat problem . two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects .
north Charleston police officer Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting derad, 50, in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty . dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back has been filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit . it shows him weighing in on an arrest in progress, announcing that he's going to Tase
maarij Khan and his mother are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle . 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy to stay in the uk . his 10-year-old brother died of meningitis last month following a long battle with cancer .
earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh . contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin . a 16th century owner erased centuries' worth of additional verse, doodles and marginalia which had been added as it changed hands throughout the years .
eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after falling victim to 'sleeper' prank . he was suffocated until he passed out from lack of oxygen, police said . child's details have not been released but he is expected to make a full recovery .
estate agents were invited to value a house in an ordinary house in Enfield . the house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost . an estate agent is invited into the house and greeted by the fake homeowner, Rosie . she solemnly explains that the house is owned by her brother, who recently passed away in it .
a 'Facebook' party in Brisbane's south spiraled out of control on tuesday . a small scuffle escalated into an all-in fight as more teenagers join in . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm . four people have been arrested over the incident .
the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner Donald Sterling, 80, said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts . she lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades . but she insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money . despite acknowledging marital problems
the owner of the bunny Baker cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele . graphic artist Zach Yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, he dips in dark chocolate .
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid . it can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the groundbreaking design will offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity .
homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates . at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault . as they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink . of the 1,207 arrested, 1,057 were males and 150 were females from 18 countries in south and central america .
the two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability . Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed . most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern new south wales to Sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain . renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the operation . his family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by Tuesday night . on monday they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but his mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn . doshay is the son of a prominent local businessman who focuses on charitable causes with his wife . 'the family is obviously very distressed,' his lawyer said after arraignment .
coronation street star's first trip to the city was with her aunt when she was about 18 . she and her boyfriend spent four nights in the city . one of their first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11 .
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder . he was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild, saanvi, 10 months . attorney Henry Hilles said he and colleague Stephen Heckman have spent more time with their client 'than has ever occurred in Montgomery County history'
Hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell the three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a lake . Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins . their mother and father sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister . Sudanese footballer Majak daw arrived at the church and signed a book of condolences for the children before making his
temple told 147 tigers must be handed over by friday or they will be seized . animal rights activists have been campaigning against the treatment . temple is run by Buddhist monks who hand-raised the animals .
mayoral candidate, 50, followed in great-great-uncle's footsteps by leaping off bridge . but he survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity . he said: 'i thought it was going to be sheer terror, but i actually really enjoyed it'
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster . his followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the colander as a religious garment . he is challenging the DVLA over his right to wear it in his licence photo . father-of-one has already been turned down once by the government agency .
estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking . this includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster . the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 . it was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March .
tv personality, 40, recently revealed her then boyfriend 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago . she was flying solo to the event as she had just announced her separation from actor John Stamos two months prior .
menu devised by event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason . reishi mushroom flaxseed cream main course, coconut and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits . meals will be served for one weekend only at the curious canine kitchen .
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions . around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway . the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred .
brandt was found hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday . he was suffering from severe suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he committed suicide . the last time he saw Brandt alive was around 11.30pm on saturday .
66-year-old worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s . a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life . became one of the DEA's most important assets and helped carry out undercover stings around the world . was not paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship .
a desperate Ted Koran, 59, called the Veterans Suicide Hotline on saturday . he said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time . the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 animals he and his wife looked after together .
former gold medalist is eight months pregnant with her first child . the 26-year-old married fellow swimmer Harry Needs, 23, in September 2014 . she lost 21lbs after appearing in iTV's 'get me out of here jungle' in 2013 .
the Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . these locations include Cronulla beach and Wanda beach, both in southern Sydney . many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . this motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring .
67-year-old grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing . police raided her one-bedroom home in bowthorpe, Norwich, last year . 340 of the items still had price tags on, but she walked free from court . handed six-month suspended sentence and ordered to do 120 hours of unpaid work .
three years ago, Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio, a devastating disease which paralyses its victims' legs but is preventable with a simple injection . now, it's on the rise after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick . but mother-of-three Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban strongholds offering the
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother . on Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, new jersey . investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township . authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they
father-of-one feared he would never be able to have more children . he injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger . but nine months later it became so swollen and bleeding he couldn't have sex . plastic surgeon said injecting Vaseline into the body is a bad idea .
Tori Hester, 25, was diving off the coast of Mexico when the huge school of Trevally fish began circling above her . husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera . 'i had never seen anything like that before in my life,' he said .
last-minute booking sites reveal the best ways to visit the world's most budget-busting cities without breaking the bank . a stroll around New York's recently-built Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg, or visit one of London's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix .
Sean Crawford made a splash at the australian Traffic Jam Gallery with his taxidermy sculptures . he said he picked up his distinctive style after watching his family hunt on their farm . some religious folk have taken issue with the fact that he is 'manipulating the animal' by using animal parts in his work .
image was captured over jaibru in australia by off-duty emergency services officer . he dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning', meaning it appears to rise and loop when it's not . upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning strikes travel in an 'upwards' direction . storm chaser Dan Robinson believes it may instead be a trick of perspective .
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan patz, who vanished while on his way to school in 1979 . he confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades . the defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man .
the singer is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert on July 17 in support of a pro gun control charity . anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw's fan base 'overwhelmingly supports gun rights and views a concert benefiting Sandy Hook Promise as being a betrayal' the singer's opening act, bill currington, backed away from the project after backlash .
caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy . the condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen . she was placed in a cooling wrap to keep her at 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . despite her ordeal, she seems to be developing normally . her parents, Nicola and Paul, want to raise £16,000 for cooling machines .
the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia . they allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman at a drinks party . the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards .
young boy cradles goldfish and kisses it repeatedly in heartbreaking move . as goldfish circles bowl, he realises he will never see him again . his mother comforts him and he shrieks the name of the fish repeatedly . video has so far racked up 374,551 views .
54 per cent of single women say the best part about being single is to be able to go straight to bed without being bothered . but for men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners' women spend less time actively looking for dates than men, spending only 38 minutes per week .
female genital mutilation (fgm) is widely practiced in Eritrea . girls are removed using a knife, pair of scissors, scalpel or razor blade . if a girl is not cut, she will bring shame on her family and be abandoned .
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station in Philadelphia . shows five people storming out of a minivan and attacking the 51-year-old . one of the group takes out pepper spray as the man is brought to the ground . they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless . the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10 year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of during
labour's David Lammy said the party would look to 'forge a common alliance' with the SNP in the event of another hung parliament . the admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the tories that the . SNP will hold labour to . 'ransom' if it holds the balance of power in parliament next month .
aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse . they are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks, it's been reported . the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and US ice breakers, which have themselves been harmed by the extreme weather conditions .
the Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today . it comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement .
yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on february 22 . he drove 80 miles per hour through several junctions in a bid to escape arrest . the police squad car tries to keep up with the man but is forced to slow down . after a few seconds, the squad car follows the BMW 1 series .
the 48-year-old was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels . he was never screen-tested for the role and was discovered at 17 in a high-school production of the wizard of oz .
boy was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family when he became stuck . the 11-year-old became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be pulled to safety . coastguard used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed . he was flown back to hard sand and was returned to safety shortly afterwards .
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley . took daughter-in-law monika brzezinska, 34, along to help translate . she was given community order and made to pay costs after admitting fraud .
the nephew of president john f. kennedy used the term last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism . on monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement .
the woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry . unfortunately for the thief, the entire thing was caught on camera . 'people thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman .
the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge . his stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history . the gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin .
crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . in an interview with a local news reporter, she said: 'it is not a sin that we bring gays into our establishment, and to serve them' . she then said; 'we feel we are participating, we are putting a stamp of approval on their wedding, and we cannot do that'
in 1992, a program created for the DEA monitored every phone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking . this is now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country . a 1998 request for Sprint to release their call records labeled it 'one of the most important and effective Federal drug law enforcement initiatives'
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, new jersey, convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder . she claimed she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason when he began choking on applesauce in august 2012 . but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy . when the verdict was read out, the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told
Exactly two weeks after he was accused of groping an italian model during a business meeting, things seem to be back to normal for the Oscar winner and his designer wife . Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand marchesa . she was joined by the couple's son dashiell in the design room on Thursday . 'she doesn’t want this to interrupt her business or embarrass the
5ft 11in supermodel was scouted at the sunglasses counter of Primark at 15 . she has become a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway . the model is the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade .
football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online . they discovered an abusive message is directed at a premier league club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes . a total of 134,400 messages were posted on twitter, facebook, forums or blogs between august 2014 and march 2015 .
a body found in the Mississippi River on saturday has been identified as barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month . police said on Sunday that the boy's father, 33-year-old Pierre Collins, was in that area at the time he disappeared . the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated and the case is being considered a homicide .
inside Abbey Road is a web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of studios . the studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than the Beatles . it also played a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein .
the dpp consulted a barrister at 23 Essex street where Daniel Janner worked . senior police officers have reportedly raised concerns about his involvement . a spokesman said Mrs Saunders made the decision not to prosecute on her own .
pensioner's money appeared to be going missing from her bank account . her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease . but in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away . a £13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home had to be paid by council .
a passer-by found the child wandering near a suburban Chicago forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois around 6:30 pm Tuesday . she was crying and waving her hands . the girl's father, Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping . he's jailed in Van Buren county, Michigan, pending extradition proceedings .
devoted waitress Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's in Kansas City last week . 'it's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' she said . on April 6, 1965, she began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years .
sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in west London . sold for 300 times average price of home in england and wales . but stamp duty alone, paid on top of price, is enough to pay annual salary . it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the uk . spread across four floors, house is 18 times size of average new home .
lib dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in may . she hit the campaign trail on her own today, as he said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party . the pair met the cast and crew of a film examining the girls and gangs in london .
the 13-year-old boy reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning, killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers . he is said to have targeted his female catalan teacher and her daughter, also a student at the school, and shot and injured the female teacher in the face . the boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he's under 14 the age of criminal
environmental group says it will occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer and unfurl a banner . with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling . activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of hawaii in inflatable boats launched from the greenpeace ship .
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the white house, to the perimeter fence . the spikes will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated . a sitting congressman suggested in November that the Secret Service would be better able to protect the president and his family with a moat .
common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south . number of encounters with the species has increased by 68% over the past 12 years, according to a leading research body . but climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade . warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore .
the note was left in the window of an undisclosed chip shop in london . owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family . in it he writes: 'this shop will be closed for 1 week. re-open on mon 16th march'
researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, germany, used peppermint plants, which contain minimal traces of nicotine, in mulching and fumigation experiments . they found that plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soils, as well as taking in the drug from smoke . finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentration of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides .
'unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources' 'Argentina has been forced to resort to defensive measures', he said . he says Argentinian judicial authorities will consider case against companies .
lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home . the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil . in Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash - nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013 .
19-year-old has undergone emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her intestine . reveals all about life and how to have sex with her bag for the first time . also reveals how her boyfriend has been a great support .
albino bottlenose dolphin can change colour from white to pink when it's feeling angry, sad or embarrassed . phenomenon results from animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state . the rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year .
the mini-martha from australia makes an estimated $127,000 (AUD $162,472) a month from the ad revenue generated from her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen . her channel beat household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious and lucrative title .
investigators scouring computer belonging to co-pilot to determine state of mind . investigators believe he may have 'spiked' his captain's coffee to force him into toilet . prosecutors believe the 27-year-old may have removed him from flight deck . after crash, it emerged he suffered from crippling depression .
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down a lift shaft . property manager Yang said her three-year-old son pushed her . but there is no CCTV evidence of the incident in china .
Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles for ten years . the model and mother of two says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago . she also says her sister, a nurse in Singapore, also noticed the trend for high-waisted, good old fashioned Spanx after having baby .
pamela Anderson joined controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet for inmates . the jail has been serving vegetarian meals to the more than 8,000 inmates for 16 months now . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year .
3.2 million-year-old fossil stunned archaeologists in the Afar region of Ethiopia . skeleton belongs to species called Australopithecus afarensis and is around 40 per cent complete . when discovered in 1974, Lucy would've stood 3.5 feet (about a meter) tall .
the Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets . a turn of the steering wheel, for instance, is recorded by sensors and sent to computers at the rear of the vehicle . computers interpret that signal and instruct motors at one or all four of the wheels to move at the appropriate rate, causing the vehicle to turn as commanded .
thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures are washing up across Oregon, California and Washington this spring . experts say they are easily blown to shore thanks to a blue sail on their bodies . the creatures are not harmful to humans but will smell fishy as they decompose .
the 51-year-old nurse was found battered to death at her family home in 1995 . her naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs in Radnage, near Chinnor . detectives believe her head injuries were probably inflicted with a crowbar . the motive remains unclear with police describing the circumstances of the crime as 'unusual' .
ground-based air defense directed energy on-the-move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target . once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser .
matthew weathers, a teacher at Biola University in la mirada, California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel . he puts in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student .
a fixed-term Starter Marriage would work better for many modern day couples . couples sign a renewable contract known as a 'wedlease' instead of promising 'til death do us part' . at the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways or continue with the marriage .
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California . a video obtained by TMZ appears to show Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
the miniature chocolate amphibians will now weigh just 12g . the shrinking of one of australia’s most popular children’s chocolates was not widely announced but was in fact spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats .
singer, 22, attended the 30th Annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, ohio . she displayed a bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap . many users advised her to pick up a razor and shave her armpits .
an eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a prosecutor said . defense attorney had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent . the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend, 20-year old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort
staff attorneys at the U.S. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. a spokesman for TWC questioned the reports and said that the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission . the merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last February .
the annual meeting attracts more than 70,000 people . the motto of the convention in Nashville this weekend is: 'if they can ban one, they will ban them all' .
'obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip. Destination unknown,' tweeted a reporter . the trip happened to take place during the National Park Service's National Park Week .
medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire royal . it came as the west Midlands ambulance service demanded action . figures show it has missed four-hour waiting time target for 28th week in a row .
bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in a tweet published ahead of Liverpool's clash with Newcastle tonight . tweet read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male'
scientists analysed 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 . they looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment . 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes . many were badly affected by events in their formative years .
a new exhibition at the museum of the city of new york highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement . it highlights the 1963 demolition of the old Beaux-Arts-style Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden . the law was signed by mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978 .
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage . the chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship . when he bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . after he struggled free she armed herself with 
the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air, 60 feet from the site . the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited . it was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground .
copper-locked actor Damian Lewis says redheads everywhere are doing well . he says: 'this might be a unique moment in recent history: redhead stock is very high' .
little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas . for months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site . instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from faulty pump hired by family had caused his death . but damning new evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing . had leaked into family's home
five young sailors were serving on the same base when they took their own lives . their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own life . ice use and drinking was rife within the ranks of HMAS Sterling . former sailor Matt Henry said there was a drug culture .
the pair had been driving together when, unknown to his girlfriend, Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road . the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person . but sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after girlfriend Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on .
the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese grand prix . she was pictured grimacing as he sprayed champagne at her face . but she said she didn't think much about it and wasn't annoyed . 'i was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did,' she said .
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in 2012 after 14-years behind bars . he was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . according to city codes - someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive .
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out at the yarrow valley country park . she was playing in a tunnel when the dog entered and bit her face . her father, who works as a floor layer, heard his daughter screaming . he kicked the dog away before the owner called the dog back and fled . the dog was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control .
footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from .
image shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech . the images were captured by Nasa's Landsat 7 satellite and the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the dunes and were reflected off . dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'Y-shaped compound dunes'
the 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint . soldiers who entered the passageway had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path . officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and stretched some 500 feet towards the U.S. border .
prime minister skolled a schooner of beer at an australian rules function . but anti-drinking campaigners say he is glorifying binge drinking . 'it sets up a culture that drinking isn’t about socialising with friends, it’s about how quickly and how much you can drink,' says cultural studies professor .
the 96-year-old was a prisoner of war during the second world war . he spent his £50,000 life savings on home care but council refused to pay . help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep him in his own home . they have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed to secure his future .
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in Stratford, east london, last night . she was spotted with an unknown man on a city street at 10.30pm yesterday . but she was traced this morning after police released a CCTV image .
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed victim Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck with a kitchen knife . he met him on gay dating app after going back to his home in Medway for sex . but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn slashed him in the throat . drug-fuelled thug left victim in fear of his life before fleeing with victim's jewellery .
15 men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean sea . survivors claim men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion - but were prevented because they huddled together .
labour leader reads from notes during leaders' televised debate . he reminds himself to be a 'happy warrior' and to 'stay calm, never agitated' . his cribsheet prompts him to turn 'negative' into 'positive' on the deficit .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping on a beach in daytona beach, florida . the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly shot dead his former work-study supervisor, Ron Lane, at a community college in goldsboro . police are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime .
jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook . 'we all have kids that we are besotted with ... but we don’t ram it down everyone else’s neck,' the letter begins . the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views Jade’s Facebook posts .
the Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death . the group said the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, named after the couple and passed in 1993, blocked an estimated two million prohibited gun purchases in the u.s.
a 39-year-old man allegedly impregnated his stepdaughter, 17, while looking after her sister, who died in her care . the teen gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital . lachaux is married to the teenager's mother 38-years-old Kellie Phillips - they have six children together . he allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but
four sisters at the centre of australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children . they were removed from their mother's home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan back to their father in Italy . the girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mum every night . 'they are really well, really centred and settled,' 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown told daily mail australia .
the Tulsa county sheriff's office claims that at least three of 73-year-old Robert Bates' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours . they allege that he was not fit to police the streets . the revelations come in the same week that Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for the death of 44-year old Eric Harris . he fired his handgun instead of his Taser
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established . the official vinyl charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day .
Kamron Taylor was caught in south side, illinois, with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off . he had been waiting to be sentenced for the murder of a man with the name 'gertrude' tattooed to his neck . it was feared he planned to hunt down the family of his victim, Nelson Williams Jr .
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists and making false statements to the FBI . 'i'm chilling in Istanbul,' he wrote a high school friend on facebook . his brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with the nusra front .
max verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, north island . his mate blasted his back open and he tumbled down the hill he was perched on . 'i thought, "oh s***", and had all this blood dripping down my back,' he said .
major general James Post III told a group of officers that talking to congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason' the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft, which is highly regarded by ground troops .
the 'pro-women' ad appeared in the latest issue of vice magazine . the brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for international women's day with more than 16,000 people liking it .
australian gamer known only as Bonnie Doll has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch . her live stream has almost one million views so far . followers pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations . the 28-year-old has been living in australia since 2007 .
disabled pensioner Alan Barnes was beaten by a drug addict outside his home . the 67-year-old was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead, tyne and wear . a fund was set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000 . today he was handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house .
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan . the case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity . despite hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under normal rules
millions still tune in but listen for much shorter bursts, figures show . this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week . many who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as Spotify for their music fix .
minute-long clip shows the rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth . a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as it makes feeble attempt to launch at the military base .
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience on Monday . he made the off-colour gag during a warm up to the show . the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd . several audience members were furious over the sexist joke .
avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday . the entire beach, right up to the top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow, jelly-like substance . wild winds and relentless thunderstorms continue to batter the state . 'it's foam that has been swept off top of waves because the water was so churned up and its mixed with sand - it'
sophomore communications major Roman Ehrhardt brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich . he became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class . however according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior was actually completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm .
Mikki Nicholson, a national Scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train . the 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing . inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in months before death, and spent time as an inpatient at the carleton clinic .
experts warn cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates is unsustainable . white bread and processed carbohydrates contribute to weight gain . but experts say this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely .
the settlement includes a requirement that the state DMV officially apologize to her and allow her to take a license photo with her everyday makeup . the agency will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify with either gender .
former first minister boasted he would write labour's first budget . he joked that he'd 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a tory election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket . the two most high-profile conservatives joined forces to question the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to prop up labour .
the duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing . a little girl could bring in £150m for the uk's economy . prince charles' first year boosted the economy by £247m .
general Martin Dempsey, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee . the 28-year-old was the first navy SEAL to die in the heavily-contested city of Ramadi in 2006 . he was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery .
staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley overlooks the Blagdon countryside . organic and locally sourced food is prepared by executive chef Paul Collins . beef burger with tomato, gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun for £4 . fish cake with roasted cherry tomatoes, chervil hollandaise & pea shoot salad, served with potato wedges & purple sprouting broccoli .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a Dominican woman in her late 30s . she invites him round for quickies in the building where he works . six calls were made to 311 - new york city's non-emergency number . the woman whose moans during sex sparked the highest number of complaints .
one of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships . a second trafficker, Ermias Ghermay, who is thought to have made £72million from smuggling in the last two years, also showed callous disregard for his 'customers'
prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons will launch manifesto . will pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws' - giving English MPs veto over legislation . manifesto expected to commit to dozens of new road schemes in the uk .
Kristina Karo claims she was a classmate of Mila Kunis, 31, who moved to the u.s. from Ukraine in 1991 . she claims a seven-year-old was 'envious' of her pet hen, and that 25 years ago, she stole it from her . the wannabe singer is now suing the 'thief' for $5,000 .
one-month-old baby lulled to sleep by father's impression of darth vader . wriggling baby doeszes off as soon as 'Buddy' starts deep breathing technique . parents will try anything to get newborn to stop crying and go to bed .
jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show . the couple ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together . 'now i am looking at him in a sexual way instead of just looking him like he's my bud,' the 30-year-old said of her new husband .
Sacha whitehead posted a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD . the 26-year-old was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status . she spent the night handing out the clothes to locations often frequented by the homeless .
a man in sunglasses and a t-shirt with a logo of what appears to be a playboy bunny with marijuana leaf for ears is caught on camera whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth . 'Sometimes, you know, you gotta call a girl,' says the man, who unabashedly admits he calls a dog 'the same way' during the interview .
Joseph Oberhansley, now 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September . prosecutors say they intend to seek the death penalty in the case .
an FBI affidavit reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared government information with an alleged spy . the translator was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a u.s. government employee' despite these claims, she was never prosecuted by the government and lived with another State Department employee who had top secret clearance .
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body . if it weren't for his 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge . she was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . the incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother .
100 people have been struck down by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug' the source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 April . a sign posted on the door of the hotel warned visitors about an 'airborne virus' at the premises .
Alice Liveing, from buckinghamshire, began her clean eating journey a year ago . started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to keep track of what she was putting into her body . has more than 102,000 followers on social media thanks to her delicious meals .
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march . following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart . it now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall . in the uk the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the app category . by comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively .
Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from . if you're friendly enough to have 'family dates', do it . but only if both are relaxed in each other's company . don't criticise your ex's new partner .
abigail Ahern has released a new style bible, aptly named Colour . the best-selling author says colour gives her a 'squishy feeling of contentment' . she says to ditch the beige, stop procrastinating and be bold .
scientists have found a system of priming the body's immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours . survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent . skin cancer patients are now being recruited for the first clinical trial on humans .
university student Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in glasgow . her remains were found dumped in a field after a four-day hunt . district judge Nigel Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily . but her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a club . he said: 'it's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very very vulnerable positions' .
Amanda Berry, 29, and Gina DeJesus, 25, have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27 . they recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel . Castro, a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio, and managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends . in an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, the brave survivors revealed how
Doris Fuller's daughter, Natalie, 28, killed herself in front of a train last month . she suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and went undiagnosed until her early 20s . fuller has written about how her illness led to her death and said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known'
prime minister made comment as this morning host Phillip Schofield moved on . he said: 'up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, watch and tie without you noticing' co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at remark as programme went to ads .
myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd . the department store stocks top end labels including balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen . move comes as there is greater need than ever to bridge gap between online and overseas pricing .
'sir, east lake courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' judge Lila Statom said . 'people like you have made it a violent, unsafe place to live,' she told the courtroom .
the four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on the roof . it was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material . police and bomb squad were called to the building in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo .
prime minister's wife was campaigning in west Yorkshire with tory candidate . she visited the Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax . 'it's great to be in Yorkshire,' she said of the best thing about campaigning .
courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited GP for treatment . she was stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time . her mother accuses school of being 'petty and unreasonable' and 'mind-boggling'
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song . in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing . and they were a third less likely 'hear' it when they chewed gum . the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover . from sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities . here, mailonline travel reveals the best - and most bizarre - things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport .
photographer James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in township near Johannesburg . pictures sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent his death . he said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country .
'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the show about his family history . the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his ancestry from Finding Your Roots .
much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul . country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city . move echoes that of spectre, where government offered $20m to studios .
the world's third largest cruise liner sailed past its sister ship as it made its way out of Southampton docks on its maiden voyage . the ship's, both owned by royal Caribbean, will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will serve Europe and the Mediterranean . after the summer, the Anthem of the Seas will move to new york and will sail regularly to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England .
Lian Doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by Justin Robertson when he murdered pennie Davis in a new forest field . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand . Doyle admitted disposing of her boyfriend's shoes, thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary .
police seized three million condoms, thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million . heavy metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic found in lubricating oil . gang broke up large operation covering eight provinces in china . fakes were packaged as popular brands such as Durex .
radio host posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' in the post, she said: 'in the past few months I joined a new club... It’s the IVF Baby Club' the 33-year-old married her fiancé at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20 . but the couple's efforts to have a baby had been unsuccessful because she suffers from Endometriosis .
will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the Broke Backpacker . the 26-year-old has only tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months . he has recorded his adventures in his blog, making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands .
cruise ship passengers have finally arrived at Sydney's overseas passenger terminal this morning . 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew were due to disembark the ship on tuesday . huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels and shattered plates and cups . one passenger said: 'i looked out the window and one of the waves crashed up against the glass. I freaked out and closed the curtains. I couldn't deal with it'
the 93-year-old has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood . the citation recognises his long service to the monarchy and the Commonwealth . it comes despite criticism of the prime minister after he recommended the Duke .
six tigers, a bear, lion, cougar, black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe' authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man released 56 exotic animals . he then killed himself . neighbors insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat .
the duchess of cambridge's baby is due 'mid to late April' according to a well-placed source . sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such . the 25th is a favourite with punters according to bookmakers ladbrokes .
a firefighter used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source . passengers were kept on the plane for about 45 minutes . flight crew noticed a 'smoky odor in the cockpit' after landing .
jaimie Hessel was shocked to receive a $16,000 bill from the cab-hailing app . she claims the driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey . the customer e-mailed Uber Support to complain she had been overcharged and that the driver was unnecessarily extended the ride .
marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain in channelview, texas, on march 31 . a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing her to empty the registers before making off with $400 . after being robbed, she was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job .
director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders 'ignored advice' of top QCs . both clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC recommended the labour peer face trial . a trial of the facts could have satisfied the need to get the bottom of the appalling claims against the peer . figures from across the political spectrum are calling for the decision to be reversed .
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him . she was arrested in may 2013 after his chopped up remains were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor home she was moving out of . investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell .
hotel worker met toyboy on holiday after mother's death and fell for him . but 18 months later he proposed to her with a ring engraved with his name . she slimmed from size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look . now she has sworn to remain single after discovering he was cheating .
the 90s chop, made famous by by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years . one chain of barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut . the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of the sequel to the 1994 cult hit, in which he hung on to his trademark chop .
the 18-year-old is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19 . she stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot for the may issue of Elle magazine .
Ann Rule, 84, has been in declining health since breaking her hip in 2013 . her son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327 . he also allegedly blew money given to him on gambling and strip clubs . son, 51, receives approximately $9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises, LLC .
aden gould, 21, opened two boxes of speakers in a branch in stoke-on-trent . he tested them to see if they worked with his mobile phone and put them back . but he was apprehended by security and forced to empty his bag . staff took him into manager's office and told him to pay a £150 security fee .
next door neighbour yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised the couple for seven years . taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . 'nasty' neighbour turned on her after finding out she had a friendship .
two-year-old toppled out of a second floor condo window and died . his mother, Michelle newman, visited his grave on the ninth anniversary of his death . she said she hopes other parents will safety proof their homes .
Shannon Carter, 21, attacked 20-year-old amelia Gledhill with a stiletto . a row broke out between the pair on a night out in Bradford city centre . she followed the victim into the toilets, where she carried out the 'unprovoked' attack . victim was given stitches at Bradford royal infirmary and had to return to hospital . also had to take time off work and became too afraid to go out .
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, was pulled from the water in north london . he had been swimming with four friends when he got into difficulty . eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank looking for him . they were heard shouting to ambulance crews asking how long someone could survive under water without breathing .
princess arrived in Florence yesterday for the first day of the condé Nast international luxury conference . the royal has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names . last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with Ralph Lauren's middle son David during a lavish party .
a former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens . 'much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the university of Calgary . Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on earth in 2005, becoming the first high ranking politician to do so . last year he declared on Russian television that aliens are walking among us .
amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud formation above Briones Regional Park, in California . the furious-looking beast appeared to breathe fire as it stared down from the sky in the bizarre cloud formation . he said he didn't even notice the striking formation until he checked his camera when he got home .
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston . the operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the fire department, lifespan, the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast . he was shifted into the shipping container, complete with medical equipment, and lifted with a crane down on to a flatbed truck .
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to his friend's son . he carried out attack after becoming angry with 96-year-old mother olive, 96 . retired antiques restorer was given a lift to the address where he dumped stripper . the product caused more than £2,000 of damage to the vehicle .
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet . 'he's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan . the puppy was named after a character in the film forest gump who lost both of his legs . fellow breeders suggested to owner Karen Riddle when the dog was born that he should be put down because he might be too sick to
gayla neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual genetic legacy . she was bullied at school and felt ashamed of her weight . but now she is using her 96-inch belly to launch her new career . says men from all over the world love her 'perfect belly' .
the unnamed girlfriend dumped her boyfriend's iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub . she then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him . the woman scorned took the trouble to give his £899 gadget a single soaking .
alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, central mexico, last week . she pleaded with federal police not to take her from her parents . a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Houston resident dorotea Garcia, who was working for interpol on the orders of a judge .
airports are often cited as the worst in the world for long queues and cramped flights . travellers complain about the convoluted and unsigned layout and lack of restaurants, activities and services for the layover traveller . the layout at the airport in los angeles has been described as 'horrible' .
geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 despite 34million plays . he said he was not opposed to streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more . said young artists are getting a poor deal by the time they get to a major label .
the flub by a graphics person, made on the east coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world .
senior police officer warns of 'chaotic' terror attacks using knives and vehicles . 'misfits' are 'very young, violent and mentally ill', he says . calls for a 'step-change' in the scope and scale of terror threats .
team of archaeologists at Boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa . they used computer model the amount of energy a group of Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . without fire, a . group would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year . than if they did .
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox . 10% are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork . from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house, only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online .
Shaun Bryan, 23, dodged bullet that paralysed five-year-old Thusha Kamaleswaran . he was intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011 . thusha, who had been playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop, was caught in the crossfire when two gangs clashed . Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home
angie donohue reveals how her husband tried to hire someone to kill her . the 43-year-old stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire 'various people' . she fell pregnant and he convinced her they should try for another baby .
researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee examined how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery . they found that soft toys brought into the operating theatre served as a breeding ground for bacteria . researchers urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose .
21st century additions like a facebook page, an Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good . on a date in the 1990s, the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill .
Lucy Southern worked at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds . she was quizzed about her sex life and asked if she wore stockings in bed . in 2013 she complained but nothing was done and in October he touched her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck . he later stroked her back and prodded her in a private area .
John Sutton, 84, was just 8 years old when his blacksmith father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby in 1940 . he and his father decided to bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion, which won the race . since then, he has attended every race at Churchill Downs - the track that hosts the race every year - and is inviting him to attend as their special guest on may 2 . this week, a reporter from wAVE 3 visited his home in
father-of-two, 37, was born and raised in dudley in the west Midlands . he claims to make devices known as IEDs in a room in syria . his social media presence rarely lasts longer than a few days . but he has been able to share images of his bomb-making factory .
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game . when Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . the heartwarming moment was caught on camera .
maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him just to walk or walk . he finished his fifth marathon at 5am on thursday morning . the Venezuelan athlete said his story touched a city famous for its iron-clad will after the 2013 bombings .
the iD network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries . it will use three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans . the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets . 'we're building this network from scratch and are using the latest technology,' says carphone warehouse boss .
the prime minister will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces . he will say the cost of childcare has become a major barrier to employment . the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning over £150,000 .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it . Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake .
house & son auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival the likes of Harrods and selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28 . the items, which are in immaculate condition, come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner . some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum . there are 50 handbags, some of which have never been used or even removed from their protective
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students . in U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women . this year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January .
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal . analogue services will switch off in favour of digital radio . Streaming has topped CD sales in revenue for the first time in the united states .
the company said it will announce a 'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors . home battery packs power up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . they can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency, or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources . the event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, design studio on April 30 at 8pm .
more than a third of health trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments . 'eligibility' rules could affect smokers as well as the overweight . procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery . smokers might be denied some treatments, most commonly IVF .
the former tech executive will launch a formal campaign on may 4 . a spokeswoman for FIorina told daily mail online that it's just a rumor at this point .
president Barack Obama will again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of ethnic Armenians a genocide . as a candidate for president in 2008, he promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected . but he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the pope for the world to recognize the killings as 'genocide'
actress, 44, gave birth to son in september and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . has turned to celebrity hypnotherapist Susan to help her shed two stone . famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 .
the french are the most loved-up, sending more hearts than any other region . in the us, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands . this is followed by Canada and Malaysia .
summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin, broken flip flops and even water-logged mobile phones . mailonline travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle . lemon is often preferred, as its known to be a great natural bleach, but orange will also work in a pinch .
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, was charged with making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge . the alleged victim was living with Stickler at the time and reported an attack in their home in february . she claimed her cellphone had been destroyed in the process .
cabbie 'uncle Teng' came up with unique tipping system ten years ago . 58-year-old from shenyang, north china, picks up eighty passengers a day .
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet . the 17-year-old is one of several teens charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, florida . cell phone video emerged showing avery and her friend leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'oss celebrations' she claims the rituals are part of her 'religion, culture and heritage' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 .
abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries using special effects . her gory recreations have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on Instagram .
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen . she had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows . but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance. she didn't even have photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage .
photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas . temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens, and could climb to 21C in brighter spots of the north west of the country . but parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow .
the 51-year-old was interviewed by ITV's Julie Etchingham in Deal, Kent . he described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details . as a boy he enjoyed more 'freedom' than children today, he said . also revealed his battle with testicular cancer and plans to go on and on .
chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol (DNP) is used in pesticides and explosives . most recent victim is 21-year-old Eloise Aimee parry from shrewsbury . she died after buying it online to slim down - despite being a normal weight . despite dangers, drug can be bought cheaply and easily online .
over a three year period, Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries . he also gulped down screws, nails and magnets . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed hundreds of foreign objects inside his stomach .
Cengiz Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day . the 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things at the cemetery for the past four years . he's protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler .
lib dem leader says 'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' he warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure . separate study found there was a 'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry . two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thought they were not at risk . more than half (59%) of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year .
kidneys were extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size . a week after his initial operation, a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs (2.5kg) was removed . both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7lbs (2.1kg) in 2011 .
Holly Nicole Solomon, 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault and disorderly conduct . she hit her husband with their SUV in a parking lot in Mesa, ariz. . bystanders said she had been slamming the door of her Jeep repeatedly while yelling at her husband . but she accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake and slammed into him . he was taken to the hospital in critical condition after suffering a shattered pelvis and
'Climate change can no longer be denied. it can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day . 'that’s why I’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat,' the president said . the day trip to south florida, on which he was accompanied by bill Nye 'the science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force one,
court rules that as the child's biological father, . Robert Preston Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to . be a part of his son's life . the court ruled that Joyce Rosemary Bruce impregnated herself using a turkey baster in 2010 . she had opted for the bizarre method because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean . Mr boardwine had no parental rights . after the boy was born, the pair disagreed on the
discount supermarket under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees . the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) took action against the supermarket last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems . some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print .
a man rescued five horses from floodwater in his rural town of Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region . three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years . the man paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater . heartwarming images show the concentration on his face as he struggles to lead them out of the murky water
the Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks . the figures were seized on by labour and the tUC as 'shocking' but benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the figures .
Perth couple Sharon and Nick Chalwell turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor . the couple have been trying to conceive since they were married . a call-out on a local radio station put them in touch with Shannon Mann, 22, who has a two-year-old son, Lucas . she said: 'there were no ifs or buts about it: we wanted kids'
a 34-year-old . French-built Falcon 50 began tumbling through the air on . friday . advisers described being . 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane landed safely back in . Belgrade . an investigation determined that the co-pilot had spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence'
former teachers of al-taqwa college claim he is discriminating against female students . the principal reportedly banned female students from participating in cross country events . a group of female students wrote a letter to the principal when they found out they had been banned from competing .
the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions . the league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday . senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out .
bianca London, anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies . the £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week . he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . the snake escaped from its pillow case and slithered across Hatfield's stomach and off his bed .
a 37-year-old man was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a 'shots fired' call early on . Monday . 'he took the computer into the back alley and fired eight . shots into the computer with a handgun, effectively disabling . it,' police said .
sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, arrested in 13th arrondissement in southern france . he had shot himself in leg before being arrested by anti-terrorist officers . this afternoon police found documents mentioning al qaeda and iraq at his home . also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria . police also reportedly claim DNA evidence links him to the murder of aurelie chatelain, 33, who was shot dead
five-year-old has spent more than a year in australia's offshore Nauru detention centre . she has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing from the military police in Iran . the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia . the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . migrants desperate for a foothold in the uk then claim they have a human right to a family life in the country to raise the child .
seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at the end of the month . the flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms .
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably . in the days after the accident she lost control and feared something else was to blame . tests revealed she had functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms doctors cannot explain . she is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter .
antitrust chief said gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'
global population of humpback whales is to be declassified as 'endangered' it follows a conservation 'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000 . but experts warn it is too soon to declare the project a success . they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations . ten of these would be 'not at risk', two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangering’ .
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as maintenance engineer to gain access to students' homes . he pinched laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . but he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a police charge sheet . the thief was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five burglaries .
for the first time ever, fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for each club varies around the world . the map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance . in the UK fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival .
scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' . Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . study was conducted by scientists from Ghent university in Belgium and the international potato institute (cIP)
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St. Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical help after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star stuck in his mind last may . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call in his head for years . manderson will often be listening to the same song for a month before something new appears, though some never leave .
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire . the 17-year-old was studying film, performance, english and sociology . her mother said she was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress . friends have set up a facebook memorial page to pay tribute to her .
the 29-year-old allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink . today, he appeared at Isleworth crown court in a smart pinstripe suit . he was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub .
man, 27, tried to flee the area after a woman's body was found in his car . he ran into bushland and over a fence before being arrested by police . the man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle . police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35 .
the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day campaign trip to new hampshire . 'when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' she asked . the former secretary of state stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts, and said nothing .
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete gender transition . she will move to live with fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon . if successful, she will have six months to apply for a marriage visa .
the 52-year-old was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles . after the crash, Knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away . officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a sample . 
sheepdog leaned on the controls before sending tractor on to the motorway . he smashed through a fence before hitting the central reservation barrier . don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks . traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning 'due to a dog taking control of tractor'
of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children . they were dropped off in the Sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland .
dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago . he was hauled before the general medical council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . married doctor was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics . but he has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-nature man on his iPod touch during a night out .
William Smith was 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg . the couple, from Crawley, west Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005 . they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap . but they feel they have proved critics wrong because they are still together .
'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now . he insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees . comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled .
bosses still haven't found a replacement for Jeremy Clarkson for the show . he was unceremoniously sacked from the motoring show just last month . but he will return to the corporation once he's had 'some time', says boss . final scenes filmed before his sacking will be aired this summer, she says .
scientists at the university of southern california have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear . it is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . but she apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'f***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall . three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22, and
university of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk . it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . material swirls around the objects in the quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger . the simulation is particularly interesting because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years .
the matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once exposed to oxygen . they have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations . the matches cost £5.47 ($7.99) from UCO which has been making outdoor accessories for the past 44 years .
male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates running along their backs . raises the possibility that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach up to 2.5 feet, to attract a mate . palaeontologists say male could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way peacocks do today .
35-year-old Laura Eugenia Smith faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication . a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat . the witness followed the vehicle into an auto parts store parking lot and used his truck to block the exit so that Smith couldn't leave while he called police . however Smith backed her car into the truck and started to spray him with pepper spray .
'no. None of it is true,' she said in a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the australian women's weekly . it is the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious fans . the wellness blogger was a prominent australian social media personality . her business empire was destroyed and her online community in tatters .
comedian and mother-of-one Raquel D'Apice, from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns . the entertaining collection of spoof critiques highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today .
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day . cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed by law during the sombre day, and many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends .
ancient papyrus found in ancient town of Oxyrhynchus, south of Cairo . contains a medical 'recipe' for treating a 'drunken headache' written in Greek . it recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together . but it is not known if it had any effect on headaches brought on by alcohol .
graeme finlay, 53, claims he acted in self-defence after being attacked . he is accused of attacking husband and wife on board a luxury cruise ship . the pair were on board the Thomson celebration liner off Lanzarote . they were knocked unconscious after he attacked them outside their cabin .
Cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars . it is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients . dermatologists developed it for people with sensitive skin .
former model could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus . the 41-year-old refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt . she had downed a bottle of wine while her son was away on a trip . when officers finally managed to breathalyse her she was three times the limit .
five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs were brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . they were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water . all five illegal dogs - Dingo, Sheeba, Zula, Fenton and Mousey - were ordered to be destroyed . Darren Wheatcroft pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight between illegal pitbulls - while his son, Callan, and farmer Simon
in all 1,177 members of the notorious Barrio 18 gang were transferred . they will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang . and they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are .
'n', now 21, is a shadow of the bubbly, precocious teenager snared by the glam rocker . she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse . 'i have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep'
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated in 1999 . their father took them to be with their twin brother maarten and mother stayed with them in their native Netherlands . despite best efforts to track down their sister, it wasn't until they swiped 'right' on her profile photo that they were reunited .
the NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . this comes almost one year after he was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, north carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder . the decision to ban Hardy followed a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February .
parents should use 'carrot and stick' approach to get children to do things they don't want to do, says sir James Munby . he suggests confiscating mobiles, grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force' .
the long-awaited apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide . a survey of five tech experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch . they all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing . other key features are absent, including an independent internet connection (the watch relies on an iPhone for data), GPS and water-proofing .
pm said labour had left millions trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking the tories for failing the poor . added: 'true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance'
Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer . he invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation . both starrs and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin, 53, admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses .
in the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations . that compares to the 4,239 cancellations during the same period last year . low-cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays .
'greedy' cashier stole £15,000 from currency exchange Kanoo Travel . 22-year-old spent it staying in hotels and living 'opulent lifestyle', court heard . judge ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding: 'i hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28 . the three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Rev. Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church . carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot
married mother of three Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she allegedly slid off a rain-soaked road and careened into a tree . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions . 'she’ll just start walking and she’ll start screaming, "The van, the white van!"' said her father, Craig 
photographer's daughter was photographed standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi, japan, in July 2014 . father, who wished not to be named, said he had 'no idea' what the object could be . 'i just kind of obsess over that one photo for a couple of hours that evening and then tried to forget about it,' he said .
church treasurer accused of killing his wife of two years after their relationship collapsed . veered off the motorway on the way back from an unsuccessful 'make or break' trip . 51-year-old’s Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree . she was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after crash .
'skull' snack is two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide . he was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found it . floor-fitter has decided to keep it as it is more impressive than other examples .
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year . the two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room . 'he kissed me so passionately, I was taken aback. he said 'we don't have time to discuss this',' she said .
the Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million . the corporation also retreated yesterday, toning down its coverage .
the 34-year-old actor lost 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter Lou in 2014 thriller nightcrawler . he also had to put on 15lbs of muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope . according to his trainer, former professional boxer Terry Claybon, it took a huge amount of work to get the actor ripped for the shoot .
the DB4 was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 . it was delivered to the actor at a time when the average house price in the uk was just £2,500 . the car is expected to fetch £1million at auction at bonhams next month .
the spanish royal was joined by husband king Felipe, 47, at the Casa Real . she was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo . letizia was wearing a £49.99 mango jumpsuit that showed off her frame .
the James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble . it will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs . but the agency has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch .
baboucarr ceesay was among 900 migrants who drowned in boat disaster . talented footballer from the Gambia died trying to seek a new life in the uk . his aunt has demanded human traffickers be brought to justice . she said: 'his mother will never get his body back. she'll never ask him why'
jilted husband pounced on his estranged wife as she lay flowers at his grandmother's grave . he lunged at her, knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat . she struggled free momentarily before he jumped on her again, brandishing a knife . but he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened .
male competitors on the island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers thought was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile . but suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile . conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered .
fashion targets breast cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign . the charity was founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994 and aims to unite women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . this follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month and starred models Abbey Clancy, 29, and Alice Dellal, 27, singer Foxes, 25, and Victoria's Secret angel Lily Donaldson .
food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective lunches to work . easy-to-assemble options include cheese, crackers and charcuterie . if you're after something simple, cheese and crackers will do the job .
the men - all aged in their 50s and from the york area - were arrested this morning . the body of the missing chef, 35, has still not been found . officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts .
the dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III . it will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored . restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to former glory .
the unusual maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Trooper Abraham Martinez last year . the 10-year veteran trooper took chase when 25-year-old Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston in 2012 . but troopers followed him for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car . as the motorcyclist raised his hand and pulled over, Martinez suddenly leaped out at him, kicked him and knock
naatsit is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt . it is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection . seal fur provides less insulation than caribou fur to prevent the wearer from sweating and causing the material to freeze .
micheal John duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen Deborah Ayers, 33 . her body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre lakesland property near Picton, south west of Sydney . he told the court his former flame had a 'twisted desire to kill' and he had only dug the victim's grave .
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas . but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . television cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes . they were horrified to find the body of 97-year-old Robert Petitclerc wrapped in a plastic bag . the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress .
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family in her neighborhood . now the city of st. louis may tear down her home, and 49 others, to make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency . 'we celebrated everything in here, and there was always something going on,' she said .
former SS sergeant described how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp, the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder, related to a period between may and July 1944 when around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought . during that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed', he testified .
model and tv personality jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson . she followed her inspirational story of cancer survival and followed her blog . but she has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses . 'i am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' she said on the today show .
in January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' but today the watchdog will upgrade this to 'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report . the report rates the hospital as good in 18 out of 33 criteria .
a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs . over half, 54 per cent, also confessed that Lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves .
the Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene .
smoke billows from pilot's single-engine Edge 360 plane at old buckenham airfield . man in his 50s tragically died when plane crashed 50 metres from crowd . friend of pilot named locally as 'david Jenkins' said: 'he was the best bloke I knew'
beauty high's rolly Robinson, 17, transforms himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and a lip suction cup .
rep. steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his office in simi valley, california, last friday when he was accosted by activists . a man named 'mike' introduced himself as knight and began to shake his hand at length . during the encounter, 'you told me you didn't vote for amnesty and you did. I looked it up on the internet. you lied to me,' he tells the protester
former first minister mocked labour after it slapped down its Scottish leader . 'i knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already – because i'm writing the labour party budget,' he declared . joked that he would 'check his top pocket' – a reference to a conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket .
an eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough . according to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was 'too angry' to write it all down in one sitting . he also criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine . also suggests that the united states bomb
mother of duchess of cambridge emailed customers of party firm yesterday . re commends the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . the cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups . also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69 .
after appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, he pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed . this enabled Affleck to hide the identity of ancestor, named today by the sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in the 1840s . today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook .
flight 5622, operating as a united express, plunged nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, new york . the situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . when the plane landed, SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger . new information from medical personnel confirmed that 
announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments . the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for -thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9 . but the researchers involved said that their results revealed 'serious obstacles' in using the technique .
the mother of Odin Lloyd is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him . her lawyer said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify at the trial . 'i always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin,' she said .
the family of 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh has settled with a Georgia county after he was maimed and nearly killed when SWAT police tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib last spring . his family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million . while the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, the family's settlement does not preclude continued litigation .
Christopher Swain swam about an hour into the canal to urge its cleanup . the 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up . he gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from getting down his throat .
Across 10 constituencies, Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour . revelation came as Deputy prime minister admitted he had 'made some mistakes' but he insists he is confident he can get the campaign back on track .
the former tory party chairman said the pm had never had a 'proper job' he also criticised the pm's tactics in playing up the threat of a labour-snp government . the former airline pilot also suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour .
alleged victim was a pupil at top independent school in south west london . she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency . the charges have not yet been formally put and Chandler has not entered pleas .
images taken on frontline of fighting outside rebel-held city of aleppo . show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit being forced to knees before being shot . images released on same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life as happy and carefree .
police in Limington, Maine, were responding to reports that an apparently drunk woman was walking in and out of traffic on a road . when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail . once they learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol, they went to arrest her . at this point, she became violent, and attempted to head-butt a deputy before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions'
the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . agriculture minister: 'it's hard to prove that an animal suffers when a human . has sexual intercourse with it'
mandy o'riordan, 47, left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back . councillor became suspicious of her movements and placed GPS tracker on car . he soon discovered wife was having affair with married postman, Nick Gunn . the 41-year-old had affairs with women on his rounds, court heard .
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children . the move comes at the height of the police paedophile case against him . his duplex apartment was transferred free of charge to his daughters and son . revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the peer .
professional hand model Emily, 25, from Shropshire, earns £100 an hour . has appeared in adverts for Bosch and on the Disney channel . used to write beauty pages for a magazine but everyone would mention her hands .
nine-year-old was raped and murdered by migrant Zbigniew Huminsk on april 15 . her body was discovered in a camp in northern france last week . a national outpouring of grief has been sparked by the tragic killing . huge screens have been erected to show the ceremony .
prince alwaleed bin Talal reportedly promised to give 100 Bentleys to pilots . he made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted . bombing raids in the country have killed at least 944 people and wounded 3,480 .
woman, who did not want to be identified, escaped from the terror group . she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone . said fear of IS is making many join them - 'better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
one in five australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study . 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items they're too embarrassed to buy in stores . 3 per cent took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders when they arrived at home .
'i have to confess I do have a slight preference' for immigrants, he said . remarks come after he demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back . he also admitted he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of the campaign .
authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday . now, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in australia . the militant is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State .
paper filters are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee . but they can be used for a myriad of other household tasks, too . here, we've rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with them .
the jury spent only about an hour deliberating before convicting 66-year-old Susan Monica of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span . she was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years .
the actress, who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013, was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $3,000 (£2,000) now a Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test that detects the same gene mutations priced at just $249 (£167) it tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2, along with 17 other markers, all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer . the company behind the test, Color Gen
the 54-year-old doctor was at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 doctors sent a letter to Columbia University calling for his resignation . in a special episode of his daytime talk show, he addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence . 'this month, we celebrate my 1000th show,' he says in the preview .
the family of Stephanie Scott's accused murdered have offered their condolences ahead of her funeral on Wednesday . school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering the teacher on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland . a memorial service for the 26-year-old will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held . she is survived by her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley .
the pair were at advantage children's day nursery in surbiton, south west london . they were supposed to be highlighting plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children . but when they tried to put puzzle back together, they hit trouble .
waitress reveals how the prime minister repeatedly gave her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland . she recounted how he kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . but he defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is self-declared president of 'Liberland' located on the banks of the Danube . land was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s .
the comedian pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple, collapsing in a heap on the red carpet . the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in new york city .
a leading professor of psychiatry said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact . he suggested the success of so-called SSRI drugs – which include Prozac and Seroxat – was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’ . depression should be re-defined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder, argues one scientist .
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989 . gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural Shanxi province, central china . but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children .
'he may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says quentin letts of his six weeks' paternity leave . the prince, who has been excused from training with east Anglia air ambulance, will give birth to their next child in a few days .
a new york skin clinic's popular light and laser facial promises to tighten skin and improve complexion after just ten minutes . clients must sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes' and grant permission for their organs to be donated . the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings .
the 18-year-old underwent a risky operation to remove a brain tumour . he was told he had only weeks to live and only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the operation . his family are 'over the moon' that the operation was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be . strangers have donated more than $95,000 in just over a week .
George Nagobads, 93, was visiting his wife's grave at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis on Sunday when he was allegedly beaten by a snowbrush . he managed to get back in his car and drive away, but suffered a slight concussion and was kept overnight for observation . the doctor was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on Ice' team that won the improbable gold medal in 1980 .
the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator . it features three bedrooms, a pantry, full dining room, library and cinema . spa facilities include steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, two treatment beds and exercise room .
Colin Gilpatric, who has autism, wrote a letter to the Star Wars creator asking him to change the rule that bans the Knights from marrying . 'i don't like that a Jedi cannot get married. I want to get married without becoming a Sith,' he wrote . soon enough, a package from Lucasfilm arrived for Colin in the mail, and his mother was on hand to film him opening it up .
eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the decision not to prosecute Lord Janner over child abuse . they said director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders was 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling . at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 including ten in the past year .
labour leader insists he does not live in a 'mansion' despite admitting it is worth 'between £2m and £3m' claims he would have to pay £250 a month levy on homes worth more than £2m . comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens .
the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000 . 'this happened 2 weeks after Sofia underwent heart surgery to repair a defect that she was born with,' it read . the couple's mother posed as a nurse to back up their story .
despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen – that has cost him his chance at re-enlisting . while members of his unit - Camp Lejeune's 2nd Battalion, 8th Marines – are being deployed to Europe as part of a crisis-response force, he is being
a touching funeral service was held in central-west NSW on wednesday . hundreds gathered to pay their respects to the teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday . her fiance and partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, was among the mourners . 'she never cared what anyone thought of her,' said her sister, Kim .
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, turned herself in to the Lowndes County sheriff's office in Valdosta, georgia on Tuesday morning . she has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim . the career and technical instruction teacher resigned from the school as the investigation got underway .
chess prodigy drew a match with a grandmaster four times his age . after two hours of play, the grandmaster shrugged and offered a draw . 'you expect grandmasters to destroy people,' says his proud father .
swazi gold is grown in the tiny state of Swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana . farmers have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination, and can now yield double the crop they once could annually . it boasts a staggeringly high concentration of THC, the psychoactive agent which produces the high, which finds its way either to the streets of the UK or Johannesburg . 'we don't care where it ends up,'
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at hospital . the demonstrations were organised by members of the . Aam Aadmi political party, including chief minister arvind . Kejriwal .
police say a woman dressed professionally introduced herself to Samantha Fleming's boyfriend as a department of child services worker on a surprise visit . but investigators say the woman, Geraldine R. Jones, never worked for the child-welfare agency and that her visit was part of an elaborate scheme to take the 17-day-old baby and claim the girl as her own . why the young mother and her daughter, Serenity, left the apartment with her, and why she left her, were key questions in 
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store . he was caught after heading to a Tesco store following an argument . his own barrister told the judge the offence ‘beggars belief’ .
dress is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and flattering fit .
as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under this year . while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 . secretary of the immigration department michael pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the australian national university on Tuesday night .
12 cases resulted in pilots requesting a priority landing . one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency call . figures have re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe .
Marcus copeland, 44, splashed out almost £1million to build his dream home . he sourced specialist Scottish stone and installed eco-friendly technologies . the married father-of-two's dream had become a nightmare after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000 .
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg in 2013 . the tattoo became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk . she was rushed to hospital for emergency surgery and was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her design .
Marine le Pen, 46, was named one of the time 100 most influential people . she took over from her father, 86, in 2011 . leader of anti-immigration front spoke of representing a 'great political force'
the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise, according to beauty experts . 'it makes me crazy when people say you have to cut your hair short once you hit 50,' says model Twiggy .
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow . but can a woman with 34G curves ever look fab in a strapless gown?
fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops . after carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz . it went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a London dock, allowing people to get to other bessels . now volunteers are hoping to transport the boat
biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself . they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip . the findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process .
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a 'Dr Frankenstein' . he hopes to operate on a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease . could be jailed if he conducts operation in a country without approval . but critics say his plans are a fantasy .
the 27-year-old actress welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January . she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie, age of adaline . since welcoming her daughter, she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities .
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check . John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'. he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much .
laTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday . the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and police would not say how he died but did say that it was not a homicide . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
a group of female fans have dubbed themselves the 'Milifans' behind the #milifandom hashtag is @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby . the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their affection for the labour leader .
'the five historic mass extinctions eliminated 70 per cent or more of all species in a relatively short time. that is not going on now,' says author .
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead . 'i just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill .
american writer Scott Keyes, 28, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . he says credit cards are the best way to rack up frequent flyer miles . keyes says he ignores the 'get one mile for every dollar you spend' incentive .
in two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near blackfriars bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin . walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in .
pub landlord convicted of drink driving after claiming he was sleepwalking . the 36-year-old claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and then awoke beside his car . he had been involved in a car crash near his pub in Broadhempston, Devon .
twitter users edit Miliband's face on famous men's bodies to make him look cool . marlon brando, johnny depp and even tv's latest heart-throb have had makeovers . comes after he gained a reputation for appearing awkwardly in awkward pictures .
ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . the veteran reporter will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft . she revealed on twitter last October that she had cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy .
Elvis presley bought both planes in 1975 . they are to be moved from his estate to a nearby site . tourists will have to pay extra if they want to see the jets .
brachycephaly is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out . it is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their backs . as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment . instead, parents are advised to move children on to their stomachs during the day . mother-of-two set up a GoFundMe account and raised £2,000 in 24 hours .
the video was recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year . 'it's like the last piece of prohibition,' says Robert, 73, who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 .
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed his love rival to death at an east London cab office . he quoted verses from the qatar before stabbing Mohammed Afzal 20 times . the court heard that he had threatened to show pictures of her to her father . Nargis Riaz, 22, had been involved in a relationship with both men .
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on march 14 . in the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha professional police association, has been erected . it features a photograph of the officer who pulled the trigger and his dog . 'thank you for your support,' it reads . the police association claims that no offence was intended .
the five-star hotel in porto has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar . the hotel is dedicated to all things wine, but it's not just for enthusiasts . guests can take advantage of two other things that The Yeatman specialises in: relaxation and imaginative food .
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over . a firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge .
king goodwill zwelithini blamed for sparking xenophobic violence against foreigners . last month he said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave . he has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing .
the white house said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president . on the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet 
grey and white cat became stuck in a gap in between two garages in bristol . he was left hanging upside down for over two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out . firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free him .
paramedic was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh ambulance service . he was caught by a police camera doing 105mph in a 60mph zone on his motorbike . judge ordered an adjournment to take witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban . bosses discovered extent of his lies and opened a special misconduct hearing .
lea coligado, 21, created a blog to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women . the blog is based on the people-profiling website Humans of new york . many of the subjects featured on the blog talk on topics that many women in tech will have had to deal with .
major general Allen Batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy . batschelet warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . 'the obesity issue is the most troubling because the trend is going in the wrong direction,' he said .
the australian Vaccination-skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccinations to rape . the group posted an image to their facebook page on tuesday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture . a president of the group said the post had nothing to do with the group .
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital . she was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside house to relieve herself . on Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to shock of her brother .
study based on a study of about 95,000 young people . all those in the study had older siblings . some of the elder children had autism and some did not . researchers found vaccines had no effect on autism risk .
the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon . but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's . fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan .
hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend before embarking on a drinking session . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines . he was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar . father-of-four must now travel around on his bike, a court heard .
the agency's overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services . for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person . many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said .
gang of six men lured girls to parties organised on social media and began sexually abusing them . girls aged between 13 and 16 were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy' the offences happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, oxfordshire .
'if Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a texas cowgirl tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers tweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people . his office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible .
five nursing students died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia . the crash began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic . three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged . all five were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro .
Davion only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013 he stood before his church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker . 'when you were given a bad hand, you didn't accept it. you stood up and said, "I'm worthy. I want you to hear me,"'
in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom . the price? A mere £400 a month . but the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it . in an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the room that there is a leak .
judge said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment . he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority's claim that the poster could incite violence . but he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident .
motorists had to swerve out of the way of the 15-foot sinkhole on Earl Street . it appeared on the residential street in northampton at around 2pm on tuesday . hours earlier part of a road in london collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian .
two people taken to hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries . flight from Paris to newark made emergency landing at Logan airport . one passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow' another passenger said other passengers on board got sick during the turbulence .
each four seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats – the work of italian design Iacobucci .
the couple, who have six children, often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation, affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us . a five-star hotel on the waterfront of portomaso boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the Mediterranean, two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court with coaching classes available .
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground last week . his mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his testing . the condom was thrown in the thrash by a member of the teaching staff so could not be tested for potential diseases .
rare foreign policy speech will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the EU . he will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’ . and he pledges to embrace the EU in bid to secure reforms .
the long-awaited trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released on tuesday . the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day at cinemacon .
waitress, 26, had her ponytail pulled by the prime minister while she was at work . she said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware' . the anonymous waitress was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife . he defended his pranks as 'banter' and said he had already apologised .
a new ask reddit thread asked members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive . 'Don't call me an inspiration. be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university .
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness . she founded the Whole Pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded .
channel seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution . the 70-year-old was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern nsw . if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first crime, his victims could have been saved, the program claims .
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . he was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern utah .
woman, 20, flagged down a car belonging to Iranian Masood Mansouri . but instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged the 33-year-old drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her . she managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club . the next day she became so distressed she broke down and told her mother to make an appointment with her doctor
a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen, japan . he fights off a flock of crows but a pair of eagles turn up to challenge him . the fox loses the fight and lands on his head, losing the dispute over the bone .
police say the key to tracking down the suspect, 36-year-old Michael David Ikeler, was a tip from a neighbor who saw it on the news . he had been altering the appearance of his car, which fit the description of the kidnapper . the little girl, who has not been identified, was found naked and naked in a parking lot at Jim's Burgers, 13 miles away .
taxes will be £12billion a year higher under labour than the tories, experts say . institute for fiscal studies said 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020 . this would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power .
the 28-year-old fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding . her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . ironically, the accident when she was preparing for the day . the family are planning another party in summer to celebrate without her cast .
the band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians . the band appealed and said the name was a healthy reappropriation of a term usually considered a slur .
fiance of Sienna Miller could be set to overtake him in the fame stakes . the 29-year-old is set to star in the west end play American Buffalo . he is also set to release a film with Ryan Gosling later this year .
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' donuts in Maryland . he faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest . patrons called police on April 12 shortly after discovering no workers at the fast-food chain .
a young woman found a mildly venomous brown tree snake in her shopping trolley . she pushed the trolley up an escalator before realising it was hitching a ride . snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the snake .
channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask the actor about his drug-taking past . he said: 'i'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the room . the actor is in the uk to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron .
Ashton Taylor, 21, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in 2013 . she has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms and has been in and out of hospital . the student has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson over her false cancer survival story . 'i don't think she'll ever redeem herself. a simple sorry will not cut it,' she said .
'Dusty' has convinced himself that he is a dog, and spends his days with the couple and their dogs on their farm in Esperance, western australia . the kangaroo sleeps with the dogs, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even sneaks dog treats when he can . 'he's either eating or sleeping. he comes up and wants a pat and a scratch,' says the couple .
high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s is bidding for Unesco world heritage status . officials say the mass-market resort is applying in order to reinvent its own image . a decision over the application could take up to six years to be made .
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to silence screams . she also poured water over dementia patient, telling other staff: 'my son said if they do it, you can do it to them' she was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial .
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London . she said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were 'sticking their noses up' the university lecturer actively campaigned against the war, boasting about the fact on a page of pledges on her website .
the blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm . only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected .
experts say out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly . this means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters . experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies .
pair tricked 80-year-old into handing over his bank cards and PIN . they convinced vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled . but less than two hours later, they were filmed laughing and joking as they stole £150 .
6ft 5in, 330lb football player sent application to taxi app yesterday . he said 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash' pro footballer also took to twitter to explain decision .
images show militants casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles . released as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country .
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey . he and his second wife fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts . but his beautician ex-wife has now appeared back in court, seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash .
police officer Michael Rapiejko rammed his car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia in the town of marana, ariz., on february 19 . he told investigators it was either 'shoot him to stop the threat or I need to run him over' . the incident sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling him as a hero .
keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old female, Irisa, had bred before but never conceived . but this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . while the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, she failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator . video footage shows the newborn siblings writhing around and napping .
a new poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy . part of it will involve the bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of his wife ran the agency .
Brendan Cordina's grandfather died when he was just 12-years-old . he resigned himself to the fact that his beloved medals were gone forever . the 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to find them . but on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, he received a rejection letter saying they 'were more important to the museum' .
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old . she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in the beston area of Leeds . she will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams . police are treating the crime as a rape and attempted murder .
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain . she struggled to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations . surgeons operated to extract what they believed to be a tumour . but they were shocked to discover the growth was an embryonic twin . teratomas contain hair, teeth, bone and rarely more complex organs . miss Karanam launched her own search for answers online . it led her to the Skullbase Institute who operated on her .
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on tuesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution . on April 22, 2015, reversed the sole conviction against baseball slugger Barry Bonds and said he could not be tried again .
federal court rules against rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella re-entering australia . 61-year-old's visa was cancelled while he was overseas in his native malta . the ruling strands him in Malta, leaving 24 close family members . police say he is a God-fearing, law-abiding family man who just likes riding motorcycles .
the service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones . the basic phone service will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate . each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month .
the alarm failed at the former president's home in september 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed . it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' the request was denied for an unknown reason . despite the apparently relaxed security measures, there were no breaches at the property .
three men in their 50s have been arrested on suspicion of murdering miss Lawrence . they were questioned over night by police investigating her disappearance . miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18, 2009 . detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in connection with her murder .
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) it claims that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors . if not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends .
3.8million crimes recorded by police last year, an increase of 2% from 2013 . a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged - up by a third . experts say rise was partly due to high profile historic cases like Jimmy Savile .
the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . the pilot was 'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment . he then commenced his pre-landing checks and verbalised 'undercarriage down', but made a decision to 'leave this particular action until later
marissa Holcomb was fired from her job at the fried chicken chain in channelview, texas, after an armed robber made off with $400 from her till . the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 and refused to pay back the cash . her bosses said it was against their policy to have so much cash in the till at one time . now they have offered her $2,000 in back pay, but she is unsure whether to take it back .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days . she already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole . parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of the best tips . they include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people .
memorial site urges potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time . more than 250,000 visitors so far this year, a rise of more than 40% . visitors are now advised to book ahead to avoid congestion inside the former concentration camp .
the 23-year-old was suffering from a suspected concussion when he was assaulted . he shoved emergency worker as she tried to treat his head injury . emergency crews even called his friends and family in an attempt to calm him down . but on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked her by knocking her over .
carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book . she says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw the prince playing strip billiards . the dominatrix has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show . in the book, she describes how 'adorably cute his naked a** was'
chairman defends bank's decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses . group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million after opting to accept a £1.1million bonus .
more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth Blanks . the 31-year-old was attacked as he walked home after buying a chocolate bar . he was taunted by a group before snatching a hat from his head . when he tried to retrieve the garment, one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times .
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday . his best friend Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest . after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st, he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch where he was scouted by top agency, Models 1 .
flight company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world . find out the real stories behind each and every one to produce handy infographic . Las Vegas is often referred to as 'Sin City' for its gambling and temptation . but the nickname actually came about before the city was built .
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . company behind it thinks it could become a vital tool in aircraft safety .
the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday . the loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer . but families no longer want to do a big, weekly shop in a soul-less hypermarket .
wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning . the 36-year-old was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury . his wife Lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police .
sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group's de facto capital Raqqa . leaflet threatens both buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment . news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross .
the four friends were on their way to see les misérables on Broadway . they rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . the homeless man was viciously beating another rider . three of the friends tended to the attacker and held him for police .
spanish lawyer says she has been 'religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years . but she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with . comes after he warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' which is losing all grip on the party .
the former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound . resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of meal out . it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go further .
the video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25 . he then shoots him dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does . the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost . it was recovered but the audio from the bodycam was not .
the Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District by James Rebanks . he studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district .
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns claim to have been sexually assaulted by comedian bill cosby . their attorney said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour . he has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
'if this problem could exist in Missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does,' said author . missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town, a doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond .
'what the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent,' said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair . the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected . 'having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for president of the united states,' wrote a retired neurosurgeon .
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP' after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . doctors desperately tried to stabilise her but she died just three hours later . her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online, saying her daughter never intended to take her own life .
the Bike Washing Machine contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . when ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . a generator attached to the pedals also creates electricity which can be stored for later use . students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine .
on April 7, Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in new york searched his sneakers . when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine . this is the second time a person flying from guyana was nabbed at jfk for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs .
the calf is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born . he opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders . in india's Hindu culture, cows are revered as a symbol of life .
for americans, the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get . for non-americans, it is a respected power symbol but not one to be especially loved .
mother-of-one aimee craven, 32, spotted £20 clothes horse on train last week . she thought it had been left by its owner and took it home in a police van . but police tracked her down and took her off the train in brough, east yorkshire . miss Craven is waiting to see if she will be charged, but is likely to receive a caution for theft .
parades and Morris men were seen across the country today . spectators draped in flags cheered on as they marched through city centre . it comes after a week of unusually warm weather that is set to end tomorrow .
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year . a psychologist's report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters . the judge ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it .
all three main parties' education spokesmen said they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . tristram Hunt, labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’ . also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector .
photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last September . each time the family visits, she puts on a new princess bought by her mother . 'it's become kind of an addiction. since we live so close, we base our visits off one or two outfits,' she said .
the party announced today that it would make it a bank holiday in england . economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions at the policy launch . he said: 'i guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is in short supply for the needs of the British economy, we will leave to our migration commission'
body of 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State beach last week . beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale . it doesn't appear to have broken bones or show signs of blunt force trauma . results of autopsy are pending .
two moving candle-lit vigils held to remember 900 migrants who died this weekend . rickety wooden boat ran aground on Greek island of Rhodes on sunday . three other people - including a tiny child - also died in tragedy on the waters . migrants escaping war-torn country of Libya have continued since tragedy . but only 5,000 who survive journey will be granted safe haven in europe . emergency meeting of leaders in brussels today will announce .
the gang used the drill to cut through the wall of the secured vault . they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems . police are offering a £20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid .
two former police officials who quit their jobs in Parma, Missouri, have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down . a black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey, mailonline reported earlier this week . two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's ex-assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News . byrd
images released at request of some of the victims' families . officers previously unable to identify the individuals in the images . they are part of an ongoing inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster .
mother-of-six, 32, piled on the pounds thanks to a boozy lifestyle . a stranger on a bus pointed at her and said: 'has she got a baby in her belly?' remark left her mortified but inspired her to shed the pounds . joined fitness and self-defense classes and lost over 7st .
billionaire philanthropist says demand for meat can be met with 'moderation and innovation' he says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers to become vegetarian .
made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag embellished with rubies . exclusive tote can't even be brought in store and experts say it's an excellent investment .
the european parliament is set to vote to close the loophole next week . current alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value on labels . but winemakers argue introducing nutritional labelling would lead to a rise in production costs and hit smaller vineyards .
the telephone operator who inspired millions passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness, her family said . she became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman rockwell's iconic painting .
sunderland man, 26, flew to Cyprus to start new job as IT project manager . but he returned with stun gun disguised as a torch, baton and knuckle duster . he pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons . was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years .
prime minister was repeatedly interrupted while answering questions on radio 1 . host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority . listeners on twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility' and 'appalling'
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January . another January drone strike killed an american hostage and an italian hostage . his father, a musician in the 1970s, changed his name from pearlman to 'gadhn' in the 1990s, he converted to Islam at age 17 .
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if a labour government is left at the mercy of the snp . launching the SNP manifesto, Nicola Sturgeon named her price for supporting labour in any post-election deal . she unveiled a £140billion 'ransom note' for dragging labour to the left, including an end to austerity and rising benefits payments .
Indonesia's head of general crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including australians Chan and Sukumaran on Thursday . the australian embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday . a lawyer for a Nigerian man scheduled for execution with Chan and sukumaran says the embassy received a letter asking it to go to Cilacap on Saturday .
senator's eldest son was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence . but 22-year-old William Hilton Paul was not arrested . he was treated at the university of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries .
study by academics at Lancashire's edge hill university and the university of south australia charted a direct link between anxiety and performance . researcher: 'high degree of worry over one’s performance has a detrimental effect on GCSE results'
american sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours on 7 may . specially-produced advert will be played on the channel featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air . the advert will ask viewers: 'how many times have you missed life-changing events because you wanted to watch your favourite show'
GP, Dr arfon Williams, is the only doctor available across two rural practices . his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march . he fears areas such as the lln peninsula in north Wales will become 'no-go' areas .
two men were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State . it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia . the new deal was initiated to close the Turkish border to radicalised australians and have them sent back to face possible jail terms .
many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid . yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients . union officials say fire engines are routinely being turned into ambulances .
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle . mother bought bottle for granddaughter's 18th birthday and poured glass . despite bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach .
the unidentified man is seen carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings . a flat tyre at the rear indicates the driver was probably carrying it to the garage . traffic authorities in eastern china said they were shocked when spotting the scene on CCTV footage .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into air . ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles from source of eruption . residents suffering severe breathing problems and flights being grounded . another unexpected eruption in los Lagos Region today heightened fears of contamination .
footage shows aeroplane approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark . landing gear has not been deployed and plane touches down on its belly . plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground from the impact . video maker says that more than likely, the pilot will crash .
organic farmers must first use 'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution', before . British and Norwegian vets have called the directives 'scientifically illiterate', saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to 'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
study claims these 'taxibots' could cut number of cars needed to perform same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent . finding comes amid reports that companies such as google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis .
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades . an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . but analysts are bewildered that it's taken so long for action to be taken . he was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange (cme)
the ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win . Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana . he was arrested in march the day before the finale of an HBO docu-series about him .
the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her sister, 31-year-old Pippa . nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is already in charge of the nursery . the pair are also best friends and spend as much time together as possible .
scientists at the university of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that bikram yoga can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . a typical 90-minute session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity . participants swallowed a core body temperature sensor and were given a heart-rate monitor to wear during the class .
the prime minister travelled for eight hours from paddington station to penzance . he wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes . but he did not appear to have enjoyed a good night's sleep on the train .
£85 fine was enforceable because it was not 'excessively high' motoring groups accuse judges of being 'out of touch' with the case .
a staff member in rep. Mike Doyle's office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday .
'series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials . designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . firm currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM, Thomas Cook and Spirit .
the mother of Nicholas Figueroa, a 23-year-old male model who died in a gas explosion on new york's 2nd avenue last month, has spoken out . she said that though she cries every night, those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her . 'Nobody's spoken to me, no one has called to give condolences,' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up at the site of the disaster that killed two
astronomers say bright light in sky may have been falling meteor 2,000 years ago . triggered the conversion of the biblical apostle to Christianity . described as a vision that led to a divine voice and light in the sky . but they say descriptions match accounts of a fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in 2013 .
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain . he said: 'i am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private' under labour, for years, 90% of job growth was taken up by foreign workers .
the 23-year-old founder of the Whole Pantry app admitted that her terminal brain cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the australian women's weekly . leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . 'none of it's true,' says Lamble, who has not treated Gibson personally .
matt Dunford, 30, bombarded model Amanda Branco with 50 messages a day . he tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down . when she refused to pay bodybuilder, he mocked-up an escort website profile . the model claims he spends £100,000-a-year on his looks and is now a stripper .
theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, new york, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket . her friend who gave it to her, however, has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family .
image shows a stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 . it is located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation carina . in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . the image was taken to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Hubble space telescope .
fish and chips have become a British institution and a national money-spinner . but it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly belgian . in 1860, on the streets of the east end of london, a Jewish boy had the bright idea of combining fried fish with chips .
amelia was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father 'boys don't fancy fat girls' she put on more than three stone in her first few months of university . despite saving for her course in business and enterprise, she was forced to get a part-time job to fund her eating habits . by her third year of university, despite trying Weight Watchers, Slim Fast and Body By Vi diets, she had failed to fight the flab .
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden trust . she spent it on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her wedding . but she and partner, ringleader, were caught and both jailed last summer . today, judge ordered her to repay £28,737 within six months or 18 months .
number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . from a low of seven in 2004, figure has been rising for the past decade . theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a researcher in theology . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
at least 1,400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 . police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence . a host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse children .
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris . he claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2 . since the incident there have been allegations that Bates was not properly trained . it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances . ten per cent understated their salary, four per cent overstated it .
incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday . photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower . annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in northern hemisphere .
candlestick park, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center . the iconic sports field, which has been home to first the San Francisco Giants and later the san francisco 49ers, was completed in 1971 . in their 43 seasons at candlestick, no player was bigger to the organization than Joe Montana, who would ultimately lead the team to four Super Bowl victories . it did get to host eight NFC championship games .
one direction member appears to be poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper . the image was taken on . Wednesday amid 48 hours during which he has been seen partying hard . that same day he was photographed returning to his . hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water .
the meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, has been observed for the past 2,700 years . it peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . and the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors .
male teacher was teaching fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque . he made the chilling remark around a week ago . some students were so distressed by what they heard, they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher . mother margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said: 'the minute that allegation was made by these kids I would have done something about it'
care staff are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses . these include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine . worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison .
layka, a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois, was on her eighth overseas military tour with US Army Staf Sgt. Julian McDonald in 2012 . she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47 . her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them . so endebted to her for the selfless bravery she showed in combat, sgt
'when a compliment suggesting I might be, in some way "attractive," I’ll take it, with delight,' she wrote in an open letter to critics . 'never mind the fact that i work damned hard,' laing wrote in the letter .
psychologist Ramani Durvasula says that assembling furniture at IKEA can be a serious source of friction between a couple . 'the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' she said . she revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling .
lawyers for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday . attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early march that the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson . the statement did not mention Brown, and a spokesman for the law firm said he could not provide any additional information about the lawsuit .
'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry' administrator is a former lib-dem member . he is one of the top administrators for the website in the uk . has been a volunteer since 2004 and joined in 2007 .
Janet and John Brennan bought the castle in 1997 for just £65,000 . it is thought to have been used by the leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation as a hiding place . but it is now on the market for offers over £695,000 - even though they will incur a six-figure sum . the couple insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world . one image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the free Syrian army standing with their weapons . another shows female north Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of the Yalu river, near the border with china . the images include a shot of US Army soldier SSG Norma Gonzales waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in Kan
female elephant became stuck in muddy quagmire in southern china . locals came across her lying on her side in a state of desperation . more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed up to rescue the animal . the wild Asian elephant died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion .
multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the tories £375,000 since 2008 . revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over links to millionaire donors . he is the chief executive of maintenance firm homeserve . firm handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics .
willa Junior, a baggage handler at Seattle-Tacoma airport, fell asleep while loading a plane on April 13 . he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds . the airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook, won't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane .
security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's fingerprints . the flaw is in older versions of the android operating system . it means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner . when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the phone . hackers typically can't access this encrypted file, but they can collect scans from the sensor before it becomes encrypted .
Bruce Cook, 59, put up his 'realistic' sculpture on Good Friday . it depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . but he has refused to take it down and told the copper to 'p*ss off' . police have warned that he could face serious charges if he doesn't .
Ilha de Mana is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell . it has a solar-powered main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water . four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom, and access to a communal lounge, bar and wooden terrace . a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock are also on offer .
jade and Aaron Badland asked an Asian family if they had Ebola . they assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker, calling her a 'bloody foreigner' the couple were staying at the premier inn at Stansted airport . both were ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .
heroin dealer Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the class A drug to police . detective recognised him because he has initials 'P' and 'R' tattooed on forehead . he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
researchers at the university of bath and Yale university created the invention . it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser . the catalyst is more efficient at performing the crucial oxidation half of the reaction than any other existing material . this means it could be possible to make hydrogen more easily .
the body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday night . her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road in the NSW Hunter Region . after two days without power and limited food supplies, she insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town . around ten people immediately ran into the water, with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy water .
the prime minister toured pirate FM during a visit to the south west . he was presented with a cornish t-shirt emblazoned 'if you can smell my pasty, you're too close' . it happened as he laid out his 'plan for Cornwall' ahead of a speech .
samaritans pictured tending to wounded at 1989 Hillsborough disaster . police say appeal is necessary as they may be able to answer questions of victims' families . 96 people died after fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed .
union barons gave more than £700,000 to labour in second week of campaign . overall, labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12 . more than twice as much as the conservative party which received just £492,512 . most of the tories' cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000 .
the model, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates . she goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot . eats a combination of one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach . for lunch she has grilled chicken, grilled vegetables and quinoa .
husband was traumatised by his wife's botched hysterectomy in 2008 . he claimed he suffered psychiatric injury after seeing her swell up 'like a Michelin man' he was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock . the case could have huge financial consequences for the health trust .
'using me as the personification of a heartless administration, the rolling stone article attacked my life's work,' dean Nicole P. Eramo wrote in an open letter to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner . the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert . her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 recipes . all-natural ingredients include apple cider vinegar and sesame oil .
Viviana Keith, 27, was arrested at a strip mall in red rock, texas, on tuesday . officer, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails . when he arrived, he contained her and began handcuffing her . he claims she started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down . but video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a
a Reuters investigation that revealed the bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce it would refile more than five years of tax documents . the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the state department during Hillary's tenure . in one instance, Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a speech in
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, went into remission around same time . took to social media to post images of themselves - but they were reported . included one of miss Williams’s bald head and another of her chest scar . miss Williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month . she regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy .
predatory convicted paedophile, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday . he was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, near hook, hants . described as 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build, and has dark hair . officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving hospital .
australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world . asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately . pm says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe .
bahar mustafa banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting . the 27-year-old said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses . she said: 'don't worry lads we will give you and allies things to do'
actress had oophorectomy in march after being diagnosed with breast cancer . two years before, she had double mastectomy as she carries a mutated variant of the gene known as the BRCA1 gene . if diagnosed, they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours . the 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4% .
the president opened his speech by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion,' referring to an investigation . but then came the zinger: 'with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat' he was flanked by head coach bill belichick and billionaire Patriots owner Bob Kraft .
the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the US . when a user receives a call, Hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if their number isn’t saved in their contacts book . users will only see information that people have already shared on facebook .
the $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million . the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . it would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation .
a scientist from the university of london says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . they lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago and used them for food . it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today . a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western Europe 1.4million years ago .
photographer wanted to highlight importance of living 'side-by-side' with bears . but in one picture, a model was seen wearing a fur coat despite anti-hunting message . photographer said: 'it is about showing a traditional friendship - just like between two human friends'
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais, the son of his girlfriend Jessica Langlais . Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy . the couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall, when Langlais started dating . they reported his injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February . a little over a month
the London mayor has long been tipped as a future leader of the party . he said last month he would serve a 'full second term' until 2020 . but he insisted he thinks it is 'highly unlikely' to be considered for the post .
the initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale . the team hopes to understand an alien planet's biology interacts with the atmosphere, geology, oceans, and interior of a planet . it is also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds .
travel by private jet is a growing trend, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe . the busiest weekends occur during huge sporting events, with the super bowl and the Monaco grand prix the priciest times of year to fly . from new york to Glendale for the Super Bowl at around $38,000 (£25,322) on a medium jet and $54,000 (£35,983) for a round-trip .
the baby elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old . at a whopping 200lbs, Canadian tourist Charlene Fritz struggled to sit upright . she said: 'the seal climbed on top of me without hesitation'
claims made in new book by former royal correspondent Ana Romero . claims former King Juan Carlos II had a decade-long affair with a german socialite . royal couple were at university of alcala de henares to present Cervantes prize .
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009 . the international designer is hoping for a cool $6 million when the lavishly renovated house sells . she purchased a lavish $6.5 million Watsons Bay property just last month with husband Bradley .
woman forced elderly man to kneel after he knocked her phone out of her hand . video filmed at an undisclosed location in china has since gone viral . after being told he does not have the money to pay her back, she slaps him twice .
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am . students who were with him said strong currents pulled him out to see and his body was later found on Monday morning . but university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved .
unite boss len McCluskey boasted that trade unions 'own' the party . he said: 'the labour party is our party. we built it, to serve us' the former first minister is running as an SNP candidate . the intervention is another humiliation for Ed Miliband .
the 8,147 square foot mansion boasts a view of the river avon, backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral . built around 1720, it was named after Isaac Walton, son of the writer who wrote the Compleat Angler . it was also home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years .
the institute for fiscal studies analysed the policies of all the main parties . it found voters are still 'in the dark' about how they will tackle the debts . tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan . while labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year .
the pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month . customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . this code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically .
the 65-year-old former decathlete greets Diane Sawyer at his home . 'it's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it,' he says .
only three of the 3,700 women who served at the death camps have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . 'merciless' women who traded femininity, motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler's Third Reich include Charlotte S .
the Variety Theater in Cleveland, ohio, was once the edgiest place in town . but it was shut down after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig in 1984 . two years later a judge ordered the venue to be sealed off for good .
Nicola Sturgeon hits out at people questioning why she doesn't have children . claims she would never be asked if she was a man . insisted she was not 'moaning' but attacked criticism over appearance . made remarks in latest of five special programmes profiling party leaders .
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his car outside the dealership in Chelmsford, Essex . he claims that the car uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . the angry driver says he parked it there as a warning to other buyers . Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines .
the 36-year-old is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausoni party . she is hoping to represent Caldoro in southern Italy after regional elections . pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral on social media . but she denies using her looks to get votes and insists she was born beautiful .
a new website has exposed that australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods . GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine separate products that have identical female versions . this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men . the exact same shirt under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95 .
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at the hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday . a guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises . when he tried to stop him, he became belligerent, began shouting and refused to cooperate . police removed Wood from the premises after he refused to stay in his room .
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months . for every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes . she is now a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight .
Omar Hussain, 27, posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani . last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing . in his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post' he warns would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who spend too much time online .
the 30-year-old was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland . but one wrong move sent him tumbling 10 metres down the icy ridge . footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . he holds his nerve and even continued his ascent to the top .
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his car . while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest . he spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home . she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the vehicle . when she pulled up at the home, she heard her husband call out 'help me love' .
the wife of paedophile and former Bega cheese CEO has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls . the father of one of van Ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard . he has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . his wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order .
foreskin facials, also known as HydraFacials, cost around $150 (£100) it uses stem cell from an infant's fore skin and is currently available in new york . one writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits as being at 'Beyonce levels' .
schoolboy suffers from the rare condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria . it means he suffers terrible sunburn when exposed to direct sunlight . he has to wear a long-sleeved shirt, trousers, and gloves in all weather . when strangers shouted abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured', he refused to wear it any more .
the 29-year-old editor of popular style website who what wear has opened up about her battle with body image . in a new article published on her website, she reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin .
a 'happy tummy brew' contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby . the original recipe contained more than 10 times maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies . a spokeswoman for the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies 'seriously harm babies' .
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’ . she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a 'regular' girl by altering her appearance .
excavation of cave in the foothills of the Pyrenees suggests Neanderthals lived alongside predators 200,000 years ago . bones of cave bears, hyenas, leopards and wolves were found in the cave . scratches on walls and signs of hibernation nests suggest they were also living there . researchers hope the discoveries will help them learn more about their behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with .
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, travels the world reviewing hotels, pools and room service . she has more than 12,000 followers and has turned her social media success into a business . the Melbourne-based photographer also works with companies selling travel products .
exclusive poll by ComRes for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows that David Cameron’s party, on 36 per cent of the vote, has moved ahead in the last fortnight . labour is on 32 per cent, the liberal democrats on ten per cent and the lib dems on eight per cent . one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back .
France recently passed a law banning models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is too low . the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fine of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models . former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, new york, has revealed in an op-ed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations . 'they gave us Spanx underwear to stuff with weighted s
photographer's images show the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the deadly disease as it tore through west africa . the images were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated . other projects submitted for consideration included children playing football in one of Argentina's most dangerous slums .
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty . footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on Rottnest island on April 3 . they were ordered to pay $4000 and were told they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime .
officers seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal . incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth .
petraeus avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, north Carolina on Thursday . he was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 . his career was destroyed when the affair with Paula Broadwell emerged in 2012 .
out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in the toilets . another in hengrove Leisure park, . Bristol, had traces . of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug that is . smoked . public health figures show 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for drug abuse in the last year .
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy . a man's chin covered by a thick mat of hair makes him look like a sixties folk singer . women whose faces look suspiciously taut have had a face-lift .
mother-of-one has amassed twice the wealth of her nearest competitors . she has released no new music in the last four years . the 26-year-old has also sung the theme song for the last James Bond instalment .
66-year-old escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009 . when the sheriff showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' he was in a hospital bed. he broke down in tears . a woman who had been living with Moore had no idea of his past .
the shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs . they show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . executioners hugged the blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven . then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon .
teenager remanded in custody after appearing in court today . he was charged with inciting terror overseas during anzac day ceremony . the 14-year-old is thought to be the youngest person charged with terror offences in the uk . also alleged to have encouraged an 18 year-old to carry out another decapitation .
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show on Wednesday evening, and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . after Fallon said he 'looked great,' he asked him; 'if I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' . the ice cream, The Tonight Dough, was named after the show by Ben & Jerry's, and includes caramel and chocolate icecreams with chocolate cookie swirls and gobs of chocolate chip
gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit in handsworth, birmingham . but it has not been working for more than two years after every fixed device was switched off in the region .
at 47st (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to care for herself . shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own . despite the surgery, she now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) thanks to surgery .
curtis stone’s image has always been of the affable Aussie who loves to cook, but when it comes to his kids there’s some food that he just won't allow them to eat no matter what . the celebrity chef, who lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson aged three and seven-month-old Emerson, is not about to let junk food pass their mouths . ‘my kid has never eaten a hot dog because it's full of 
one in seven americans will be an immigrant by 2023 . that number could rise to one in five by 2060 . immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population . it will reach 15.8% of the nation's population by 2030 .
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . on each ‘Ultimate Safari’, guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary . accommodation ranges from pure luxury such as Shangri-La Rasa Ria, a large resort with its own orang-utan sanctuary .
jamelia enraged twitter users by saying 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be facilitated . the panellist said that obese women 'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size . now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments .
scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres - an enormous amount of energy . method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds in detail .
prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in the uk . but now it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn . last year sales overtook those of champagne for the first time .
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic . he assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013 . the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month . earlier complaint about the nurse was made to hospital bosses .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . technique is called high resolution melt curve analysis - or HRMA . it subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature . the more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them .
the fire started by a candle in Carl Bradey's Palmerston North rental property last month . the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend . he suffered nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm .
former sheriff's deputy Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele . defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . during Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with
sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, arrested after allegedly murdering 33-year-old mother . he was 'preparing to storm churches with weapons including assault rifles' he 'shot himself in leg' after killing aurelie chaptelain, a fitness instructor . three al qaeda and islamist militants killed 17 people in french capital in January .
director of public prosecutions says she is 'not afraid' of legal challenge . insists 'making the right decision is not a resigning issue' critics have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in justice system .
charities' errors generally took the form of under- or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue . the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns .
volcano in southern Chile erupted at around 6pm local time, forcing 1,500 residents from nearby town of Ensenada to flee their homes . the eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere, visible from up to 100 miles away . volcano is among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes, and was not under any special observation .
anika Stanford is the mother of accused killer Vincent Stanford . she is helping detectives investigate the death of Stephanie Scott . the beloved teacher was buried in an emotional funeral on wednesday . ms Stanford was taken back to the home she shares with her son and brother .
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home . she had dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to consent . he argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact . the farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out at the courtroom . had he been found guilty he could have faced up to 10 years in prison .
this year's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong . it will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' it will take place coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts . live music will be played by the Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra .
man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas . earthquakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .
Deputy finance minister says country has been 'running on empty' since february . he said it was about €350-400m short of funds needed to pay salaries and pensions . but two hours later he found the money from social security funds and state corporations not listed on stock exchange .
Jake Malone, 60, flew more than 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen . he met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago . she contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit . but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years .
fiona 'kitty' Carroll was at the Kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat . when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl . authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of the pier .
ten barrels of beer will be made from waste collected by sewage treatment firm . it will be handed over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple . sewage will pose 'very low human health risk' and be treated to 'high standards'
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from podium after complaining of pins and needles . 28-year-old approached presenter, taking off glasses, before collapsing . he was escorted out of building leaving other candidates to take part . ambulance was called by cancelled while programme was delayed for nine minutes .
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom . she told investigators that Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered .
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in south russia . he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and fake Reebok top . but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security . when police arrived they quickly discovered the 22-year-old’s selfie .
Koby's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed . he was playing a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’ . teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned .
the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million . the most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch, which was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain to his wife, the Archduchess Maria Christina of Austria in November 1879 .
Deborah Kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 . she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection . to celebrate her recovery, she held an aptly named 'Eye Ball' and named each table after a part of the eye .
top gear executive producer resigns after 'fracas' with producer . he is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . there is widespread speculation they are working on new motoring series . it would be a nightmare scenario for the bbc if they aired it on rival channels .
virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landmarks . the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris is incredibly bare and dark, with 336 lamps illuminating it at night .
all land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009 . researchers estimated that land achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years . land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre .
two ambulances sent to rescue after caller told crews 'someone' had been knocked down by a car in epping forest, essex . but moments later the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over in the area . east of england ambulance service revealed bizarre call outs as part of a list of 1,248 .
alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
Lyvette Crespo, 43, pleaded not guilty to voluntary manslaughter . she allegedly shot her husband, bell gardens, mayor Daniel crespo, three times in the chest on september 30 . the killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims . her brother, William, says his ex-sister-in-law's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood .
mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias . he is claimed to have asked her: 'do you see me as a man or a surgeon?' he then allegedly massaged her neck and touched her breasts, a tribunal heard . she was treated for acid attack victim Katie Piper at his surgery .
the first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote . she is expected to take over as head of the justice department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder . the white house said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today .
the celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics . the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery . four who signed the letter, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health .
ex-husband slammed murder trial as 'cruelest thing he's ever witnessed' he insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and maintains she was a good mother . she systematically drowned Noah, 7, John, 5, Paul, 3, Luke 2 and Mary, 6 months, in their home in June 2001 .
'the cardinal's faith was simple, direct, without pretense or embarrassment,' said Seattle archbishop J. Peter Sartain . 'he was so utterly a Christian that no circumstance seemed inappropriate for him to give witness to Christ,' he said .
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in 1677 . he took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and did not bathe for six days . on the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice .
the classic, traditional recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . well-known food authors contributed their spin on the classic recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw one .
cardboard signs have appeared in the affluent village of Milford, near Godalming . one read: 'please forgive what I said please' another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'
prime minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for england . english, Welsh and northern irish MPs will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland . plan is likely to trigger a row with labour, which opposes the idea of an english veto .
Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 ran into a huge problem on monday when a dozen Native American extras stormed off the set . they were offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture . the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in new mexico, walked off . 'we were supposed to be Apache, but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all. we looked more like Comanche,' said one
the parents of 8-year-old Brock Guzman who was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway on monday morning are now filing a formal complaint against police . this after his wife, Suzanne, refused to let the officers into their home, something he claims she was doing for their own safety . 'we were treated like criminals,' said the father of the boy, who was found in the car two miles away .
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam said 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame' but senior conservative minister has defended government's role in overthrow . about 800 people are believed to have died when boat overturned off Libyan waters .
a new book claims that the ex-king of spain was having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign . the bombshell allegation is that he was romancing corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein and was so smitten with her he even contemplated divorcing his wife, Sofia . final de partida – or End Game – by Ana Romero sold out within 24 hours .
first class constable Daniel Jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend . channel 7 news reporter monique Dirksz got the scoop when she was the only journalist outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 . the 29-year-old has been stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 .
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president Ronald Reagan in 1981 . he currently splits his time between the hospital and his mother's home in Williamsburg, virginia .
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt .
the £80,000 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in a suburban street in Nottingham . both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road . one witness said: 'the bloke looked absolutely distraught. it was obviously his pride and joy'
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea . he was 30 years old at the time and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 . the parole board cited his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in march last year .
SS Sgt. Oskar Groening told the court on the third day of his trial that it was 'unimaginable' that Jews would leave the camp alive . the 93-year-old is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . he is known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz' and worked for an insurance company after the war .
part-time welder had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer . 48-year-old had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal Derby hospital . surgeons sawed through his jawbone and through two teeth to get to tumour . they then replaced tissue with muscle from his arm - which still has hairs . he has to return to hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
previously unseen letters show he was a womaniser who had affairs without settling down . letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public . among the lovers whose affairs with Brooke are featured are cathleen nesbitt and Phyllis Gardner .
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos . social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during the storm . a hoax video of a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera house was nothing but a fake .
mark Steven west, 32, was sentenced to four months in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . he had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' but the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated, which would have made their encounter legal .
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, tn, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies .
the largest german bank will pay $775 million in penalties to the justice department, $800 million to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission . the $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation .
broken tvs, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries . 41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a report by the united nations university . 'millions of tonnes' of broken goods are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it is cheaper than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim . brokers fraudulently categorise '
the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the Mrs Merton Show . he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years . at a costs application hearing today, the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial .
certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries . from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the limelight to golden stars that have greyed with time, FEMAIL rounds up the worst .
gang of eight dug 50m-long tunnel in bid to steal artefacts from 1,400-year-old temple . police launched sting operation four days later and arrested five gang members . gang hid construction equipment from landlord for more than a month . it's thought they began digging around the new year .
attorney-turned-cook and activist Joan Cheever founded the Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005 . she was serving hot meals at city parks out of her personal pickup truck because it is more maneuverable . on April 7, she was approached by four police officers on bicycles and issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck .
fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday . police were called to the couple's home in goodyear, arizona, after a fight turned physical . 'we couldn't get them pulled apart,' the sister, Judy Johnson, told cops when they arrived . griner told police that she threw a dog bowl at the wall . she had a tooth mark on her hand, as
ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour . left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home . Ruben helped in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe .
Michelle Carter, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend, 18-year-old conrad Roy III . her lawyers are pushing to have the case moved to a different county due to 'a conflict of interest' the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that the DA, Thomas Quinn, has excused himself from any involvement .
democratic presidential candidate will testify in public about her use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state . the first hearing will focus on Clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four americans, including the u.s. ambassador to Libya . 'with her cooperation and that of the State Department and (obama) administration, secretary Clinton could be done with the Benghazi Committee before the Fourth of July,' gowdy said .
schoolgirl took a sip from a water bottle spiked with highly corrosive acid . she discovered an unusual taste and smell to the colourless liquid . the girl was left needing urgent medical treatment after the incident . two pupils at the specialist science college have been suspended .
more than 200 people queued outside the store to get their hands on prizes . the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door . it is one of 60 stores opening across the country this year .
victim called 'homewrecker' by victim who accused her of affair with partner . threw a drink over her at charity event at dawdon cricket club in seaham . temple, 33, bit a chunk out of victim's ear before trying to buy another drink . she was jailed for 20 months after admitting grievous bodily harm .
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was convicted on April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013 . he was sentenced to life behind bars and was moved to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts . the facility houses more than 1,000 inmates, many of whom are serving life sentences, and is named for two department employees killed during a failed escape attempt in 1972 .
mail carrier Doug Hughes, 61, steered his tiny gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the capitol . security tracked him as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg, Pennsylvania . a 'judgment call' was made not to shoot him down, he said . the incident exposed a gap in the government's efforts to ensure the security of the white house, capitol and other critical buildings in washington .
the actor was on good form when the line of questioning suddenly got personal . he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his personal demons . when asked about his relationship with his father, he gets up and says: 'i'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?'
college juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20, and abbie deloach, 21, of Savannah, abbie pittman, 21, and caitlyn baggett, 21 of millen, perished on their way to school . fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries . the driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he
the lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' the civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation . brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., wore a red hoodie bearing her son'
rickety dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees began to sink in the sea . one of the Muslims on board ordered him to stop, saying: 'we only pray to Allah' when he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned . over 900 migrants making the perilous journey have either died or gone missing since the start of the year . 400 migrants died in two shipwrecks last week .
the 25-year-old crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese grand prix . he suffered a severe head injury and is now in a coma . his father has spoken of the pain his family have gone through since the accident .
Steve Cotterill has taken Bristol City to the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in league one . the foxes have already won silverware this season thanks to a Johnstone's paint trophy win last month . if they hadn't changed their approach they could have folded .
Emmanuel Adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe . the 31-year-old has pocketed £3.4million in wages since his last start for the club against aston villa on November 2 . he is exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the Bahamas, where he conducts much of his business .
arturo Vidal scored from the spot to give his side the lead in the 57th minute . the midfielder had been out for seven weeks with a calf injury . he collided with Ricardo Carvalho as he made his way towards goal .
jose mourinho has announced he will promote one of the club's youngsters . the 17-year-old is earmarked first team potential . he is the last player to come through Chelsea's youth ranks and become a first-team regular .
starting in may, Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the popular soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful . he will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley . Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show .
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 50th minute . Patrick Bamford doubled the home side's lead shortly after half-time . a late penalty was missed in the 66th minute for the visitors . the win keeps the cherries in the top three in the championship .
former real madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team . he has won the competition three times in five seasons with los blancos . here, he recalls the great names he played alongside and against .
Fulham will sound out mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage . owner Shahid Khan is planning to release a budget of £20million . the cottagers are deliberating over the future of kit Symons . west brom have joined the chase for winger Bakary Sako .
the fighter ace lost both legs in a flying accident in 1931 . he was shot down over France in august 1941 and ended up in warburg . his story predates the break in 1944 immortalised in the film starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough .
aspiring model Leonie Granger lured professional gambler to his death . the 25-year-old lured him with £50 notes at a casino in west end, london . she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and accomplice could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home . he was left with multiple broken bones, lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood .
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's 4-1 win over sunderland . Connor Wickham and Adam Johnson both stood nearer their own goal than the referee when the ball went in . arsenal's decision to axe goalkeeper wojciech szczesny has proved pivotal point of the season .
Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for his club this season . the 24-year-old helped the blues win the capital one cup . he was rewarded with the top individual award of the night at the Grosvenor hotel in London .
Lionel Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez with his first . the argentine has now scored 400 goals in just 471 games . he has 309 goals in the league, 75 in the champions league and 32 in the copa del rey .
armed forces charity help for heroes set up fund-raising appeal in his name . it will pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran . but council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for his ongoing care . in just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000 . he is one of the few soldiers to survive the 1,000 mile death march .
the club parted company with manager Andy Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning . the 42-year-old's future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play-off places . assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team .
‘Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers began to uncover the gory details . human rights lawyer David Matas investigated allegations of organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners in china . they uncovered evidence that tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed on demand to supply an ongoing illegal organ transplant industry .
sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have failed to impress . Juan Cuadrado has failed to score or create a goal in nearly three months . aaron ramsey has scored just one goal as manchester city have slipped out of the title race .
the letter was delivered to residents in the area over the past few days . it outlines the schedule for the planned victory parade on may 25 . the parade would start around 12pm and finish around 1pm .
the Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams . his meagre return came in games against everton, aston villa, Stoke City and Leicester City . he was denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of blues captain John Terry .
the tracksuit tycoon has agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea from the retailer John Lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million . in five years, when the operation to build the properties is concluded and they have been sold to high-end buyers, he will add another £1bn to his net worth . the biggest motivation in his life is to make money, something reflected in Newcastle United's latest accounts .
'it's the ultimate honour because Pele is the greatest player of Brazil and probably the world,' says Philippe Coutinho . 'when you see the manager trusts you and gives you a lot of confidence it makes you play even better,' he says .
atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on tuesday . spanish giants have a diamond in Raphael Varane, who turns 22 later this month . the 22-year-old's performance was wise beyond his years . he saved his team at the death too .
the ten-year-old twins, who live in Raleigh, north Carolina, met their hero on the retired warship the Yorktown in Charleston, where he served as an aircraft handler decades before . they had been in contact for about a year via email but only got to meet on board the ship recently . the veteran, 89, is still married and has a couple of children and several great grandchildren .
former spurs midfielder sprained ligament in his right knee on saturday . gareth bale picked up a calf injury in the same game at the bernabeu . real madrid will have to get there without him in the champions league final .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . every touch was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic . referee Michael Oliver booked him for a dive on the spot .
'it was the best JT has ever played. it was absolutely amazing,' says manager . 'we have never seen anyone better at reading play and defending the front post,' claims sportsmail columnist and sky sports pundit .
if there was a defender of the year, John Terry would clean up . this has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt . he didn't break sweat against arsenal and Chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger’s team .
Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal . he replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce at the city ground in february . the club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the club .
new satellite images reveal rapid progress in constructing runway on disputed territory in the south china sea . the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the fiery cross reef in the Spratly Islands . but by march this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations . it follows disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificially-built island .
furious leadership claims it is Washington which wields the greatest military muscle . comes as satellite images reveal flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands . area is claimed by many other countries in the region - but china has 'indisputable rights' to them .
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . at one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the back seat, which turned out to be untrue . the entire incident was captured by a helicopter filming from above .
never-before-seen photographs show the horror of the doomed gallipoli landings . an estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916 . a mule is hoisted on board the collier ship SS River Clyde ahead of the three-day journey across the aegean sea . soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the ship and soldiers being evacuated .
eight faculty members wrote the op-ed after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with the doctor . the doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his syndicated talk show . he has vehemently defended his work at the university, saying his on-air 'ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work . but they also applauded him for the work he
the former beauty queen tweeted a message of support for her former husband ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer . it's the first public comment the former decathlete has made about his anticipated confirmation that he's transgender and plans to live as a woman . she compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete .
researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged 60 and over . exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, alters the structure of the brain . microscopic particles cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting .
Zermatt in the upper valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban . a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in 'miserable conditions' . the organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs for many years .
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, florida home in 2011 . in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to 'save' her children . she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that she feared the girl would be attacked, too . but police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing
mother-of-five, 43, reveals how her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' . he would 'dance and sing all the time' and had a recording of an Ed sheeran song . but she has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence, saying: 'there is no justice at all' her son, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam style dancing .
the 2015 World Happiness Report is the third of its kind . it measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth . britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found . but the united states is a full 10 places below canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively .
business leaders voice concerns over 'personal attacks and scaremongering' they believe negative tactics have done little to discredit Ed Miliband . a number of business leaders have blasted the 'disastrous' campaign .
the medal belongs to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . a grave in Melbourne's Springvale cemetery bearing a plaque with Frederick's name probably belongs to his brother Lewis, who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing . it records the date of his death, or 'Bunny' in the family 'because he was so fast'
five-year-old girl was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne . a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl and left her with deep gashes . her mother says not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter . but the dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine . the girl needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years .
the vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop . tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa . among those who had three doses, the number of clinical cases of malaria was reduced by 36 per cent after four years . but the protection waned over time and boosters worked less well .
turnham primary school sent out 'home-school agreement' for all children to sign . infants must also pledge to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases . they must also promise to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles .
the horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when he was vandalized . the tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint . police are still searching for the person responsible .
damon clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta . Quintavious barber, 19, and malik morton, 18, have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child .
the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of the novelist and his life, including the first post box design . the first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain .
around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack, upstate new york, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River . they then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany . experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable
scotland's first minister said she would form anti-tory alliance with smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins . remarks raise prospect of labour ruling as a minority government . labour slipped four points behind the tories in latest polls .
on April 16, Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, new hampshire with a needle still in her arm . when police turned up on her father's doorstep, they knew they were there about her . days later, her family wrote an obituary announcing her death . 'she made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs,' it reads .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980 . on the day he was released from prison, he ate his first hamburger after being wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years . the moment he took his first bite was captured on video by the California Innocence Project, which has been working to free him since 1999 .
the 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick . the car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron . in the movie, the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below .
jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack services in australia and new zealand . the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities . police have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack .
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer . on April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and seamus, 8, passed away surrounded by family . she wrote a heartbreaking obituary for herself before passing away on april 16 .
'we are pleased that this case is over,' said a lawyer for the coach's daughter . the one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move, but it said each woman should pay her own legal costs .
two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions . it is legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs . the traditional game involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach known as the Martingale Betting Strategy .
owl breeder Jay Brittain, 63, was worried he could end up overfeeding the birds . so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet . the first born Tawny is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink . staff have to feed baby mice to the little owlets within 12 hours of hatching . but after three days their feeds reduce to three
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock . instead, consumers willing to shell out £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June . analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with a whisper .
the 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering at a five-star hotel in Bangkok . she is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package she is on . 'i'm feeling so much better now, just excited to see the outcome!' she says .
the president's spokesman did not name-check opponents of Obama's argument on climate change today but it was evident that he was referring to conservatives such as Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe . Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president’s gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day .
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series . the 16-year-old will follow in the footsteps of his father, who won 91 races . he will start in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday .
lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness . study shows 40 minutes of extra natural light per day could help to reduce cases by 26% . leading eye surgeon warns an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain .
japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to encourage clear, unblemished skin . Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in the east Asian nation .
an anonymous Ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit Q&A about why she and her husband made the painful decision to have an abortion at 23 weeks . when they learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb', they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action .
more than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 people appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson . the department of immigration and border protection came in third . other australians named the ABC as the place they would most like to work, alongside journalist Leigh Sales .
'it's horrible to look at and horrible to live with,' says 43-year-old from gloucestershire . she had a breast augmentation operation six years ago but was left with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant'
two soldiers, one a Buckingham Palace guard, walked free from court . they were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault . but a judge at Teesside crown court made what even he admitted was an 'extraordinary' decision to let the men walk free .
one-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to luton . she was strapped in the connector belt required for children under the age of two . when crew asked her to sit on her parents' laps, she became frustrated . her parents, who live in north london, are seeking legal advice over the incident .
television presenter, 60, retraced his grandfather's steps in Gallipoli . his grandfather, George William Thomson, was a qualified dentist . he toiled for hours on end as part of the new zealand medical corps . the 'papa's' war diary lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more about the veteran .
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man came in and showed her he had a gun . as the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times .
co-star heida Reed claims viewers' obsession with his body is sexist . 27-year-old claims it is evidence of reverse sexism and undermines the show . she said: 'i think there should be the same standard for both sexes'
posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . students at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire, the message was inappropriate .
Pedestrian Andrea McVeigh was sent crashing face-first into concrete . the 44-year-old was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . she suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead . cyclist fled the scene, chased by the social media manager's husband . police have issued an appeal for the mystery cyclist to come forward .
video posted to facebook mocks teenagers taking part in #kyliejennerchallenge . encourages teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles . video has been watched more than three million times in just a day .
the party leader said he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people . but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters – including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires – from backing him publicly .
'the family is watching all together with Bruce, so i’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty said .
Freddie Gray was arrested on April 12 after making eye contact with officers . officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into police van . while inside, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him, police said . at some point he suffered unexplained spinal injury that led to death . six officers have been suspended with pay as investigation continues . but commissioner has ruled out possibility of resignation amid growing calls for him to step down .
'mausoleum group' embalmed lenin's corpse on orders of Stalin in 1924 . gruesome job involves 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to his body . they prefer to preserve body's shape, weight, colour and flexibility, rather than biological tissue .
artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars . others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth . the posters are hand-drawn and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator .
the number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents in 2007 . he then drove their bodies 150 miles before dumping them in a grey Nissan Micra . but the car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case, court told .
the iron age fort was discovered on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack . it would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position . but resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard . archaeologists believe it may have been built to help the Picts dominate the area .
soil underneath slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park .
the recall includes all products bearing the brand name 'Jeni's' the company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until its products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe' the action follows a similar recall by Texas-based blue bell creameries on Monday night .
detainee is expected to be released in summer after 13 years in captivity . 48-year-old has been held without charge or trial for more than 13 years . he is longest-serving uk resident in prison and has twice been cleared for release .
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in 2013 . the investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers . he turned himself into authorities less than a month later after police searched his mansion, his private plane and his school office .
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully . last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private catholic school, sent a letter to Rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance . 'even though she's now done with her treatments you still have a very long recovery process because you've basically put two and a half years of poison into your body,'
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, has 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years . but she claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren' . she claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 .
19 Kids and Counting stars jessa Duggar and her 19-year-old husband Ben announced their pregnancy in a video for tlc.com . the couple are known for being incredibly fitness- and health-conscious, and even announced the news of their pregnancy while making smoothies .
the 65-year-old halted his gender transition after meeting and falling in love with Kris Kardashian, the ex-wife of famed LA attorney Robert Kardashian . the couple married in late 1990 and went on to have two children together - Kendall, now 19, and Kylie, 17, before divorcing in December last year . he still had his athletic physique and heavy set masculine features when he appeared in the 1980 film can't stop the music .
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless on 191-mile hike . he was exposed when council staff read article recounting exploits in 2012 . article told how 'experienced walker' was attacked by cows in cumbria . council also found he had spent a weekend walking in Wales days before application .
airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the u.s. to attract more tourists . a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to the city . but there are concerns that not enough Americans will know of playwright .
the collection includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets . one daring cut-out bra leaves most of the breasts exposed, with straps that creep up to the neck . other stand-outs include a barely-there peek-a-boo thong, teamed with gartered stockings .
stud farm owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her brother-in-law for saving her horses from the floods . the horses became tangled in fences amidst the flooding in the Hunter region of new south wales . 'i don't know what i would have done without him and my sister,' she said .
suspects, all of Somali descent, detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies . a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs . suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole . but a judge maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed .
photographer Martin Beck has snapped Captain America, Iron Man and the Green Lantern taking a step back from fighting crime . he has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called we can be heroes . his subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire or never quite passed at superhero school .
a cross-dressing robber allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a fake gun he pulled out of a bag . the man was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date .
18-year-old hit back at people who criticised her on the social networking site . she said she is going to turn their negative comments into positivity . the daughter of russian billionaire roman has five children with second wife irina .
an obscure 1993 agreement means the vast majority of australians will not get a day off this Anzac weekend . the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation . if Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted a weekday . western australia and some public servants in Canberra will get Monday off .
the house began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . it took a team of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers to pull it down .
columnist for the sun called migrants 'cockroaches' in hard-hitting statement . high commissioner for human rights said it was 'nasty underbelly of racism' he asked all european countries to take firmer line on racism and xenophobia .
the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now . experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method . women's health physiotherapist Camilla Lawrence tells mailonline how to get their body back to its pre-pregnancy shape .
the 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in weld county, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . in a chilling 911 call from around 11pm, she told operators: 'my neck hurts. I think there's glass in my neck' she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck. she is expected to recover . the shooting may be linked to other unexplained reports
the 'escort card' was a comical printed card handed out by men to women . it was used to introduce themselves to new acquaintances in the 1870s and 1880s . the novelty card was reserved for more casual encounters, namely men seeking the company of women, known as an 'acquaintance card' .
pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year . china estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs .
intruders broke into home in Hatfield peverel, . Essex, flooded kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs . stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house . the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard .
fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on monday . footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .
detective sgt Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34, are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' . the three officers from southwales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation carried out by the force's professional standards department .
mother-of-six Louise Henderson alakil, 49, moved to the country 27 years ago . she is hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city . her children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, 9, are living in fear in basement . they have posted applications to the uk but fear they will not return .
aberash bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent . she was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage . escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . while she was released by the courts, local elders forced her into exile .
headteacher has banned all drinks except water during the school day . rowdown primary school in new addington, south london, enforced the rule . but some parents say it is too strict and many children don't like water . campaigner: 'as a mother, I have the right to choose what my son drinks'
'i haven't had KFC for about four months, which is killing me', says sprinter . chef chases him around house to check he is eating his greens . 'to perform how I want i have to be perfect in training,' he said .
the secondary chamber is so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over . it sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km) experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site . previous research found a relatively small chamber, known as the upper-crustal magma reservoir, directly beneath the surface .
at her heaviest, the 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs . underwent gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 to lose 68kg . says wake-up call came when she got out of the shower once day .
derelict property in bath city centre torn down and replaced with 14 flats . but residents complained it was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved . developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed .
the 73-year-old was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in a drone strike . his family slammed the government's response to his abduction . it has now been claimed that they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death . after the money exchanged hands, the captors demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners, including the 'poster girl' for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddiqui .
news comes as cigar use rises in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines . more young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new flavoured ones .
carpenter built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula . it measures 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at 25ft . a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree .
sex offender stabbed 20-year-old student in the heart, lungs and liver . he was on licence for assaulting a 14-year old girl when he killed her . miss mevish had dreamed of becoming a policewoman after meeting him on a canal towpath .
Navinder Sarao's family's semi-detached house in west London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london . the 36-year-old was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home .
bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport, was mowing his lawn when a metal fence wire shot up his nose and into his head . he thought a rock hit him in the face but after going to hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal wire . the wire dodged all of Parker's nerves and arteries and was as thick as a nail .
the 34-year-old model has been snapped up to front a campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti, shot in her home country . the mother-of-two stars in the edgy campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
the reality star has long had her pick of holiday destinations . this month, she and her husband made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter . Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband .
brain scans on professional comedians reveal differences in way brains work . 'super speakers' showed less activity in a key area of the brain . this suggests they were putting less effort into basic mechanics of speech . neuroscientists found people with damage to right sagittal stratum are unable to detect sarcasm .
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock . instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June . analysts believe the company opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang .
presenter has ruled out returning to motoring show, becoming final presenter to leave . he took to twitter to announce he would not 'quit my mates' . comes as show's former executive producer launches scathing attack on 'meddling' bbc . yesterday, he sensationally quit the show, sparking speculation it could launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster .
Samantha Crossland pocketed parents' fees being paid to child's play day nursery . 30-year-old was told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back . nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an 's. crossland' she was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work .
underwater suites at the five-star atlantis, the palm resort in Dubai boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium . the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room . each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes, Dom Perignon Champagne for non-Muslim guests, a non-alcoholic sparkling date drink for Muslim guests .
experts at Consumer Reports in the us tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp . found traces of harmful bacteria, including E.coli, salmonella and vibrio . also found antibiotics and seven samples tested positive for MRSA .
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois . a heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl . players from the dugouts and bullpens flood the field for the fight . the match began to get scrappy after the white sox's Jose ab
skywest flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut on tuesday . pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure . three passengers lost consciousness and others felt sick and dizzy . plane plunged 30,000 feet in eight minutes before landing in Buffalo, new york . no mechanical faults have been found on the aircraft .
imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . connected to a number of university computers and found passwords . he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself . after hacking into university computers, he changed his marks .
conrad Clitheroe, 54, and ex-pat friend Neil Munro, 45, were arrested . they were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in Dubai . despite being told they would not be detained, they were put in jail . their wife Valerie had written to pm to ask him to intervene in the case .
Brian and Amanda Bayers were preparing to take their son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . he thought his son was playing inside but he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open . after going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck .
the service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you' it is limited to english-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an android device . Highlights is the latest by twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks .
research by asda found rump, fillet and T-Bone are most popular cuts . but when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince . one in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef . a fifth of 18-34-year-olds also find larger cuts daunting to cook .
Aussie the dog saved his owners from being electrocuted in a puddle . they were walking near their home at Caves beach, near Lake Macquarie . the family had lost power so on wednesday they decided to take them for a walk . five-month-old Aussie was killed instantly when he stepped into the first . 'Aussie's our hero, he saved their lives,' their grandmother said .
state broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show . show would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun bulls . 15 people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced to 12.5 years in prison for refusing to help, Kimberly Calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol in 2009 . the banana importing businessman inherited a lucrative banana business from his father and grandfather . he stopped the other woman in the hotel room, Nicole Zobkiw, from 911 and also prevented hotel security coming into the room as Calo died .
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend anissa weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in waukesha in may 2014 . her attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders . the judge said Gey's allegations of violence have been limited to the stabbing and are
'nickel rides' have caused spinal injuries in the past . 'paddy wagons' have a name: 'nickel rides,' referring to cheap amusement park thrills . police department rules were updated nine days before gray's arrest .
the duchess of cambridge's uncle took to twitter after his dog was run over . he posted a picture of the alleged culprit on his social media account . his accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***... coming to get ya'
memo from an internal police inquiry surfaced earlier this week . it revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates, 73, when he arrived at the Tulsa sheriff's office . documents suggested the department also violated training policies . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2 .
the N-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour . the road has been named the best in the world for its location, cutting through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley . a591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District is Britain's best road .
pictures show Veronica bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in the capital Sao Paulo, brazil . the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour, it has been reported . but an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody, leaving her face unrecognisable .
Aaron Bee was wanted by police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . the 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks and taunted officers with selfies . he was eventually arrested in a cafe and jailed for eight months yesterday . after spending less than five months behind bars he has been released .
twenty strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog from a tar pit near the shoreline of the Great Salt lake . owner Tom George had to drive an hour out to the nearest town to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake's Spiral Jetty . but a family was willing to stay with the dog and only more and more strangers followed .
mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a naturalized american citizen, faces two counts of making false . statements involving international terrorism matters . he allegedly made false statements during interviews with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in ankara, turkey, in march . the criminal complaint said he falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members .
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete . she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road, north London . he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving the same reason .
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina high school, was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17 . the teacher turned herself into police on Thursday morning and was released at 4.40pm, according to county records . if the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas police department .
911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark on friday . police sniffer dogs seized a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious . official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed . tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day .
revellers tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire . seconds later they throw themselves into the flames . locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease . annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze .
10 war widows have travelled to gallipoli for anzac day service on saturday . among them is the widow of Private Arthur Herbert Pockett, who fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war . 'he said "i'm sure you've got a heart murmur". I said what a load of garbage,' she said .
voters have suggested landmarks across the city to fill the more expensive slots . but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections . high-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the cathedral, Exeter castle, the Guildhall and modern shopping centre .
the service records belonging to two of Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli in 1915 . the records belong to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in australia . in November 1917 Edward Glenny worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI .
the neglected cat from Sea Isle City in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt .
a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment . Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove, to begin the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign . thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war .
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence . he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing gbh . his brother, Patrick, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3 . but on friday, he had his arm around his brother and was crying when the sentence was handed down .
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the lab at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943 . she spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory . now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory where more than 700 people worked .
teen suicide bomber named as Abu Hafs al-Badri blows himself up . he is claimed to be the cousin of the al-bagdadhi caliph, the extremist group's self-styled leader . both boys appear to be older than 16-years-old .
ariana Mason, 21, filed a civil rights lawsuit against officer Shawn Izzo . she claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a 'stranglehold' two of her teeth were also broken, she says .
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of his former dentist . the semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever . he will need years of remedial treatment to fix extensive decay .
surveillance video shows a car driving directly in front of an oncoming train . all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path in south st. augustine . the car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill . despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .
'well cared-for and loved' baby found lying face down and unresponsive . mother had taken him to bed with her at family home in west wales . but the next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive', inquest heard . coroner in pembrokeshire said new parents given 'confusing' advice .
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates' court charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose . he also faces charges of possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . the cleric's body was found in his parked car in wembley, north west london, on April 7 .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out show at westfield high school . 'all of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience said .
the money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials and PR advice . critics accuse the network of taking money which could be better spent . number of Trussell trust foodbanks has risen eight-fold in just five years .
former royal marine beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing make-up . he also forced her to hand over passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts . the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her . his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages .
Sharista Giles of sweetwater, tennessee, went into a four-month coma in december after a car accident . she was five months pregnant at the time and doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovering . in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles .
the last time a Class-C volcano erupted was in the 1780s, and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island . the secluded settlements are cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises . from villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away .
presenter left out the letter 'c' when he wrote the word on a whiteboard . he later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
a pair of white lights were spotted floating dangerously close to the ash cloud . tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the lights could be . one YouTube user, perkoff, believed it was a time traveler .
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos . she has applied for 40 jobs but has had no success because of them . miss Bennett, who has 18 tattoos, says no one will employ her until they are removed .
the Washington couple's three-year-old complained of someone talking to him at night . one night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' . technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet .
the ex-partner of disgraced politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear . the violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child was born . he resigned from the labour party but refused to resign from parliament .
psychiatrist testified on friday during court hearings in washington, d.c., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital . he said he wants to start a band but not perform publicly . one of his interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar .
the teacher has been suspended from the auguste Remoir college in Limoges . she is alleged to have used her classes to defend adolf Hitler's domestic record . 'he was a good man who built motorways and liked music,' she said . 17 of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher .
the spacecraft captured a shot of Curiosity near the base of Mount Sharp in Gale Crater . but the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather . the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment (HiRise) camera on the mars satellite, from a height of 187 miles (300km) above the surface .
an urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks . a vet complained to authorities that three were missing from the sanctuary, sparking fears they may have been sold on . the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them .
opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on weibo . rare accessory is made from feathers of 80 kingfishers, according to a web user . she bought the headdress more than a decade ago for £10,775 .
hermann goering, 76, cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide . he was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief . his daughter has always refused to criticise him for his role in the extermination of Jews .
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, say they do not 'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation where they both love him . the trio appeared on today's this morning to explain their open relationship to presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford . they live together and share a super king-sized bed .
asda manager orchestrated scam to steal £15,000 of goods from store . stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, games and consoles were taken . but after being sacked, gridley managed to land a managerial role at lidl .
a council scheme to sell neighbouring homes for £1 has turned the street into a 'ghetto' the couple, who raised their four children in their home, became mortgage free 15 years ago . but eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme . the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for more than £1 .
reverend creflo Dollar, 53, launched appeal for 200,000 people to donate '$300 or more' to buy a $65million private jet with worshippers' donations . televangelist, known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
the 17-year-old driver lost control of her car on the central coast of nsw . she collided with a wheelie bin and crashed head-on into a brick wall . the group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer sedan . a female passenger, 17, suffered multiple fractures to her limbs, ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen .
sugar pine mine near Medford, oregon, served with stop-work order . owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management .
both the duke and duchess of cambridge have been out shopping this week . on her last day of royal engagements just weeks ago, she recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry . the autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out .
lawyer's for killer of 13-year-old will file application to have chief justice disqualified from hearing his appeal . chief justice cited a potential bias in the case . cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the teenager's body in 2003 .
the 18-year-old wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom . the sign read: 'i kno it's A little late, but I'm kinda...THE BOMB! Rilea, Will U Be My Date To Prom?' the teen says the prank was all in good fun and simply part of a trend
the large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur . it is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed . google often places so-called Easter Eggs, or hidden features, within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game . but this is not one of these features and a Google spokesman said: 'we've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident,
ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are fetching upwards of $130,000 online . due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight ($89.99 - $99.99), thousands of fans might try to watch the bout for free via live video streaming apps like periscope or Meerkat . showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying .
social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue' . the department of veteran affairs said the word 'anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 . it is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs .
the actress briefed the security council in her role as special envoy for the united nations on refugee issues on friday . when asked about her planned briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful' the 39-year-old actress and director spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in the war-torn region of the middle east .
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion . but when the piercing became inflamed, she had to remove the bar . the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar .
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district . cobain and his wife lived in the home during the height of Nirvana's musical influence 91-92 . the singer wrote the song 'Heart-Shaped Box' in the bathtub .
'more than anything, i am going to miss you all,' he told the crowd . 'i am proud of you. i'm gonna miss you': the attorney general . the event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of congress, former president bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone .
andre Gignac claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet, with armed people peering out of its windows . the 58-year-old says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look . also claims that not far from this bunker are missiles, rockets and structures deployed in a circle .
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh . her brother, Muhammad Azam, said he would set himself alight if he did not get justice .
police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest in the woods outside Shreveport in 1981 . the teen's remains have been identified after 34 years . a facebook post and a Craigslist ad worked together to solve the case .
summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers . within days, warships and rescue patrols expected to be sent to region . italian prime minister called measures 'a giant step forward' but Malta's prime minister said assets would 'never be enough'
alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover . on April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser . she told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her . when the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington
the toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the dog clamped its jaws around her head . she was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' her by her head at their home in Neyland, pembrokeshire . the dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .
the alleged victim in the case, 19-year-old Austin Essig, took to the police's Facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the brownie . his mother, Julieane Jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering .
Vivienne garton's 10-year-old west terrier was snatched from her garden . she put posters up near her home but soon received a call threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500 . 'i feel sick. i have had him for ten years - he is my little baby. I just want him home safe,' she said .
health bloggers and celebrities sing the praises of superfoods . scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits . but how do we know if they actually work when we've only become aware of them in the past few years . one woman swears by the stuff and her wrinkle-free skin is proof .
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion . it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold . but there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price .
genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains shows that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred . researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland . study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants .
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on monday morning . he returned home on his own on tuesday night and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus . after his return, police learned that he had never left the bay area town and had spent most of his time around the school and in the foothills . the school, which is about ten minutes' drive from the headquarters of tech giant apple, has rows of pineapple 
most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million . it was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when google awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million at the time he relinquished the CEO's job to co-founder Larry Page .
property developer smirked as he walked free from court yesterday . he was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury . the 43-year-old claimed his neighbour's son-in-law had kicked him and called him a 'p**i' .
temperatures are set to plunge by around 10c in the north of the uk . plunge means it could be colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland . forecasters say it will be 'increasingly unsettled and colder'
australian presenter and model Nicky Buckley bucked preconceived notions of women in television and continued to work to support her family . in her newly-released memoir, 'nickybuckley: a Memoir', she reveals how the criticism became 'barrage of abuse' the 49-year-old wore sexy dresses that revealed her bump .
18-year-old laNia Roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally . she began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw . 'Every pound that I gained, I lost a pound of love,' she said .
the $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million . the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . 'today, we move on. of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said .
the seven-row dairy milk Spectacular will contain seven different fillings . there are only 50 on offer and the bars were created for a competition . research showed britons are more likely to try new flavours based on the recommendation of loved ones – partners (36%), family (25%) or a close friend (24%)
graeme finlay, 53, cleared of unlawful wounding and inflicting gbh . retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious . 'it's been hell. it's put me off boats forever,' ex-naval serviceman said .
Bradley Parkes, 16, was found hanging in the woods with a suicide note . his mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital . she said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry . her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face .
Vonda Thedford, 55, believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast, el chupacabra . the restaurant worker was driving along a rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . when she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
britons down an average of 70 million cups of coffee per day . pret has given staff the power to hand out a free coffee on the house . chief executive: 'staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week'
Sawyer sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in texas . his manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to his death . he said: 'there was no depression, no signs or anything' he appeared in 139 episodes of the popular american sitcom and also took small parts in television shows Even Stevens and Frank McKlusky C.I .
rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder', a prosecutor has said . severance, 54, was in court for a hearing on Thursday in Alexandria, Virginia . he has been charged with the murders of Nancy dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne lodato .
deShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair . he also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees . the middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on monday at 3pm .
one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35 . one boy testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst . but the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person can't consent if the other person is in a position of special trust . Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts
scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes . Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead . the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanic eruptions far more effectively than they have before .
20 mastiffs were found crammed into cages on their way to slaughterhouse . mastiff skin can be used for leather belts and hotpot meat for restaurants . a third of the dogs were already dead and none had been given food or water for three days .
the human Powered vehicle (HPV) will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan . it will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac . the current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called Chairiot .
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department . the officer went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he'd lost about $4,000 in the parking lot .
beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 . it is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a detached house in Kingswood, Hull . huts have no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or a novelty 'Noddy' train .
a 22-year-old glamour model was found with her throat slashed in her home . six months later, Lynne weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway . the next day, she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station . detectives have now offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice .
Kim Pappas, 25, gave birth in her office toilet before returning to her desk with the baby wrapped in a plastic bag and putting it in her desk drawer . nobody at the freight management company knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle . pappas has been charged with premeditated murder and has been denied bail .
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds .
little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, central china . her mother, 31, who left her at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill . doctors said she had punctured her lung and sustained multiple fractures .
annual 'spring offensive' began today with the jihadi group claiming responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours . a US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east . over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban .
one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa at the soho hotel . he was seen rolling a joint while next to a box filled with a suspicious substance . now, a series of newly-released snaps appear to show him in his hotel room in the early hours of Thursday morning .
sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on shopping trip with daughter, 8, in wales . she was hit by bus as they tried to cross busy road in city centre on march 31 . mother-of-three was rushed to hospital but later died of her injuries . more than a hundred mourners lined the streets in a guard of honour at funeral . her husband, 36, paid tribute to her saying: 'did I ever tell you, you are my hero' .
towie star, 23, is face of fake tan brand, sunkissed . called on younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in latest campaign . said it was 'really lovely working together' because they don't see each other often .
former masterchef semi-finalist Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef . follows in footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen . the five-star, art deco Grill is now part of the Gordon Ramsay stable .
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two PCSOs . father-of-two will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages . he is trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies .
students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen . they were attending the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama city on April 17 . some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony .
images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme . it said: 'the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design . this is the first time Samsung has released its wearable SDK to developers before the official product announcement .
Birmingham topped league table for highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 . five per cent of residents in Newcastle reported problems with rats, cockroaches, wasps and other creepy crawlies . north east city was followed by the city of London where 4.9% of residents called in pest inspectors last year .
new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world's largest studies into the effects of hormone replacement therapy . the women's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the UK have both revealed strong evidence that HRT increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers .
remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop . streams have been well known for grains of gold of 'significant size' for decades . towie has been ignored by investors in favour of oil industry .
20-year-old from Houston, texas, had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July . a snapshot of the tattoo was shared on imgur earlier this week . the tattoo features his chubby cheeks and big eyes .
tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage . thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states, including in parts of south Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas . for Saturday, the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson . on Sunday, thunderstorms may occur in Kansas, Texas, and Oklahoma, with flash floods as an issue on Monday .
former navy SEAL will host 'machine gun fun' shooting competition . guests will try out the Jackson Hole Shooting Experience, including pistols and clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons . the double-handed trip will cost $50,000 a ticket .
labour leader accused of stooping to a 'shameful' new low by blaming pm . he suggested deaths could have been avoided if pm had done more . claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of pm's foreign policy . tories demanded that he apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks .
George Kirby and 91-year-old doreen Luckie from eastbourne, east Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . on their wedding day, the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years .
Barbara Anne Beam, 82, died in her home in greenville, south carolina, on January 2 . she was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew . the coroner's office ruled her death was homicide by neglect .
police have charged Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, with obtaining benefits by deception . she allegedly faked having terminal cancer to raise money for medical treatment . strangers set up a facebook page and online crowd-funding account . police alleged she used a falsified doctor's certificate to raise about $2500 from her page .
1954 Bentley R-Type Continental fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000 . but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house . more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet . it eventually sold to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory .
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife and son at gas station in Varnell, ga . he then turned the gun on his eight-year-old son before killing himself . police said the couple had a history of domestic issues and were separated .
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner . now 34, a very gaunt xie said he had been hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily . when authorities arrived at the mill, they found large quantities of fake cotton goods .
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by american prosecutors . he is accused of causing the 2010 'flash crash' and making more than £26m . the rogue trader has failed to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts . but he will remain in custody over the weekend after failing to pay it .
the fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . but the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up .
elephant Troublesome has been a regular visitor to the resort's splash pools for the past four years . he wanders into the complex as if he owns the joint before seeking refreshment from the splash pools . resort staff have tried to keep troublesome from emptying the pools but he is living up to his name and keeps outwitting them .
Eva Kor, 81, embraced former SS guard Oskar Groening as he stood in the dock . he is accused of complicity in the slaughter of 300,000 people at auschwitz . she claims he was so overwhelmed by her unexpected gesture that he fainted . the former death camp clerk has been criticised for her public forgiveness .
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water . she was diagnosed after her skin erupted in agonising blisters . 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up .
bahar mustafa, 27, is student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths . posted picture of her pretending to cry in front of 'no white men' sign . also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, which is opposite of transgender .
infamous note left in the Treasury by a labour predecessor after 2010 defeat . it said: 'the deficit halved. Jobs up. Growth up. that's the liberal democrat record' . the original note has haunted labour since it was first published in the days after coalition formed .
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out . the 35-year-old window cleaner, from Bradford, was one of three arrested . he was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation .
the Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively .
record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing . proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta . tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions .
churchill, 25, appeared as a guest star alongside Blake Lively on good morning america (GMA) on thursday . he was promoting his cook book 'Dude Food' and flirting with the blonde glam . the single surfer admitted he 'crushes' more on husband Ryan Reynolds .
Skegness is number five among the UK's holiday home hotspots behind Windermere in the Lake District and Newport in pembrokeshire . research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes . Across the country nearly 1.6 million people have a second property in a different area to where they live permanently .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . but it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events .
Lisa Heath, 45, was an assistant at Willowtown community primary school . she initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her . but she later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession . the maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is 5 years in jail plus a fine .
in 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience . in the future, each of us may have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery, that goes everywhere with us . biometric scanning will have eliminated the need for check-in lines and desks .
authorities rejected Emma Sulkowicz's case that Paul Nungesser, a german citizen, was a 'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class . he is suing Columbia for allowing her to parade the school and take campus-provided transportation with her mattress in protest . the school presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website .
concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions . the images were created by 32-year-old from the uk, who normally works on video games and movies . but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel .
video features an australian doctor and an Indian physiologist urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service . the video's poster shows a doctor wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs . stethoscope can be seen hanging around the male doctor's neck and a microphone appears to be attached to his gown .
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed . app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers .
aspartame has been linked to a range of health problems . but research has shown it to be safe . reformulated drinks will begin appearing on shelves in august .
former state district judge G. Todd Baugh of billings has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . he sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case .
John Elder and armin Wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images . they helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide . Wegner set up clandestine mail routes with foreign consulates and embassies to get hundreds of notes, annotations, documents and photographs of the deportation camps . he was arrested by the german authorities and put to serve in cholera wards in Baghdad
driver named Ashley X after changing his surname by deed poll . caught on camera driving his car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 . initially ignored attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame . tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts .
Deputy Kerry Kempink was responding to a burglar alarm call last friday . he was stopped by two black Rottweilers which were barking at him . within seconds he shot the first dog which was barking and turned his gun on the other which ran off . horrified owner came out and shouted at the deputy: 'they're not even vicious' .
Jenna Marotta, 27, of new york, developed dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding . as a child she would skip breakfast and lunch, then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home . her parents kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of Tweezerman tweezers in their bathroom . 'i'd descend "into the mirror" for up to four hours
a new species of frog has been found in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of So Paulo, brazil . called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators - as they are known to be cannibalistic .
a 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder . her body was found in the boot of her car on the ACT south coast on tuesday . she had been in a 'very tumultuous relationship' with Josaia Vosikata, 27 . he was extradited from the u.s. on friday and has since been charged . friends have described her as 'a beautiful girl
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014 . state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in new Haven, Connecticut . Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in new york .
openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, reached his wits' end trying to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in Nevada . he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online .
the 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up . but its contents remain a mystery and could potentially conceal the name of a second person, it is alleged . last year a review of home office files concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files .
the 25-year-old right hander is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow . he will not be able to play again until at least July .
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, oh, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging for financial help . they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off . the impoverished couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats .
a female commuter is groped while on the tube by an increasingly persistent male . the man looks her up and down, gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'would you report it?' one in ten people have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport, but 90% of these incidents go unreported .
ariana miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in japan and speaks fluent Japanese . she was chosen to represent her country in the miss Universe pageant . critics have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough . but she has lifted the lid on some of the racial abuse she has faced .
bianca gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on bikes in central london . the former model was talking on her mobile while walking in Marylebone . attackers thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag . she is said to have been left in tears after the theft reportedly left her in tears .
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to death certificate . her remains were uncovered at high Craigton farm, near milngavie . former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at court today . he was charged with murder and attempting to defeat ends of justice . miss Buckley disappeared after night out in west end earlier this month .
the driver sprayed champagne straight into the face of a hostess . he won the Chinese grand prix on sunday to extend his lead at the top of the formula one world championship . but a leading group has condemned his behavior as 'selfish and inconsiderate' they say he should be forced to apologise for directing the bubbly into her face .
the 51-year-old said he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury . he has been prescribed sleeping pill and muscle relaxant Temazepam . claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend appointments . but he insists he is not unwell and is now 'back on form'
'i understand how people south of the border think, "Oh my goodness how will it work?"' she also suggested that David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP by gaining greater publicity .
James Webster targeted female shoppers at the store in maidenhead, berkshire . the 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper . security guards discovered he cut a hole in the bag through which he placed a lens . he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned he could face prison . but he walked free from court after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on saturday . for two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' they then cornered it at Merchants River House on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart . it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA .
male headmaster of nonsuch high school for girls dismissed two weeks ago . he sent informal emails to sixth-form pupil, including during holidays . school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts .
he plans another heady mix of romance, class struggle and social snobbery . this time based on the work of one of Britain's greatest novelists . Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn his 1858 novel into a new drama .
one-eyed police killer has reportedly been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer Ian Brady . the 31-year-old has been transferred from HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, to Ashworth Hospital . cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 . he was said to have started refusing food at the Category A jail after being moved to solitary confinement .
the 'chair of death' is said to contain the trapped souls of a slave master . a 'conjure chest' was said to have caused the death of 17 people close to the slave . the $65,000 walking stick is now housed in the antigua's golden palace casino .
actor was asked what he thought of director's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' . he said: 'look I respect the heck out of him. i think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like this speaks to how bright he is' the controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool . the hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers .
may Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at angelo Gordon & co, quit her $475,000-a-year job this week . the official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor governor, 52, is coming closer to running for president in 2016 .
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she ruled that the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . newly-released documents reveal damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years . she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 Garden Court Chambers in 1983 .
the island is just four hours from the uk, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun . the Alfredo Kraus Auditorium (named after the canarian tenor) was built in the 1990s as a ‘theatre of the ocean’ .
the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake-como mansion . the party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February . a source said strict security measures were in place around Villa Oleo .
labour candidate was appearing at a public 'hustings' in the constituency . he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by a rival . loveday Jenkin is standing for the cornish party mebyon Kernow . she claims he turned to her and said: 'if you pick on me again i will destroy you'
south american artist poured food dye into the Strokkur geysir in Iceland . when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted him .
AP McCoy has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years . the 40-year-old finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown park . he was joined on stage by his wife Chanelle, daughter Eve and son Archie .
a man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption .
photographer and dancer Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 . in a project about the complexity of family dynamics, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the child she used to be .
Vince Cable once was a labour politician, albeit a councillor, in the 1970s . he wants to replace 'nasty and vicious stuff' from the tories as Chancellor . the business secretary wants a substantial role in government .
Kevin Coulton, 16, sucked his mouth in a glass to achieve a fuller pout . but the schoolboy was left with bruising around his lips and chin . he is warning classmates to avoid the 'kylie Jenner' challenge . the craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate the star's pouts .
broadcaster died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday . heartbroken colleagues paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional' . one direction star Niall Horan led tributes to 'super great guy and great commentator' he said: 'he will be sadly missed around the ground'
former Blair ally Charles Dunstone is now supporting the conservatives . he signed a letter backing the labour party in the 2005 election . five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems . the recovery of the UK has been extraordinary .
panel will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records . will also examine 'extrapolations' when records include virtual figures . in some areas, such as the Arctic, these may be hundreds of miles away .
the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a report by NBC affiliate 11Alive . this news comes just days after the 22-year old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed . while over the weekend Bobby revealed that 'Bobbi is awake' during a Dallas concert last Saturday .
the disgraced reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the new york islanders and the washington capitals . she was suspended for a week after a video emerged showing her unleashing a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . 'back to work. Excited to be covering caps-isles today. now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that i'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests . they pinpoint genetic 'markers' in tumour and determine its aggressiveness . after surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened . for some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent .
rogue european eagle owl has terrorised the town of Noordeinde for months . the 6lbs creature spent around one minute perched on the blonde-haired woman . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird .
the 47-year-old comedian and travel writer made a splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in brazil . he was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg, from itaja to Newport, rhode island . the comedian climbed the 30-metre (100-foot) mast of the racing boat for a special selfie before it set out to sea .
patients' lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival . a snapshot NHS study reveals 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment on a surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital . after high-profile campaigns in 2013 which exposed the shocking death rates, the method was officially recommended by NHS England .
the Gulf state's rulers have been quietly buying up prestigious properties . they boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million . last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for £2.6 billion .
'the mom was beside herself with grief. she yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' she wrote in her new book and the good news is: lessons and advice from the bright side . she said the president had been in no hurry to leave the soldier's room as the mother screamed at him . 'that mama sure was mad at me,' perino said .
two-up is legal on ANZAC Day across returned servicemen league clubs and pubs . the game dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s, but it's a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches.
pages 'advertising 'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to overcrowded vessels . they are said to be offering refugees voyages to Italy and turkey . discovery comes after the deaths of 1,700 refugees in the last week .
comedienne Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in Venus break . a trip to Venice provided inspiration for budding artists and cooks .
at his heaviest he tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years . the 54-year-old wanted gastric bypass surgery done for free . but health service bosses said he needed to prove he could keep weight off . now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. after plastic surgeon offered to carry out the procedure free of charge .
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, on april 16 . her cellphone has been turned off and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened . the woman's uncle, Rosemberg, called her a 'beautiful angel' and an optimistic, spiritual woman who just finished a Mormon mission in Mexico .
the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and have yet to catch on in the uk . but they are all the rage in Europe and are very popular in Switzerland . shoppers in Geneva have reported seeing pippa buying them in a shop there .
three eight-week-old Labradors were found inside of a sealed cardboard box labeled 'stuff animals' on April 18 near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site . the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion when they were discovered . a good Samaritan was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top . she took the dogs to the animal center where they are being treated .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called 'the Disciples of the New Dawn' in the u.s. it has been circulating on mother's groups in australia . a drive to reduce the rates of C-sections is forcing obstetricians to 'act against their own better professional judgment'
a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago . he appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in co . Tyrone today and was released on bail .
the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property . 'they actually spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts,' said wounded veteran Nicholas connole . the students were staying at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City for their spring formal .
in the early 1970s, Sir Richard Branson converted the chapel into a home . he had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away . other artists using The Old Chapel included sandy Denny and the bonzo dog doo-dah band . residents recall that Branson only used the house at the weekends .
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues . it has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial against him . prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' of 2010 . the crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim .
father-of-two Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . he put in in his hand 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital . surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .
murderer absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released on licence . 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen comfort . his arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts on crimewatch .
around 549 australians are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region . the family of 20-year-old Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign to find her . hugh sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest . at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp .
the labour leader has hired a guru who can help him find his 'inner voice' the firm claims to help politicians build 'leadership skills' using 'neuroscience' and 'business psychology' . the firm uses some american spellings despite being based in the uk .
Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of smearing the hair of her sister's dolls . the 44-year-old has denied the claims, saying she shaved heads off dolls as a child . she poked fun at the accusations, saying: 'i'm not proud of it... but I've changed' .
Judith Chalmers and her husband travelled to macau to discover the city . the city is home to 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, the Venetian . it was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China .
dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin . the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . he walked toward the deputy with his phone in his hand and was shot four times just seconds later .
after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16 . but on friday the state supreme court ruled that McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . the unanimous court argued that the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards
the show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other . the show is set to premiere this summer . after the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else .
channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket . she did a week-long meditation and yoga course in the island of Koh Phangan . despite an 18-hour journey on the flawless Singapore airlines, she arrived in Phuket excited about recapturing her zen .
the Eagles Palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki . the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool .
police officers spotted the famous car travelling between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning . they joked that the car had a 'leaking flux capacitor' from the 1980s movie . the classic car is hired out for promotional events, weddings and birthdays .
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn, north Wales . his tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished .
eastlancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar . there’s no better way to discover the island’s many beauty spots than walking . the cotswolds Olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by a local barrister .
Adam Barker is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work . company made £501,319 profit in year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46 . 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during dawn raid on his house . 1,675 images and videos depicting child pornography were discovered .
man jailed for life after fathering child with his own daughter . he raped her repeatedly from when she was just 10 years old . his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her . as she watched her abuser being led away from dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'i love you and miss you'
chip shop worker jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a cafe . she was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse' she was walking to her GPs when a man told her to walk around a hole . as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards . a worker from the marrakech express cafe then came to the rescue 
Eva Chapin, 34, from west Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail . she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . the qualified nurse referred to the residents as 'n*****' but wrote: 'i am not racist' one of the notes read 'apes were never meant to drive so stop'
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was killed as he went to work in Guatemala City . he was riding in a pickup truck when two suspected gang members opened fire . cuyun's companion, social welfare official abimael rodas Palacios, 42, was injured . two AK-47s and two grenades were recovered from the scene .
programmer has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess . heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose . pictures were created using programmer's Morph Thing application .
the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the agent's car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites . police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using momentum from another vehicle to break the case free from the lock . the agent also reported that his gear bag, backpack, and
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter, Rowyn, in the driveway of her home in Tenino, Washington, in September last year . Cassie was in her car picking up her son for preschool when she accidentally ran over the little girl with her car . 'i think more so than blaming the other person we blame ourselves,' she said . the women helped each other deal with the tragedy together . they planted a memorial garden at their home to honor Rowyn and the place she
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . governor hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill . the bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders and subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service .
vandal demolished front window of estate agents during 'wholly peaceful' protest . he then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' on their housing ads . police confirmed one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage . event organised by the 'reclaim' group in south london was attended by thousands . one of event's organisers denounced violent actions of 'one idiot'
property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life . corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall . her husband had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent . Nicole Phillips, 45, from hastings in east Sussex, charged with perverting course of justice .
mohammad Ali Akhtar was only on his second shift when the raider stormed in . thief brandished a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till . shopkeeper bravely tackled the robber before he was stabbed in the ear . the father-of-three had 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand .
physicist has suggested space lasers could be used to power homes . but he hasn't ruled out the possibility of someone using them for weapons . he is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . satellites will orbit earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest sunlight . the energy it creates can then be shot back down to earth .
student demonstrators who walked on an american flag sparked a countermovement, prompting a south Georgia university to cancel classes . a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an American flag from demonstrators . at the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . she later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students .
scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee . their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects .
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of blue shield, is accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with his girlfriend . the health insurance firm claims that at one event bankrolled by his card she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media . 'employees were embarrassed', according to a lawsuit filed by the company .
a judge has ruled the plate was a reference to the 1982 falklands war . the BBC claimed it was an 'unhappy coincidence' but the judge slammed their actions as 'arrogant' and 'disrespectful' .
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd . they were challenged to cook judges a three-course meal in three hours . final follows seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table'
he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid, the only current Asian tory seen as potential contender .
the mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton . built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation . it is a two-minute walk from the station, which has services to London Liverpool Street .
women's rights activist's sandals remained in footwell of driver's seat . exterior of white vehicle was stained with her blood . investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing . friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination .
police said they received a phone call from someone saying they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatened to blow up the administration building . the university had issued a statement advising students at its north Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place . 'Armed subject reported near admin building,' the school said in a campus alert .
computer glitch affected registers at 8,000 Starbucks stores in the us and canada . baristas gave away free coffee and baked goods to customers . stores expected to open for 'business as usual' on saturday .
a group of far-right supporters called themselves the east Kent english patriots . they were seen at a Ukip event in south Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage . the row started after the group drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group .
an australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video . he calls on foreign doctors to help launch the Islamic State health service . the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group .
the 65-year-old athlete won gold in the men's decathlon in 1976 . since then, he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple . he is now sporting manicures and ponytails, and is a favorite topic of tabloid speculation .
'naughty Nicola' depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress and whip in hand . but she is 'tickled' by image, so much so it is said to grace wall of home . it is believed she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell . he is credited with transforming her from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman .
Lindsay Sandiford is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine . the 58-year-old has told friends she 'wants to get it over with' her friend, australian drugs gang leader Andrew Chan, is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on Indonesia’s ‘Execution Island’, Nusa Kambangan . Indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015 .
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack . the army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province .
a group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app Snapchat . in the latest video from the Elders React series on the theFineBros YouTube channel, the elders are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies . many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, but they still can't wrap their heads around the point of it .
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings . the service was held at the southeastern tip of the peninsula, near the turkish town of koznia . a defence force chief told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore .
geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . his sons, Anthony and Ian, have overhauled their father's health and crucially, his attitude . two years after that tantrum in the supermarket, geoff is a man transformed .
the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers . hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it .
a team at NBC is looking at stories he's told about the arab spring . a february 2011 interview he gave to NBC's Jon Stewart is being looked at . there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during the uprising .
former prime minister said Nicola Sturgeon's answers are 'all evasion' but he said the party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster . urged 'patriotic' scots to vote labour to end bedroom tax and zero-hours contracts .
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana . after an argument broke out at the home, the girl said, Garcia took her to a neighboring county, where he
police confirmed that Hannah Wilson's body was found on friday in the rural area of Needmore, Indiana, which is about an hour drive outside Bloomington . Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene . she was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU .
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, a mysterious ancient city that was once the largest in the . Americas . earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years . if gomez is right, it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in the city .
the queen's wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340million . she placed 302nd on the list with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year . but her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen .
mother-of-two, 40, revealed identity as escort Samantha X on tv . said she received 'vitriol' from 'better' mothers who thought her role in society was awful and expected her children to 'endure a life of misery' in new book, hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort, she said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media . 'the people who loved me knew who i was
nine-gram robots can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . another robot - nicknamed Tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites .
alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the u.s. showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident dorotea Garcia .
constellation bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin from sir David and sir Frederick barclay . it is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion . hotels are latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country .
susie Clark, of Evening Shade, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband . the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year .
gable tostee, 29, was on bail for alleged murder of warriena Tagpuno Wright . he was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase . the 29-year-old drove two passengers home to the gold coast from a music festival . police deployed road spikes in an effort to stop him travelling 200 kilometres an hour . tostere continued to drive on the car's rims until the chase came to an end .
the patient is being treated in the royal Victoria hospital, Belfast . they are being tested for a number of diseases including rabies . the results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to publish 'inappropriate' tweets on the day of the centenary services . he mocked the Digger's bravery and accused them of committing war crimes . the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyer . social media users claimed that the comments were offensive and 'un-Australian'
the 26-year-old surfer was attacked by a 'monster' shark on south australia's west coast . he is currently fighting for his life in hospital after being airlifted to hospital with life-threatening injuries . witnesses said a six-metre great white shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw .
laTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday . her partner, 23-year-old Steve O'Shaughnessy, sent pictures of the bodies to the children's father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself . police found the six-month-old baby girl he shared with gosling alive and unharmed .
sweet cakes by Melissa, in the Portland suburb of Gresham, was found guilty earlier this year of discriminating against a lesbian couple . the Kleins refused to make them a wedding cake for two years ago because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons . they were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service .
a woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east . the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters following the storms . it was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm on saturday .
ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift after getting caught in storm . eventually radioed for help and was rescued - but now he is missing again . his sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him . they were clinging to a life ring to survive, and were rescued by rescuers . coast guard officials are still searching for him, but he has not been seen since .
18-year-old Xie Xu met his classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou . Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle and makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . he carried his friend around the school's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes .
the 33-year-old outfielder has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February . he filed for divorce from his wife, real housewives of orange county star Katie Hamilton in late february . the angels are willing to pay almost $70million for him to play in texas .
violent robber is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies . but he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his prison cell . former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs .
police seized a package with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL addressed to Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to senator Thad Cochran (R-MS) pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year . he is charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and importing a controlled substance .
the 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer . passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors . 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies — window-sized LED screens showing real-time footage .
he is the son of a biochemist from the scottish borders . his £70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names . but many people, unless they follow the charts, will never have heard of him .
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city . the 32-year-old spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings . he documents his work to his Instagram, which has over 50,000 followers .
dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford . the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd . she was taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a pub with . her body was discovered with 'massive injuries' on friday afternoon . police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect .
prime minister urged an audience to support west ham during speech . he said: 'this is a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place' . but he didn't correct himself until he was asked about the error afterwards .
eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE . the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . if all goes to plan, the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing of the hospital .
coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the range' many drinkers have been left baffled by the red tops associated with regular Coke . fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes .
four members of the Kansas City Royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl . six of the players drew suspensions . the Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece .
labour leader accused of plunging election campaign to a 'new low' by 'weaponising dead migrants' . senior conservatives claim he was effectively 'accusing the pm of murder' lib dem leader accuses labour of 'astonishing hypocrisy' over Mediterranean tragedy .
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia . the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit . he was 'screaming and begging' for help in his final
the Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson next summer . the mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced . it will be the first of many new floating resorts to be built this year .
'if we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' says editor . 'thankfully she didn't win the role model category, she won the social media category,' she says . but she says the award won't be taken off her despite her admission of lying about her cancers .
deputy of disgraced former mayor appears to blame vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism' he insists there is deep-rooted racism within east London borough of tower hamlets . comments at odds with devastating legal ruling condemning his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud .
grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found choked to death in her home last week . her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder . he is accused of abducting and murdering her and then fleeing the scene . the university of maryland student's parents, Melissa and Thomas, paid tribute to their daughter in a brief interview .
tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week . a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has gained them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female . officials from the united states and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point lighthouse in Luce County in the upper peninsula . they were visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south on april 11 . the sisters wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s, and they also turned snow into water .
the avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of climbers . a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from . the identities of those who died have not yet been released .
the girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert . the mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate . a judge ruled that while the singer may have some suggestive moves and lyrics, she's an artist
'i've always been on the more conservative side' when he was asked about LGBT issues . 'he actually was the first one to say the actual word transgender, I will certainly give him credit for that,' he said . the 65-year-old also said he still considers himself a heterosexual and discussed his faith .
steelcase's the Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $2,700 .
Steven Davis, 57, believes his sister, Debra, was murdered by whitey 'whitey' Bulger in 1981 . he and his family are upset that people are profiting from their tragedy . the movie is starring Johnny depp and will be released in september .
kangaroos are known to grow up as big as 1.8 metres tall . their owners let them give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets . nine months on, the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family .
crowds who turned out for the anzac day memorial service have been left fuming after the club played loud dance music during the minute's silence . a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have turned the music on . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions .
german Chancellor demands a new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . the call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean, where hundreds have died trying to get from northern Africa to Italy .
study found children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents are distracted by texting or talking on the phone . researchers observed parents with children aged 18 months to five years old at playgrounds in new york . children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely .
father-of-two received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week . apologised for family's 'recent bereavement' and said officials needed to sort out whether he had paid enough - or too much - tax .
senator and professional poker player were playing 'liar's poker' - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . the goal of the game, according to Investopedia.com, is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial number .
monkey eyeballs teenager as he gives it the middle finger . monkey responds by throwing itself at the teenager . he walked away unharmed but sat in shock for several moments .
the man, identified as 24-year-old Felix David, was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident . he was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions .
bus ploughed into the engine of a Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 jet . damage on the vehicle is clear, although it is unknown if the engine was damaged or if anyone was injured . it's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Dublin airport .
the two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time . the names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin .
teacher kissed 15-year-old after class and groped her in his car . the pair met because shorter was her Maths teacher at convicted sex offender's former school in hersham, Surrey . court heard the girl had not wanted a sexual relationship with shorter . but there was 'ostensible consent' in one of the instances in question .
almost every village in the mountains has at least one choir, and their own variation of traditional dress . despite much trawling on the internet, i couldn’t find a package on the right dates . instead i combined a group walking tour with an independent excursion of my own .
at his lowest point in the 1980s, Bruce Jenner wanted to flee to Europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to America as his children's Aunt Heather . that was around the time his young sons asked their mother why their father had breasts . he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children . they fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son, Brandon, and a few years later
a european arrest warrant has been issued for paedophile author, 70 . he failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced . shearing was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail . but he crossed the channel and booked himself into a hotel in Paris . moved to a second and third hotel to stay one step ahead of the police .
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated campaign . the day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park corner . later the queen led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall . princes charles and harry were in turkey with prince philip .
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1sth Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service . they are both members of the 12th Missile Squadron at the 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force
rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge at liverpool . he is set for his third season without a trophy after losing to aston villa . the england boss has signed 22 players but only seven of them have been successful .
Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing . he punched 79-year-old as he helped children cross road to get to school . left him with broken rib and punctured lung after attacking lollipop man .
sian Harkin, 54, abused position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000 . she claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn primary school in porth . but the proposed work was never ratified by governors and was never carried out . instead, work was carried out in her home in Pontypridd, wales .
to celebrate the 10th birthday of the Football League Awards, a team celebrating the best players from below the second and fourth tier of english football has been put together . the world's most expensive footballer and real madrid star gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the 2nd and 4th tier . seven current premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league .
Luke Shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag . the left back has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks . he was left out of the team by louis van gaal after a minor back injury .
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of her GCSE oral exam . her teacher Lorette Esteve advised her to bring her pet labrador to school . she said: 'having Holly with me really settled my nerves'
capital one first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers . follows announcement of an EU cap limiting fees for processing payments . financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit .
single mother Adriana Alvarez, 22, has revealed what it's really like to live on McDonald's wages, where she makes only $10.50 an hour . she says even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for the fast food chain for five years . alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize .
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for the home side after just 3 minutes . steve mcclaren equalised for blackpool with a curling effort from a corner . tom ince scored his first goal for the championship side since leaving in january .
choirmaster at private school took student's virginity months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher, a court heard . the 24-year-old had consensual sex with the student in his office . after the incident he said to her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day' he was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity
phones4u founder bought the audley street garage in central london for £155m . he plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex . new block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses and a mews home . but it could face trouble getting planning permission as VIP neighbours may object .
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich in the eighth minute . defender Freddie Skuse doubled the lead with a 30-yard effort . daryl Murphy added a third in the 90th minute to wrap up the win .
west brom chairman Jeremy Peace wants between £150million and £200million . groups from the u.s., australia and the far east are believed to be interested . manager Tony Pulis has been assured deal will be done by July .
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to reach 92 points in the football league . James Tavernier opened the scoring with a brace . Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also on target .
west brom chairman Jeremy peace is open to offers for the club . the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league . Pulis insists he has been told any takeover will not drag on .
senior coroner for central lincolnshire ruled in damning report . he said junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unorthodox' way . also said senior managers tried to remove fact forcep was used from account .
visitors who venture onto or too close to North Sentinel Island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe . the indigenous Sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 . they have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions . despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years, very little is known about the tribespeople .
trials show drug plus chemotherapy gives women around four months’ extra life . each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from Avastin, costing £3,370 for a month’s treatment .
scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface . this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares . when the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified .
the advert features a toned model posing with the slogan ‘Are you beach body ready?’ . the company is facing a massive backlash over its 'body shaming' campaign . more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed .
Philip Gigante's grandfather was head of the Genovese crime family . he was elected into the positions by residents of airmont, which has a population of around 9,000 . the Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job .
dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou, Spain . the 21-year-old fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3 . she was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago . authorities initially said the fall, from a fourth floor balcony at Hotel Jaime 1, was a suicide bid . a goFundMe page has since
the package was sent almost 2000kms away to Chullora in New South Wales . it was picked up from the sender in Nathan, Queensland, on Monday, April 20 . the next day it was sent all the way back to Queensland, and was processed at a facility in Underwood .
police ran over three-year-old ginger tom Harry near his home in Normanton, Derby . but a neighbour reported the incident and police coldly told the family . the incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire police's professional standards department . 'what has happened is absolutely disgusting,' says father, 42 .
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p .m . more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay . 'it's been a very tragic day,' said dauphin island mayor Jeff Collier .
eight-minute video shows jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughour . the city was captured by a terrorist alliance comprising al-Qaeda affiliates al-Nusra, who released the video, and other groups of Islamist militants . just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city .
the 77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital . he was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children . instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip . comes four months after he wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent . in it he expressed no remorse for killings, saying 'there's no turnaround of inmates'
move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported . the SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde . other options for a new home for the nuclear deterrent include Falmouth .
planners in the royal borough have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart . the latest will open on the site of the former HSBC branch, which closed last year amid protests . it means there will be two Costas just a five-minute walk apart, plus the Costa Express at a petrol station between them .
new guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s . they also urge younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions to ask if they want doctors to try to resuscitate them . doctors say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly .
the 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April . the due date was initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week . she plans to give birth at St Mary's hospital in paddington, central london .
former army colonel Perry Clawson pictured outside university of florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in gainesville . he proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to the middle east . one veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from balconies . another veteran, whose son lost both legs in an IED explosion, said students hurled beer bottles at attendees .
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in Alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache . but after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter . instead, employees assured her that she could bring her baby to the facility - but midway through the appointment, Attley started to create a fuss . the hy
Simon Wood, 38, from oldham, won masterchef last Friday . he hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson . everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt from watching tv .
the pair clashed on the bbc's Andrew marr show this morning . the row quickly descended into a furious shouting match . but the labour leader laughed off the attack, saying: 'come on Boris, you're better'
former FBI director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last summer near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont . current FBI director James Comey and Vermont senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week . they say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene . it's believed that 
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome hospitalised in england . but actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater . research by the world health organisation suggests one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems .
the 30,000 sq ft mansion is spread across three acres in affluent neighborhood . it features a two-story chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . a private glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box is just steps away .
six dancers filmed twerking in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument . two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days . another dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 . mayor of the city of Novorossiysk personally charged officials .
'when I'm mad, my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting,' says one child . 'my brain slows down and then I feel more calm, and then i'm ready to speak,' explains another .
estate agents offering higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for same property . labour leader has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the NHS . homeowners with properties worth between £2million and £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax .
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet . took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget . huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a 'meeting tower' on stilts in the atrium .
chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage . but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day . a single dose of the drug, known as SFX-01, is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot . the 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down . she organised a payment plan with 'the Bridal Centre' and started paying in February . 'i had dreamt about this princess dress since i was a little girl,' she said .
a man sought on a $100,000 warrant unsuccessfully used a motorhome to escape Alaska State Troopers in a high speed chase caught on video . 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . he was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief .
the prime minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion . he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying: 'Nothing matters more' yesterday, he defended campaign against criticism it is too narrow .
researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students . asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people . sober, tipsy and drunk were rated as the 'most attractive' . but too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions .
average briton eats four servings of cheese a week . three in ten office workers eat whole blocks of cheese in one sitting . one in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything .
anti-ageing expert believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks . shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on research instead .
Sydney couple set aside an evening once a month for mutual grooming . Sharon, 45, trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hair . her husband, 40, can wax her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin . he can also perform a Brazilian wax and can tint eyelashes .
first take anchor Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr's boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history . when co-host Cari Champion said she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman, he said she 'should feel that way' . he also questioned how mayweather is being portrayed in the media .
the prime minister said the snp would prop up a minority labour administration . he said it would be a 'disaster' and bring forward the government's dream of independence . but lib dem cabinet minster accused him of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling . warnings came as polls indicated the general election race was still neck and neck .
12 per cent of people think the child should be named after William's mother . Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent each . if the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James .
the 41-year-old mother-of-two has won the marathon three times . she will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award . the marathon will take place in the capital on sunday .
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection . nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons . the turquoise ball gown the teen had gotten an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown .
lib dem candidate lives in three-way relationship with two canvassers . miss O'Connell used to be a man, while her two lovers were a straight married couple . they now live together in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge .
after five customers reported having 'thermal incidents', Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately . this latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 .
oil painting was kept in attic for years and thought to be worth just £300 . but after advertising sale, interest in the work took off and it sold for £120,000 . it was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco . painting measures nine inches by seven and is untitled, undated and unsigned .
the yellow protein world ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' the sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . a change.org petition started, general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers .
professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney opera house as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge university . he was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer Zayn leaving the boy band . the legendary physicist joked that in another universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction' .
red is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you . we asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t .
a strongsville, ohio, woman was cited for leaving her dog in a hot car . the officer told her to sit inside with the windows up and ignition off . in truth or consequences, new mexico, last year, the woman was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation .
orphaned chimp was found cowering in box terrified of animal traffickers . the three-year-old had been kept in the box for two weeks by illegal traders . they had been trying to find a buyer on lucrative black market in west africa . men were caught trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea .
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until may 11 . those planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund . the company confirmed their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe .
a man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week . that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest . the driver, 29-year-old Terry Proctor of Piedmont, did not stop, leading to a pursuit .
police say ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, was killed by her ex-husband, 46-year-old David Watson, during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter . detectives say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as Linda's mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003 . three years later, cox and her neighbor were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson’s home . 'it just goes to show you that the men and women of this department
pm was giving campaign speech in south London when he joked everyone should back his team – but then named westham instead of the west Midlands giants . he said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'it was just one of those things' labour said the gaffe exposed the pm as a 'phoney'
'i suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast,' says nicolas sturgeon . labour leader insists he will not enter into any deal with the snp after election . comes after he told bbc1's Andrew marr show he was 'not interested in deals' . 'if it is a labour government it will be a Labour queen's speech,' she said .
Freddie was born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in bénidorm . his mother, Karla Hornby, thought she was going to die when she went into labour . she was taken to hospital but doctors found she was already 2cm dilated . couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for three months . but their partner, a soldier in the army's royal logistics corps, is due back tomorrow .
Chris Blowes, 26, was attacked by what has been described as a 'massive monster' on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln national park . he is in a critical condition at the royal Adelaide hospital after losing a leg and a surfboard in its jaw . friends have begun to send their love and support to the surfer and his family on social media .
film crew were just off new Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . the six metre great white used its strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously . images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food .
ukip leader is suffering from recurring spinal injury and is on medication . he has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win . but party's deputy chairman played down his medical problems . she is seen as rising star and has been increasingly tipped as his successor .
the Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5miles in length . the hotel's heated swimming pool is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice .
the 27-year-old studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of America's deadliest mass shootings . if the 12 final jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide that Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital .
a Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america . it is believed the large shorebird was last seen in the uk in 1988 . over the weekend, more than 1,000 twitchers travelled to the water's edge .
a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred in australia, passing through every few years . this type of storm is also known as an extratropical cyclone . a combination of hail and water pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC day .
the FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS . intercepted communication led officials to believe that a plot could be under way . officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation .
the 26-year-old is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model . he has been collecting watches since he was 16 years old . his most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase .
the prime minister faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far . but he pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs . insisted the economy 'excites' millions of people and will campaign on 'more jobs, more homes, more business, more childcare'
veteran presenter has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show . he blamed presenters' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars . the 66-year-old said: 'it is no wonder the Chart Show is a complete failure'
your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ‘brain sex’ — the way your brain reflects your gender . men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs .
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had 'a problem with race' . came after he made remarks about 'fully black' and 'half black' supporters . comes after national front members turned up to campaign for him . a group of far-right supporters called themselves the east Kent english patriots .
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation' . he did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version . new versions are thought to aim at a lower cost, longer battery life and improved sound quality .
more than 1,000 passengers form 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside the building late last night . many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to india . others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled .
a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster . but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents . a 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in California, but has killed at least 1,900 in Nepal .
the body of 22-year-old Chelsea Bruck was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks . the medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is bruck's . she was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where her body was discovered on friday .
abby Lubiewski was born with hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs . when she received her daughter's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained and said it was because Abby 'couldn't see'
Danny Nickerson, 6, of Massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013 . his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined . on friday, his mother, carley, wrote that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18-month battle'
two-year-old Tommy Cox from colchester, Essex, looks very similar to prince . his mother - whose name is also Kate - is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince's lookalike .
in ancient times, the word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man . the island was a notorious sexual playground for straight men . in a new documentary, former apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that lesbos was the magaluf of its day .
7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the capital yesterday morning . buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below . more than 2,500 people died in the quake . avalanches on mount everest left climbers dead .
dozens of girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year . they have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State . some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors . doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries .
Sarah, 36, and mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of conceiving naturally despite being told they'd never conceive naturally . but last September they defied doctors to have their daughter, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz .
the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historic area of The Rocks . it is one of two freestanding properties in the new southwales government's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb . the heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain george Grimes in 1843 . a row of early 1840s terraces depict
a second person is dead after a body is found in Alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near Mobile Bay on Saturday . authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta . not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities . coast guard capt. Duke Walker said ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm .
mara Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail on friday night . she was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child .
australia's most notorious serial killer, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, according to a new report . his brother, Boris, confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim . 'ivan shot him - he told me the next day,' he said, despite police never considering him a suspect . the 'wrong man' was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars .
Anais Zanotti, 30, is a glamour model and freestyle skydiving instructor . the french-born model has skydived more than 1,350 times . she has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim .
invitations to the service at St Paul's cathedral say it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 . but the move has been criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
the works were taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in 2010 . 18 paintings were taken along with a bronze statue and silver bowl . the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new southwales . they have now been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession .
63-year-old charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . accused of raping two girls aged six and three in a caravan in 1987 . police are expected to lay more charges against him and his alleged involvement in paedophile ring .
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . his now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages . he claims he was trying to save his daughter from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home in march 2014 .
megan sheehan, of San Francisco, was arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. Patrick's day of 2014 . she claims that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and Oakland police conflict with what police say happened - that she was guided to the ground after 'violently punching' she suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth and is still recovering from the attack .
Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of ANZAC day on twitter . he called it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused australian Diggers of committing war crimes including 'widespread rape and theft' . the broadcaster has sacked the football reporter with immediate effect .
'King James' hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, on Saturday . after the shot went through the hoop with an audible swish, 'king James' said: 'Give me my money'
the comedian was famous for her portrayal of 'Girl You Wish You Hadn't Started a Conversation With at a Party' at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom' she poked fun at both the president and police brutality during her 20-minute speech .
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on charges of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant . the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in Vancouver . she hid herself from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt, according to police .
in a documentary aired today on state-owned Rossiya-1 TV channel, he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services . said he raised the issue with then-US president George W. bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question . but he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their american counterparts, which said they
when Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old, his mother abandoned him behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989 . he heard a 'very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster, but after moving some trash he discovered his infant body . though his adoptive parents initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, they beat him to it . the two met for the first time since the incident last week and
thousands of years of erosion, explosions and folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world . from sweeping curves of Arizona's The Wave in the U.S. to the Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia, the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features .
Katia Apalategui's mother lost her husband by clinging to his pillowcase . she came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's scent . her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers in mourning . but the 'made-to-measure' perfumes will be rather expensive .
four-year-old had his toy gun packed in his hand luggage for flight to Lanzarote . but security officers took exception to his harmless toy when it was picked up . they demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down . the boy's father described the security checks as 'ludicrous' .
a survation poll for the mail on sunday shows a swing towards the tories . fears of a Nicola Sturgeon ruled country are pushing voters towards farage . the poll suggests that the conservatives are ahead of labour by three points .
police were called to a home in bear, Delaware, early on thursday morning . they found 37-year-old Adeyinka Adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . the couple had been married for more than ten years . she told police he physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria over christmas .
courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer aged 19 . she had planned to marry childhood sweetheart in seven months' time . but her condition has worsened and she has had to bring it forward . her friends and family are now furiously fundraising for a dream wedding .
a young man thought to be an Adelaide Power fan taunted the hawthorn coach . he yelled 'how was the win brother? Goooo the power!' in the video . it's understood the pair had been goading Clarkson in the lead-up .
Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket after leaving green supercar . traffic warden recognized him immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes . the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the car . he spent 15 minutes inspecting a black Ferrari as if he had an interest in buying it .
after a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards . a reported attendance of 36,757 were told they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police . outside, protesters kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear . violence continued into the evening when police commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse .
a brave hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in the depths of Zimbabwe's Hwange national park . the three-year-old big cats were attempting to hunt the much larger mammal in the reserve . as they approached the animal, it tries to scare them off before turning around and charging towards them . researcher Brent Stapelkamp caught the dramatic altercation on camera . he said: 'this incident was probably their first attempt at self-
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand . his act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who took a picture . it has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people . college student says he is 'blown away' by the reaction to the act .
man in his 20s suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car . he remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free .
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on friday morning . she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene . the 58-year-old was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator .
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save in Kings Norton, Birmingham . 35-year-old walked into police station and said: 'please arrest me' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery .
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox . 'it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products,' said miss James .
amira Abase, 15, left with Shamima Begum, 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in february . she is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa . now, she has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State . tweet shows a western-style takeaway dinner of fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat . 'uh wanna behead some kafirs [non-muslims] now
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000 . will have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government . a reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten buyers . labour claims tax break would be funded by further squeeze on tax avoidance .
family of Tracey Woodford, 47, described her as 'very kind-hearted' and 'selfless' her body was discovered with 'massive injuries' at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales . suspect Christopher may, 50, will appear at magistrates' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of the woman .
'i've given it a lot of thought and have decided to go for it,' he said . he will be a 'Martin Bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate . the 64-year-old won a high court victory to kick out the crooked mayor of tower hamlets last week .
phones4u founder says visitors have felt bed vibrate and ghost brushing past . 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire is 'being haunted' by boy who died in 17th century conflict . businessman sold off phones 4u in 2006 for £1.4billion .
alleged victims could bring civil claims against the 86-year-old politician . he is accused of sexually assaulting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s . his family have been told he will not face child abuse charges . but he could still face civil action from complainants, a lawyer has said .
the two-hour documentary follows a canalboat as it pootles its way along a stretch of the Kennet and Avon canal . there is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear is the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong . the full two hours is shot continuously from the same high-definition equipment used to shoot the action-packed skyfall .
Maura Pally defended the foundation's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency . she said the foundation expected to refile some of its tax forms, following a voluntary external review, because it had 'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations . a watchdog said that the charity seemed like a 'slush fund' for one of the country's most powerful political families .
at least 17 climbers, including three americans, and many sherpas died in avalanche . some managed to survive, but others are still waiting to be rescued . one doctor told him: 'don’t worry, you are just comforting these people' .
policeman Luke Stanwick, 30, broke his neck while on holiday in Portugal . he was left paralysed from the waist down and may never walk again . his wife and two-year-old son, Nathan, said: 'he is my rock, my hero and most of all the man I adore without question'
the Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range . it also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report . firearm is used by counter-terror police across the country .
labour's plans to cap rents are 'economically illiterate' and will slash investment in new housing, experts warn . he said rent controls would give millions of 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices . but campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes' and may make tenants' lives worse .
waitress claims footballer grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top . the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident . she later told police that the £55,000-a-week winger had left her bruised .
study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others . findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe, partly blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the concentration camp . today, seventy years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . german president said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death in a hallway at a Connecticut school on the day of her prom last year . hundreds of people gathered to remember her with a road race, fried food and live music . a classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with her murder .
police ignored abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff . offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government . it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south Yorkshire police .
when prince George's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on twitter . news of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham palace . the birth announcement was first announced in an emailed press release .
last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches . but there's another example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time . life & style investigates the best smartwatches for beginners .
the Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and obscure . the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day of Disneyland, California .
art sleuth Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine stolen paintings . they included works by Chagall and Rivera stolen from an LA mansion . he is representing the heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise .
68-year-old accuses Nicola, 48, of duping him about the paternity of her son . claims she had sex with another man months into their marriage but did not tell him . he claims he suffered loss and damages and wants £322,400 compensation .
a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home on sunday afternoon for a wake for Freddie Gray . the 25-year-old black man died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died while in police custody .
a national counterterrorism center advisory group, ordered by the white house, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy . the group interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters . officials from president Barack Obama's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son .
prime minister has asked first great western to 'urgently review' plans . fares on the route between London and the cotswolds will almost double . passengers can currently purchase an off-peak return to London costing £33.30 . but they will have to pay £62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains .
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials . detectives searched her Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries .
presenter reveals how close she came to suicide after divorce from first husband . the 57-year-old had her first experience of depression as a child . she has suffered attacks throughout her adult life . met second husband TV chef Phil Vickery on Ready, Steady, Cook .
seven women believed they were in a relationship with a man living in the same state found out they had been catfished by a woman named Kayla . the women had a chance to confront the woman on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on friday . in the episode she apologizes to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon .
investigators have been poring over newsman's past reports and statements . they have been hunting down signs of dishonesty after he was booted from the top job in television news . he 'lied about being on chopper hit by rocket-propelled grenade over Iraq' further scrutiny of his record turned up questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the french Quarter during hurricane katrina .
trio told to pay back cash 11 months ago after 'investment' scheme was ruled invalid . it is understood they are dealing directly with taxman but have yet to stump up cash . taxpayers' alliance criticises the delay, saying: 'we desperately need to simplify the tax code to get rid of loopholes'
australian historian has drawn a parallel between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome - when the city was at its most powerful . but over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise . he says we are now see that politics is becoming much more about individuals rather than political parties .
a self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among latest gizmos . gadgets include a machine that makes 'shushing' sounds to 'break cycle of crying' and biodegradable nappies which don't clog up landfill . pippa middleton is said to have invested in £4-a-piece mull-cloth nappies for her sister the Duchess of Cambridge .
the 38-year-old actor says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew . he hasn't dated in four years and is focusing on resurrecting his acting career . the actor is also the face of the new dolce & gabbana fragrance Intenso .
al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist, including 'Jihadi John' the extremist cleric lives in a leafy west London street and cannot be deported because of his human rights . security services are now investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell of which he was a part . he has also been linked to Adel abdel bari, another al-Qaeda operative .
one of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time, went for £25,000 . the other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz, sold for £10,000 . it is thought that after filming was over the studio - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer - sold off the paintings .
the supreme court's oral arguments on gay marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes . a ruling is due by the end of the year . public opinion polls over the last decade have shown large increases in support for gay marriage .
the Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts at Evolve . it is 95% complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (11.6 metres) high and 4.6ft wide . the fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher Ray Novakovich in Glendive, Montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur's horns .
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week . she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke . decided to lose weight and quit smoking and slimmed down to a size 12 . now weighs 12st and is 'proof that you can succeed', she said .
corinthian was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions . collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations . closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of u.s. higher education .
geoff haigh, 61, wanted to marry his partner of 26 years, Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer . the couple settled on a venue close to their home but a number of blunders thwarted their special day . guests were forced to listen to the song 'wonderful life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder . their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid .
scientists took CT scans of teeth found at Riparo Bombrini in western . Ligurian Alps and in the Grotta di Fumane in western Lessini Mountains in . northern Italy . they found they belonged to modern humans from a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture . a debate has raged since they were discovered in 1976 and later in 1992 .
four-year-old RJ Jackson suffers Netherton's syndrome . his skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin . he is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers the rare disease .
53-year-old convicted of 78 offences can't be deported because he is an alcoholic . he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal . judge ruled it would breach his human rights . his case is estimated to have cost taxpayers six-figure sum .
the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services . pickard, America's oldest fine china company, has been in business since 1893 .
photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road to 103 countries on four continents . for his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent a year travelling around the world to capture amazing images . the images are part of an exhibition at new york's Foto-Care Gallery .
research has revealed that the average cost of a christening has hit £300 . in response, asda has created a budget range of outfits for the royal baby . gowns and rompers cost £15, allowing mothers to buy a traditional outfit for a fraction of the price . a full outfit for the baby's big day costs just £20 at the supermarket .
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss . the user passive-aggressively vents frustration and discontent with the company policies . they apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and subsequent doctor's appointments .
the woman was allegedly kidnapped in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, on tuesday . she told a dispatcher she'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her . 'i went to get some dinner...and someone came up to me and he had a gun,' she said .
a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside . she only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake . by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain . the neurosurgeon was forced to use basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle .
the image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria . it shows a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate . the image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda .
yoga student, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week . but she has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in the uk . many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well . there are still several dozen travellers who have not been found since the disaster on Saturday morning .
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air . with jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world . Located in the longgang national geological park in south-west china, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’ .
Sophie Wilson performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after finding him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in willenhall, in coventry . the 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham children's hospital in a coma . his mother, Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made 'miracle' recovery .
labour leader wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers for councils . site left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . institute of directors describes land grab as 'stalinist attack on property rights'
stark warning comes from retired four-star general and former chief of the NSA . 'the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. we are not prepared for that,' he said .
a death notice in a national newspaper read: 'bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73. Adored wife of John, devoted mother of alec and hereward, mother-in-law of Peta-Jane, grandmother of Finn and Alexa' the broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter' but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer condolences .
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married one of the bombers, spoke at a court in the city today . her words came as jurors decide whether Tamerlan's brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . defense lawyers have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was forced into the killings by his elder sibling .
the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests . he told his sister 'fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities' . the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother, the richest person in australia .
the legal writing professor, who earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School, said she was 'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done . 'some people were calling for my job and law license,' she wrote in a column for the washington post . the university conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found that McElroy had not violated the university's sexual harassment and misconduct policy .
Jeremy Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon . the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man on friday in west lake, los angeles . victim identified his attacker as 'Hobie' from the hit show . he has not addressed the arrest on social media .
chief executive of europe’s largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper . he said its average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year . it would be a €6 (£4) decrease from Ryanair’s current average ticket price .
myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting . his brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the president to call off the firing squad . a haunting self-portrait was painted by the artist in his death row cell . it comes after it was confirmed that australians Andrew Chan and Sukumarran will be executed just past the stroke of midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas . the amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets catering to families .
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal . after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon .
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father, David, 56, were shot dead at their home in Metairie, new orleans, on tuesday night . they had been celebrating a football game in their garage, or 'man cave' moments before midnight . police believe it was a botched burglary . a friend, 18, and a woman, 18, have been charged in connection with the killings .
the duchess of gotland looked out of sorts during a visit to the Vatican . she was cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother, princess Madeleine . madeleine, 32, is six months pregnant with her second child .
Nursultan Nazarbayev won 97 per cent of the vote in the presidential election . the former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989 . he said it would have been 'undemocratic' for him to make his victory more modest . but international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll .
four-year-old was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939 . her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught . family accuse police of a 'cover-up' after officers ordered case file to be kept secret until 2040 . police said information could not be released because it is unfair .
the ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast . it was accompanied to Aberdeen where a full search was carried out . the value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity .
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda . he managed to smuggle to the west 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state . now he has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates early next month following an investigation by Cambridgeshire police .
teenager collin burns completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds . he shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record set by mats valk .
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy's girlfriend to school officials . the boy told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair . she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february .
celine bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - that she rather enjoys being a prostitute . 'i am embarrassed to be a sex worker, even though I like my job, I’m good at it, and I’ve made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years,' she wrote in a recent essay .
the original pig rassle tournament will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament . global conservation group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . the group also accused the church of being in violation of Wisconsin Chapter 951, Crimes Against Animals, which outlaws cockfighting, dog fighting and other similar fighting .
candidate joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find its way back' he also blasted labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' tuition fees policy . 'i don't like where we are', he told voters at university hustings .
party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support . lib dems are fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats . but a party source said if the party had a group of MPs numbering in the 30s it could potentially hold the balance of power .
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in their home town of Barry, south Wales . she was chosen to play to Julie, who in the show died from putrid throat . the 21-month-old won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital, where she was treated for pneumonia .
poll found less than 20 per cent of residents believe he should be put to death . 63 per cent in favour of a life sentence and just 15 per cent want death penalty . in the city of binghamton the figure falls to just 66 per cent arguing life is better .
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with lamorna cove in Cornwall in 1948 . she moved nearby and wrote a book about the beauty spot . but she has been banned after a stand-off with the landowner's son . he accused her of deliberately hitting his son, 36, with her car . the 81-year-old claims she had to wait to exit up the private road while he repaired it .
wife of broadcaster has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia . she was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday . joked everyone should back his team but named westham instead of villa . he admitted he couldn't explain but said it must have been because he had been past westham's famous Upton park ground the day before . it later emerged he actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter .
photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . the boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash .
nurse was told she had invasive grade three breast cancer in 2013 . doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients - and she'd never had the disease . she was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital .
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north Thurston high school in lacey, about 60 miles southwest of Seattle . teacher Brady Olson, 43, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived . the teenager, who has not been identified, only transferred to the high school a month ago .
Renee Bergeron, 38, from washington, photographs children with special needs as superheroes . for the superhero project, she dresses them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . her first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four, who was diagnosed with a rare heart defect at 18 months old .
one in ten cardholders, or 800,000 australians, also admit their credit card spending has led to an argument with a partner . the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . 25 per cent of Gen Y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases .
flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway in the red sea city of Hurghada . unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane . passenger said he punched a bus door and uttered threats . he was removed by an armed officer, causing a delay for passengers .
'we thought it was going to happen this year. I feel like we're close — but we’re definitely moving in the right direction,' she wrote in an op-ed in time magazine . 'i would like president Obama to use the word "genocide,"' she said . the reality star's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late .
Charlotte Briggs, 7, was refused place at Lydgate Junior school in Sheffield . mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus . council said school has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying . but she is now planning to appeal the decision made by the authority .
signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' . entrepreneur said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had 'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago .
Auckland coastguards receive unusual call out to a homemade boat race . the event saw a couch strapped to tyres and a floating Subaru car take to the water . one vessel capsized outside of the harbour, however no one was injured .
mass cremations taking place next to the bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital . around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones . scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls .
officer said he was appalled by the labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse . the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament . revelation comes amid fresh concerns about the Establishment cover-up of the labour grandee’s allegations of paedophilia .
'we may not be perfect - but we are determined,' the rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of 'stream of consciousness' messages . he said that there are 'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign' and that 'actions will speak louder than words' the rap mogul paid $56 million for the service in January and relaunched it in march .
avalanche ripped through tents with climbers still inside at 17,700ft (5,380m) britons among hundreds of climbers left stranded by tonnes of debris and ice . around 1,000 people, including 400 foreigners, believed to have been on mountain .
sergeant Edwin mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women . alleged attacks took place at army careers centre in Croydon, south london . one victim fell pregnant after mee raped her in a locked waiting room . an 18-year-old from Sierra Leone also claimed he sexually abused her .
stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in new york on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening . released in 1990, Goodfellows charts the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill over a period from 1955 to 1980 . stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance .
three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie lost a stone and a half on a new doggy diet of raw meat, offal and bones . his owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing the weight through the diet . they believe his weight problems stem from rewards during training .
former captain of the fictional Star Trek Enterprise, William Shatner, has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News . he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought disaster . the pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California . but the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by experts .
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in bath . he was in a taxi with girlfriend abigail noad when he jumped out of vehicle . taxi driver, 56, mistakenly thought he planned to 'do a runner' he continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump at more than 20mph . suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother 
the 4,000-year-old tree is 'looking extremely sick' according to its custodian . locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves . experts say it is 3,500 to 4,000 years old and is subject of myth and legend . the world's oldest tree lives on a mountain in central Sweden .
hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emmoji or can be combined with text . last month Instagram launched a standalone app called Layout . it has four main features called Faces, Mirroring, Photo Booth and Previews . users begin by selecting as many images to feature in a collage .
'they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality television,' a source told TMZ in a Monday report . 'he believes the docu-series will educate people and educate people about gender change,' the source added . the 65-year-old former olympic gold medalist's six biological children and four stepkids are 'proud' of the father figure .
the presets, made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes, published a series of posts on its Facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning . it came hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week . 'if you agree with murder, lack and compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read . fans were divided on the posts, with
border terrier was on a walk with her daughter when she fell over cliff . the eight-year-old survived a 100ft vertical drop before rolling 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom . coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her despite four hours of searching .
former primary school teacher Mary Cowan, 92, passed away in November last year . her will has now revealed that she had an estate worth nearly £2million . she has asked that £700,000 of her fortune be given to charities .
the presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10 . few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada . at the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker
lib dem leader sets out first of his 'red lines' for a second coalition . pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college' . but he is still determined to form coalition with either the tories or labour .
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . the 90-second video has already attracted three million views on youtube .
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, said he was 'awed' by the football player . he shipped his namesake a rifle and two handguns a month before killing . the 25-year-old was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole earlier this month .
an unregistered car was travelling along the Stuart Highway in Katherine . police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis . the man and woman were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House . they will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday .
maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights . the video, which has over 5,000 views on facebook, captures the dawn Anzac Day experience . 'it was serene, with the bird life abundant, a peaceful, calm, unhurried moment with the sound of the last post drifting along the water' .
Elena Klimova, 26, runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . she regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself . the activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
former secretary of state, 67, will be 44th president of the united states in 2017 . if she reaches her goal, she will be the country's first female president . she is also the second oldest, behind Ronald Reagan, to open the doors to the white house .
the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families . first-grader, seven, uses a series of kid-friendly cartoons to depict the process .
two boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand . locals Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . the couple, who were married last year and have three children between them, have been trying to claim the baby since they heard police were going to give her a 'destitute burial'
the 'millennium camera' will be mounted in a churchless steeple on a college campus . it will allow light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside . the camera will be placed on the Stearns Steeple in the university of california .
south Glasgow university hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad . the state-of-the-art building has been nicknamed the 'death star' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design . it replaces four ageing hospitals across the city, some of which date back to Victorian times .
nurse suspended in her absence by nursing and midwifery council . she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant Clarke . the 45-year-old suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012 . he was left paralysed on his life side, incontinent and unable to communicate .
french artist unveils 'projections' project in trendy silver lake neighborhood . he uses environmentally friendly limewash to paint entire building white . the so-called Bates motel has been closed for years .
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig with her car . when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on Saturday night, she was found dead . a white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner, which led to Calvin's arrest .
first minister said labour leader allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the tories . she said he had been 'bullied' into ruling out a coalition deal with the snp . ms sturgeon said she had not ruled out confidence and supply deal .
the couple tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains on sunday . Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt . she pinned her locks in place with an exquisite diamond slide as she carried an elegant floral bouquet .
survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on salt lake city, utah, on friday for nation's first ever PrepperCon . during two-day expo, they were shown underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food and tried out solar powered flashlights . also met actors from 'the walking dead', including addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in emergency preparedness food cook-off .
3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath is becoming more popular . experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .
81-year-old embraced former SS officer in court last week in extraordinary act of forgiveness . she called for prosecutions of former officers to end and faced criticism . co-plaintiffs suggested she should not have taken part in trial in germany . 'we cannot forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people,' they said .
scotland's first minister says labour leader will soon 'change his tune' insists he will not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP . but he refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation . critics say that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs .
mark Lawson, 44, was in pub for his christmas party in newbury, berkshire . he agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take chips from his plate . but when he started eating an onion ring, he was angered and stabbed . the knife drove into his thigh, causing a bloody wound nearly two inches deep .
deputies put out an alert for William Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . the 18-year-old was arrested at a hospital in antioch at 3pm . a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect .
the trawler was carrying 1,400 tonnes of viscous fuel oil when it caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11 . it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of the island three days later . the government activated a level 2 alert after analyzing ocean current data from Spain's oceanographic institute .
yellow advert for protein world features a model in a bikini with the question: 'are you beach body ready?' campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners . a change.org petition calling for the removal of the posters has now attracted more than 45,000 signatures . critics of the billboard, unhappy at the insinuation that only those who resemble the model, 24-year-old Renee Somerfield, have started a hashtag #
willem-Alexander celebrated his 48th birthday in the south-west of the country . he was joined by his wife Maxima and their three daughters: catharina-amalia, 11, and princesses Alexia, 9, and Ariane, 8 . the visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats .
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three . she landed her first book deal with her recipe collection at just 14 . her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works . the keen cook has plans to launch her own baking products .
pritesh, 36, and mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago . but they repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . they eventually became pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life . his sister hiral, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby . after IVF treatment, they gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after 20-minute
the body of Hannah Wilson was found in rural brown county, about 10 miles from the campus, on friday morning . police traced a cellphone found near her feet to 49-year-old Daniel Messel . he has been arrested on suspicion of her murder . friends said she was last seen at the same bar where Lauren Spierer, 20, went missing in 2011 .
a crowdfunding page launched by ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion . within an hour, the donation had vanished, and the couple still haven’t been able to track down the mystery pledger . despite the incident, the couple hope to reach the $15,000 goal .
mark Hawkins, 49, was holed up in greyhound-style bus in salem, oregon . barricaded himself in vehicle after being approached by police, who believed him to be wanted . seconds later, he 'fired weapon from front of vehicle, striking police dog' bullet struck police dog named Baco in head, prompting exchange of gunfire . hours later, SWAT officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at bus - but to no avail . they finally
Chancellor admits he is addicted to hit show starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson . vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged makers of series to choose the UK .
researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming due to man-made emissions . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades, humans will be responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events . global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880 . last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above 20th century averages .
before and after images show how the wave of snow, ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on Saturday . eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department .
labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration . hours before election speech, his own shadow home secretary refused four times to say labour would put a target on net migration . during labour's 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million .
the famed nine-storey structure has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists . dozens of people have been clambering around the rubble to take selfies in front of the wreckage . one rescuer said those taking pictures were not 'understanding the tragedy'
president enacted more stringent rules in 2013 to reduce risk of civilian casualties . he gave CIA exemption on providing proof intended targets of drone strikes posed imminent threat to the u.s. drone strike that killed two hostages, one of them an american, could have been postponed or even prevented entirely .
'it's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. it's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal,' she said . she said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck on Saturday . the scuba-diving instructor had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill .
on Sunday, 36,000 runners took to the streets of London for the 26.2 mile marathon . for one couple, these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows . Cancer Research UK runners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day . unfortunately Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago . by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far .
the touching words were written by 10-year-old autistic boy Tyrone Sevilla and delivered to immigration minister Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday . the poster simply said: 'Dear Mr Sutton, Can I stay in Australia please. Tyrone.' the single mother's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system' . this comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app Handy . they say presence of a cat and scent it leaves will often scare away rodents . amazon is now apparently offering a solution - by renting a goat .
researchers photographed faces and recorded voices of 42 women with average age of 24 . asked men to rate women's voices on attractiveness and another group of similar age to judge attractiveness of their faces . found women with attractive faces also tend to have attractive voices .
large swathes of north and central Texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-sized hail Sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . the storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area for the next several hours . there were also unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of forth worth .
awkward photos of the prime minister pulling young girls' ponytails are being posted on social media . this comes after he was forced to apologise to an Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work . reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page .
cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma in september last year . she and her mother initially refused the treatment, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives instead . but in January, a court ruled that she could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough to decide how to treat her cancer . on monday, her mother brought her best friend to hospital to bring her home . 'i'm so happy to finally be on my way home,
reality tv star is face of very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . shows off her toned body in fun and flirty high-summer designs . the 24-year-old recently starred in a Made in Chelsea work-out DVD .
more than two dozen babies recently born to surrogates are being airlifted out of the country following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake . some of the infants were prematurely born - while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests . a number of premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on an emergency rescue plane in the morning . later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel aviv with their Israeli families 
Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades . she prescribes a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs to help conception . the herbs may be drunk as tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet . bespoke vitamins contain natural ingredients such as goji berries .
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since leaving home . she is white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a 'small build' and has brown hair with extensions . friends have posted on social media saying she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s .
the 59-year-old looked downcast and emotional as she took a trip to the gym in Beverly hills on Monday morning . close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that Kris didn't know Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to be a good friend to him - or her -now' 'it's complicated in ways that we cannot even comprehend,' she said . 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman
gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and processing it in a machine that spins it at high speed until it separates into its various components . platelets are important for clotting, but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors . the gel, known as Magellan Bio-Bandage, will act as a
bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on the Jeremy Kyle show . accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with cash . but one of his famous lie detector tests revealed he had taken the money . she burst into tears and stormed off when she discovered it had disappeared .
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972 . 'it was hard to wrap your head around, he was such a manly man. he never indicated anything feminine in his demeanor,' said the 63-year-old .
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male . he became inspired to start his second project, salty Girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system . the upcoming book is 'dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting CF truly are'
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on friday morning . he was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries . the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case .
five hundred years ago, only one of the Inca rope bridges remains: the Keshwa Chaca . it spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas . the bridges were an integral part of the incredible Inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles .
thief stole sat nav from 73-year-old injured pensioner's crashed car . woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after collision in hulme . she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia . a member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene .
'i have about ten to 12 flushes a day, and six to eight at night,' says Craig . the 54-year-old was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 . he is now well and his tumours have shrunk .
the 26-year-old visited the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in litchfield . it is the second time in less than four days that the princess has been in the country . beatrice is patron of a number of charities, including the teenage cancer trust .
the 55-year-old was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation . she pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . 'we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police .
tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary of ANZAC Day . some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lessweforgot or #lets weforget . others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras with their friends while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions .
friends of the Deputy prime minister have indicated he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs . sources have also suggested he may go if party is left out of power after election . but he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
residents on the east coast of Japan's Hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning . the extra stretch of coastline has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places, exposing what used to be the ocean floor . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop .
residents of new south wales reeling from last week's wild weather are being warned to brace for more floods and damage . an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again bringing heavy rain from Thursday through to Saturday . the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs to be completed .
James Staring, from fit to last, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to burn away belly fat . from writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to lose inches around the middle .
the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012 . she has missed 32 full days of school this academic year out of 134 days . the school wrote in a letter addressed to her father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
a new poll of the most fashionable Brits puts David at number three . Audrey Hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the Beckhams to be voted the most stylish Brit of all time .
'ahhhh #Poldark, I'm not OK!,' tweeted one fan within minutes of the finale . 'the sun has managed to rise in the sky,' wrote another . viewers say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over .
Christopher Nathan may, 50, is accused of killing alleged victim Tracey Woodford, 47 . her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on friday . she had been missing for three days before being found with 'massive injuries' may is charged with a single charge of murder and will appear in court tomorrow .
mudslide on march 22, 2014, killed 43 people including brandy Ward . her husband, Tim, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but called for help . a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . but last week, a donor paid the mortgage, which he said was 'life-changing'
the most uncomfortable car is the Nissan Note with a score of just 80 per cent . the Hyundai i20 Mk1 was named the second most comfortable car with 81.01 per cent of the vote . Lexus's RX Mk2 came in second with 97.27 per cent, just beating its own GS Mk3 .
many smartphones on sale today - including apple’s iPhones, Samsung’s Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with built-in FM chips . nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated . radio industry, faced with rise of digital radio, are calling for this to change .
the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan island on Monday with immediate family present . this comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February . the couple met in 2012 after a friend introduced them .
'he would constantly make you want to be the best person you can,' says girlfriend . he was one of four americans confirmed to have died in avalanche on saturday . arenson revealed he wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation last year - when 16 died .
the 50-year-old was arrested at the swanky Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills hotel after an emotional exchange with the maître d' . in an emotional interview with dr. phil, the reality star tells how she was drunk on the night of her arrest . 'you could have ordered a drink at a pancake house,' she says .
the only way is Essex star said she would 'snog or marry' the labour leader . she said: 'he had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper' comes after a group of female supporters took to twitter to reveal their love .
the church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, where residents were forced to leave their homes . named after the patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water . residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in 1965 .
modified push-ups with your knees on the floor aren't just a cop-out for the real thing, they activate the entire upper body to get that J-Lo tone .
paleontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . this includes its small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the dinosaur belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus .
the EOssc2 concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself . engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe it as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' it is designed to connect to others to form a train . the car's computer and its auto-navigation system are intended to be semi-autonomous .
an american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel balcony . the 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level . he suffered 'injuries to both legs and was in a stable condition' but has been taken to royal Perth hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by opposite sex . head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire says girls are best served . single-sex schools give pupils relief from 'highly sexualised world' .
the leader said his party is now the 'serious challenger' to labour in northern seats . he accused the party of making claims it is racist because it is 'running scared' he called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat labour .
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday . he and 32-year-old special warfare operator seth cody Lewis of queens, new york, were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story .
68-year-old former leader spoke at a meeting with Jewish donors in london . he suggested that Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible . implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions anytime soon . also said that the comprehensive nuclear deal - currently being negotiated by six global powers, including the us - would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future .
the Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . millionaire owner Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . neighbors complained about noisey private functions held on the grounds . on friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in
homeless Isa Richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down . the schoolgirl, who has not been named, said she felt intimidated by Richardson . she believed she had no choice but to hand over the last 15p of her pocket money .
the 41-year-old host made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California . she delivered on her promise of multiple outfit changes and a new short hairdo .
John Lord, 86, went missing on April 6 less than a week after wife's death . his family discovered a note describing how much he missed wife of 63 years . it said he could not live without her and he apologised and said 'love to all' his daughter, Alison, 56, said: 'it was completely out of character'
Karen bell, 42, met man on dating website and exchanged flirty texts . pair met up to act out fantasy in which she spanked him with trainers . she threatened to post footage of their sex trysts on facebook unless he paid . after increasing demands, she claimed her son secretly filmed their 'role play' she has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
buy and keep service launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers . it is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland . films can be bought by creating an account, or signing in, at Skystore.com or through the Sky Store app on android and iOS . new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage .
the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen at the border crossing . they were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but were then held in a hangar by Polish officials . many Poles view the night wolves with suspicion because they have rallied against the Ukrainian government .
pat Senior, 66, spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs . veterinary bills add another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . grandmother-of-four currently has 19 dogs in her care . she takes in neglected greyhounds and adopts dogs from local dog pounds . at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof .
Betheny coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born . she was never expected to reach her fourth birthday - but defied medical predictions . now mother to three healthy children - despite being warned each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart she would die .
senior writer for the australian financial review has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre . he was fired on Sunday over his tweets condemning anzac day as 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' on friday, he said 'in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour'
'G'day mate, how you going?' is a classic australian saying . but when one man tried to get americans to repeat it, many were lost for words . a homeless man was insistent on telling a story about Britney Spears . another man said 'say it again in english?' when asked to repeat the phrase .
toxicology results show that Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month . abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez were killed . hours before the crash, Abad posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as 'Jack Daniels Fire on the house' hours earlier, he
colder weather is set to last the first half of may - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25C mark . conditions this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures . sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms .
media executives say the NBC investigation into disgraced newsman Brian Williams was designed to pressure him into resign . the leaks, along with a report that he lied during an interview on the daily show with Jon Stewart, were intended to make him look good at least 11 times . 'you’re dead. now negotiate,' one media executive told the website .
a two-way mirror in the women's restroom of a bar in chicago is under police investigation . comedian Tamale rocks discovered the mirror when she was performing at the bar . she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the mirror . the bar's owner says the mirror has brought his staff 'joy' and has no plans to get rid of it .
parole board reviewing case of murderer who was jailed for life in 1988 . he strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983 . three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, . was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all men . received 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years .
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated . it came after he and his father were evicted from their four-bedroom home . their father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including scabies .
prince will not be able to meet new royal baby until he returns in mid may . he will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival . the prince had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft . the map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' you can also change the angle of the sun at a location over time . and you can even 3D print an entire model of the asteroid .
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 . authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail . he was found unconscious around 3am on sunday .
inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod wells accused of being too lax . investigation carried out by officials from powys county council . they could not understand why council was losing money on parking restrictions . council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even .
the man, only named as Mr Zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike . he was hit by a car at a busy junction in dezhou city in east china . his younger brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier .
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli . a complaint has been made against the 3AW morning show host and he is 'mortified' by the allegation . the radio station confirmed that a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall making the comment .
ofqual found one in five teachers had written sections of coursework . details of unethical techniques emerged at a teacher ethics symposium . one teacher told ofqual: 'giving students too much support in coursework is a massive issue'
the 37-year-old congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' she interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer . the pair have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones .
the £2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for a woman . customs officers confiscated it because it didn't have the right documentation . the bag was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species .
cremated human skulls found at the side of the historic river Walbrook in 2013 . they had been thought to have got there down stream after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north . but new evidence suggests they may have been part of gruesome ritual burial . seven skulls have so far been found, sparking the theory they could be the remains of Boudicca's rebels . a spokesman for the site said: 'we don't have any answers yet'
'i have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling . 'that's not the type of person he is,' Boston coach brad stevens said . the Cavaliers' power forward was injured in the first quarter of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics .
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather and slashed him with kitchen knife . attack came after heated argument over lack of children . he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens . only a quarter of those who do spot the tiny animals see them frequently . there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in britain today .
pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up . the clip, set to 'Les Toreadors' from 'Carmen,' shows a man, identified as their owner and trainer, Dai Aoki .
mark 1 Spitfire was among the first built in march 1940 but never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crashed over Dunkirk in may 1940 . it was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove when it was hit by a single bullet from a german Dornier bomber . before it was lost, it was almost certainly flown by Squadron Leader Roger Bushell, later 'Big X', who was part of breakout from prisoner of war camp Stalag Luft III 
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old leah O'Brien, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25 . as he waited for his bride-to-be to return, he received a call from her father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it . 'i just dropped straight to my knees and started to cry,' he said .
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth house . it was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags . heritage expects branded the move 'misguided'
cody Knecht was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway . during the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings .
the fast food giant is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients . Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money . 'I mean, because we don't have many ingredients in the first place,' he said . last year, the Chipotle's sales reportedly went up 27.8%, and its stock went up approximately 350% over a five-year period 
selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . she was at the same camp when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas . the tragedy forced her to abandon her first attempt on the summit . her mother said: 'she's a very lucky girl. I just want to see her home'
Brenda Finn, 30, was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14 . she suffered crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss . her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to give her confidence . says having the procedure earlier would have saved her years of emotional pain . miss Finn is calling for the treatment to be made available on the NHS .
the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .
hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures . they measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall and measure six-and-a-half feet (two metres) in diameter and weigh 12 tonnes (1,890 stone) some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, with just 6,000 residents .
lib dems face a bloodbath on election day with dozens fighting for their survival . but he was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall . he joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting photo online .
liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . she has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases .
madelyn yensen, 94, of salt lake city, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm . the two married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio . they raised their three children and adopted a calico cat named moonpie who had repeatedly shown up at their doorstep .
Elle, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . the body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is . she believes that most ailments come from having an 'acidic body' . a healthy diet is based on consistency and eating three healthy meals a day .
myuran Sukumaran and fellow australian inmate Andrew Chan will be shot by a firing squad in a jungle clearing on 'Nusakambangan' . they will be led into a clearing where they can be blindfolded . 'myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' said close supporter and artist Ben Quilty .
jemma Gawned appeared on the first season of the australian big brother in 2001 . the 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties . all the ingredients in her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced . she says 'spreading the vibration of love through food' is the key to her success .
police were called to the sheraton hotel in Iowa city around 1.30am on sunday . the 20-year-old urinated on the lobby floor and refused a breathalyzer . she is the daughter of basketball legend Scottie Pippen and his ex-fiancee yvette deleone .
father asked to leave pub for family breakfast because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . he had travelled ten miles from home to visit wife and stepdaughter in northumberland . when family arrived at the wallow pub in blyth he could not order a drink . pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013 .
photographer J.M. Giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way quickly enough . about five or six police officers hit him with their shields, the photographer says . 'they just swarmed over me. my head hit the ground. they were hitting me, then someone pulled me out,' he said .
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan . he was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus in 1973 . his widow, Mary, is suing the ministry of defence and the general . but he told the daily mail he had no connection to the case .
ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years . now an academic says modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture .
there are growing concerns that google's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . the app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more . several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement .
Sharon Smith, 43, from west Midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on a business trip in 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday .
researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the 'L' complex and 'SP' complex, using gene silencing . the study extends scientists' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers .
marketing co-ordinator was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work . 23-year-old initially tried to ignore it but became upset after a month . she compared the whistling to racial discrimination and called police . one worker even approached her on the pavement, blocking her way . police confirmed they had followed up her complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour .
Greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it was home to more than 7,500 people . it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, with crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases . preservationists are arguing that the building should not be bulldozed and should instead be turned into a museum and housing .
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest could be lost . this is equivalent to the combined size of Germany, France, Spain and Portugal . research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . the areas are the amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in south America, the Choco-Darien in Central America . they are home to indigenous communities that
511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival on Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand . the ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on march 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore . it is the second-biggest bust in the country's history .
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months . she wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers wouldn’t feel as 'clueless' as she did . one of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral .
77-year-old was kicked out of the country 'with nothing' 30 years ago . he has spent 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes . his family's assets are valued at £64million - much of it through Luxembourg .
undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County sheriff's office in Oklahoma, quit his job after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer, reserve deputy Robert Bates . Bates, 73, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground . video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing .
Jeremy Clarkson and his colleagues were on brink of lucrative new three-year deal . but infamous 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon led to the offer being scrapped . he punched Tymon over a hot meal and offered to continue making the show . however, he was sensationally sacked by the bbc and will not return this week .
the 41-year-old wore skyscraper heels to cheer on her son, 12, in the children's marathon earlier today . she accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of alaa boots, which retail at approximately £1,500 .
the actress and business consultant married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' where her parents are from . the couple shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings .
cardiologist was climbing the world's tallest mountain when the quake struck . the 7.8 magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche killing 18 people . four americans who were on the mountain are confirmed to have died . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster . a 25-year-old sherpa died from his injuries after being rushed off the mountain .
an MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . but instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire police . revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up .
two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the car as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home . Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide . officials said Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center .
over 300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on Sydney's north shore for a candlelight vigil . '#keephopealive' was erected using over 15,000 flowers donated by amnesty international supporters . the two men are set to be executed just after midnight on tuesday (3am AEST)
Yves van de Ven, 37, posted a picture of himself 'missing' the top of the tower . he wanted to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures he takes . the photo was uploaded to photo-sharing site 4chan . since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up .
Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester . the university has said that the failing grades he wishes to give out will not hold . 'you all lack the honor and maturity to live up to the standards that Texas A&M holds,' he wrote .
'happy and relaxed' family holiday ended in 'appalling tragedy' in 2006 . their father and girlfriend fell into a coma and were close to death . they were found the next morning by a maid, along with bodies of children . inquest jury at wakefield coroner's court outlined how they died .
the aerial apology was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on monday . it was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses . locals quickly took to twitter to question who the message was directed at .
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975 . her body was found 33 days after she disappeared . Ritter had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later . last year she asked Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them .
'my day could have been ruined but, because of this guy, it was the highlight of my day,' says university of Alberta law student Derek Murray . the note reads: 'i noticed you left your lights on. the battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle'
Vivien's has launched an 'influencers' section to accommodate client demand . 'bloggers' are now being snapped up by agencies capitalising on their following . the average expectation of clients is between 10,000 - 300,000 followers .
a Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . they were able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre (0.0024mm) below the surface of the tongue . researchers say the sensory changes are tied to ancient climate-cooling events in Antarctica, where penguins originated .
Nicola sturgeon insists she will call the shots in event of a hung parliament . but she is not even standing for election to the commons . she vowed to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years without voting down the government .
Lu Xincai takes his mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day . he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off . his mother suffers from degenerative disease and used to get lost .
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against misconduct charges . she refused to show up at fitness to practise hearing at nursing and midwifery council . panel told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between 2004 and 2013 .
filmmaker Michael Churton was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . he was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level . the 38-year-old believes the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf . as the snow approached, he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best . after the mountains of snow had passed he managed to dig himself out . at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died .
'i remember just closing my eyes, the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe,' said the 40-year-old . 'there you go with your plans again,' she said .
veteran scriptwriter for the radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing . he added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations .
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase . the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging . he was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest .
serial killer Ronald jebson died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . he was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970 . his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died . beryl hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard news .
jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules' 'we still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of a five-year-old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden,' he said .
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders . he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . silicani rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years .
the driver and vehicle licence agency is scrapping paper licence . information about penalty points will be held only on DVLA's database . but motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms to check a motorist's details .
dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month . couple had planned to tie the knot this month in sichuan, southwest china . but they had to postpone wedding because she is bedridden in hospital . instead, family and friends helped her put on a beautiful wedding dress .
Kerry and Zarif met on the sidelines of a conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty in which both men are participating for the first time since a framework agreement was reached earlier this month . they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord . the deal hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief .
mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother . he killed his brother after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting . but prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea 'on the basis of a loss of control' as he was first attacked by a knife-wielding Wayne . his wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said: '[Mark] will regret what 
toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site in eight months . his outrageous posts are threatening to steal him the crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy, david Bilzerian . he says: 'being young in LA and having anything you want, it's not that hard to get any girl you want' toutounei is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models .
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest into her death was told . she would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school . tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train .
Streaming music service believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith .
the lawyer wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight . her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms . a yellow and pink corsage was pinned to her shoulder .
former doctor Tareq Kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in australia . he was featured in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims . the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
the annual 'Festa dos Confederados,' or 'Confederates Party' in Portuguese, celebrates the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War . 'I don't speak English and the only place I've been to in the U.S. is Disneyworld, but I feel the heritage,' said one resident .
mother-to-be, Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from a painful and crippling condition called hip displasia . when pregnant she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking painkillers for the sake of her unborn daughter . libby was delivered via caesarean section but she had hoped for a natural birth .
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their flat with trinkets . items were looted from graves of babies and grandmothers who battled cancer . a relative of one of the victims noticed a wreath meant for her mother . she contacted police and a raid found further items being used as decorations . the couple admitted handling stolen goods at york magistrates' court . they were given a 47-week curfew and banned from cemeteries indefinitely
royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley . the 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with ice-creamery The Licktators . a 500ml tub of royal baby gaga has an RSP of £19.99 .
judge admitted victim had been 'scarred psychologically' by the ordeal . but he freed him after serving just two months on remand awaiting court appearance . victim was left 'petrified' and afraid to go out after ordeal at the court . sweet, 20, was given a three-year community order on account of early plea .
single Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on paranormal as a child . took part in his first ghost hunt in 2000 and now owns nine haunted dolls . dolls are said to contain spirits of people who have passed on .
despite being told of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables, german government failed to pass on warning . Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year .
the 33-year-old was one of four people killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday . he was given the letters by his girlfriend just before he set off on the expedition . it isn't known whether he got a chance to read them .
last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the west Antarctica's getz Ice Shelf . it appears to have fractured and moved out into in the amundsen sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015 . the new berg is still smaller, however, than the much older B-15T- a fragment of B-15 that initially broke off from the Ross Ice Shelf in march 2000 .
Kim Davies bought the manor in rural wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . but he made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing shiny mosaic tiles and chandeliers in the ceiling . also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced timber windows with modern ones . the 60-year-old has now pleaded guilty to illegally altering the historic house .
labour set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers . curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes . but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .
'i think I even looked,' Linda Holliday, who's dated belichick since 2006, wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's white house correspondents' dinner . '@johnlegend let me live,' she tweeted .
firefighters rescued the mother's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday . one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . all four children were taken to a hospital for evaluation and were found to be in good condition . the mother, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia international airport, is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child .
queen letizia, along with her husband King Felipe, met with the families of some of the victims of the crash in the french Alps . the flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 spanish . today at Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica, Letizia shook hands and even embraced families of those who died .
prime minister backs royal couple's choice of private care for second child . he says it's a 'total matter of choice' for people - what they use and where they have their babies . first child, prince george, was born at the Lindo Wing in paddington . it has separate entrance from rest of the hospital, making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy .
'you should see the second episode, because she’s a bitch,' said Aiken, 36 . 'crude language and disrespectful demeanor towards the congresswoman has proven to the american people why he is a runner up,' a spokeswoman for Ellmers said . the 51-year-old congresswoman captured 58.8 per cent of the vote on her way to a third term .
network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between Wimbledon and Surbiton when a person was struck by a train . a number of trains and staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line . delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced on south west trains .
university of southern california senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell surprised housekeeper Fannie Randle with a $21,000 check . the housekeeper had been driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape . 'Her car, currently, it just shouldn't have to be like that,' miss Jewell said .
the 29-year-old was set alight at her Perth home in february 2012 . she suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body . doctors have reconstructed her scorched skin using skin taken from her legs . lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe . they will argue she was not as badly injured as she stated in court .
the Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes . mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord .
the 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen over the weekend . wore a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves . came days after her comments in a televised interview about loneliness .
experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of 2015, down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014 . latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) tomorrow morning .
australians Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday . the pair will be led from their cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track . they will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded before facing the firing squad . a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . the net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges . charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, ofcom .
the 25-year-old was forced to abandon his luxury car in flash floods in Dallas . it took a tow truck several hours to remove the car from the rising waters . comes as more bad news for hardy who was suspended by the NFL . he will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season .
the 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have HIV but are unaware of it . testing kit, on sale online, uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies .
slow-moving reptile retreats into its shell before scuttling off across desert sands . cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and tried to scare it out with snarls but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior .
Angus Hawley's brother says he doesn't 'understand' his brother's death . 'he was one of the fittest men I've ever met – he's swimming everyday,' he said . the 46-year-old collapsed after returning from a swim in new york .
more than 61 million iPhones sold in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit . $200 billion in cash, up from around $150 billion a year ago . sales of iPhones in china were also revealed to have outstripped those in the us .
