Marseille prosecutor says he is not aware of any cell phone footage from on board crash site . Cell phones have been collected at the site, but they hadn't been exploited yet, official says . French authorities are investigating the cause of the crash .
The Palestinian Authority becomes 123rd member of the International Criminal Court . The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories . Human Rights Watch welcomed the development .
Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the use of state-sanctioned killing . The number of executions worldwide has gone down 22% on the previous year .
More than 60 people have been put to death since the Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar . In Pakistan, the government has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows . Other countries made use of executions in similarly flawed attempts to address crime rates .
Anne Frank died of typhus at a concentration camp in Germany in March 1945 . Her sister Margot Frank was arrested and sent to the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp . Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread, witnesses say .
A Duke student has admitted to placing a noose on a tree, the university says . The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and student affairs . Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved .
Robert Schuller was a "great Dad and a great man of God," his daughter says . Schuller devoted to preaching from his earliest days. His "passion pits" were beneath the dignity of Christian ministry .
A stray bully dog in Washington State has used up at least three of her own . She was apparently hit by a car, whacked on the head with a hammer and buried in a field . The dog is a friendly white-and-black bully mix, now called Theia .
Frida Ghitis: Mohammad Javad Zarif has been Iran's foreign minister . She says he is "polished" and "jovial," but details about him less well-known . Zarif left the country in 1977, received his education in the United States .
Bob Barker handled the first price-guessing game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 . "The Price Is Right" was a classic "Lucky Seven"
Eastern High School basketball player Trey asked his girlfriend to be his prom date . He made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie's P.E. class . Mom: Ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school .
Michele Bachmann compares Obama to the co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 . Andreas Lubitz is accused of deliberately crashing the plane in the French Alps . The motive of the March 24 crash is under investigation, though investigators are looking into whether he lost his license .
The historic California drought hurts the rest of the union too . California's prices are expected to rise this year because of inflation .
Some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice . Walmart's opposition to a religious freedom law in Arkansas puts the company at odds with many in the GOP .
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but hasn't left the area . They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus .
L.A. County coroner: Andrew Getty appears to have died of natural causes . Gordon Getty, 81, is the grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty . His net worth is estimated to be $5 billion .
Mike Pence, a Koch Favorite, is running for President in 2016 . John Avlon: Pence's decision to sign a law that would discriminate against gays, lesbians .
A tropical storm is making landfall on the southeastern coast of Isabela . The storm is expected to make landfall Sunday morning and be out of the Philippines by Monday .
A storm capsized Louis Jordan's boat and broke his mast . His boat capsized two more times before he was rescued . Jordan had faced storms off the coast of the Carolinas during his trip .
Paul Walker died in a car crash in November 2013 . The actor was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the accident . There have been multiple tributes to Walker leading up to the release .
Frida Ghitis: U.S. and negotiating partners reached framework agreement with Iran on Thursday . She says it limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building weapons .
Michael Bolton's "The Star-Spangled Banner" is a controversial and beloved version . The song has been drew in the U.S. since the Gulf War .
Yahya Rashid, 19, is a UK national from northwest London . He was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul .
The total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time . It will last four minutes and 43 seconds, and NASA says that makes it the shortest one of the century . As the moon moves deeper into that shadow, it appears to turn dark and may appear to be reddish color .
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, finds itself at the center of the debate over the law . Critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians .
Miracles do happen, and not just in Hollywood, says Bob Greene . In order to survive, people must rely on ingenuity, resourcefulness and luck, he says .
A plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums is coming into effect, a top Iranian sports official says . But it isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend, according to state media .
Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein says she wishes Netanyahu "would contain himself" President Barack Obama endorsed the deal, saying it was better than the alternatives .
A former heavyweight boxing champ's mansion is the tallest and fastest "giga-coaster" in the world . Alisyn Camerota looks into allegations that Bikram yoga creator sexually assaults six former students .
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith surrounded by interesting quirks . Every year, Easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and colorful eggs . Francis washed the feet of believers, anointing them with oil .
Malegaon residents asked to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police . Authorities believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
The FBI says Keonna Thomas purchased a visa to Turkey on March 23 . She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison . Noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, were arrested in New York .
Online activity has emerged as the alternative to traditional media, writes Andrew Hammond . Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . But jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore .
Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia . He was not restrained at the time of the crash, a state Patrol spokesman says . Ronnie Van Zant, Gary Rossington and Allen Collins were the original drummers .
Avril Lavigne told People magazine she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease . She said she was bitten by a tick last spring .
Kevone Charleston is suspected in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013 . FBI agents and task force officers were following him as he pulled into a CVS pharmacy . In the end, two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot .
NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "to ensure the academic integrity" of student-athlete courses . "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says a former athletic-academic director . The NCAA says the lawsuit ignores the NCAA's role with respect to member schools .
The Large Hadron Collider is the world's largest particle accelerator . After a restart in March, engineers completed final tests . The LHC generates 600 million particles per second . It took thousands of scientists, engineers and technicians decades to build .
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of airstrikes . Since the campaign began just over a week ago, some 600 people are estimated to have been killed .
The federal and state laws have been growing ever since the law became law . Experts say such laws are "exceedingly rare," but there are still some types of victorious cases .
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on a college in eastern Kenya . Cross-border raids into Kenya by the group date back to 2011 . The Somalia-based group is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran .
"Cassandra C." is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . Attorneys for the teen say they're "disappointed in this ruling"
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" marks the chart's 13th week . It's just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1 Plus . Natalie La Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "Somebody"
Thai Smile launches a new livery featuring Jake, Finn and Princess Bubblegum . The plane has an Adventure Time theme with overhead bins, head rests and air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the hit show .
A chilly continent recorded the highest ever recorded on Antarctica . The World Meteorological Organization is setting up an international ad-hoc committee .
Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder, a South Korean court official says . He is also charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction . Mark Lippert was stabbed March 5 in an event that advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea .
Frida Ghitis: President Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran . She says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations .
NFL legend Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he only eats "hood doughnuts" His father promptly put him in his place, retweeting his father's comments .
Blue Bell is shutting down a manufacturing plant over the discovery of listeria contamination . Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from a Kansas hospital .
Court hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to proceed to trial adjourned until May . One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks; another was stuffed inside a suitcase . Briton Rurik Jutting, 29, allegedly lived at the murder scene in Wan Chai, an inner-city suburb .
Universal's "Furious 7" is getting the widest release in its history . It will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday . The film is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date .
Chelsea Manning says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . Manning is serving 35 years for leaking thousands of classified documents . She is not allowed Internet access in prison .
Brian Stelter: Rolling Stone failure led to "deeply flawed" article . He asks: Can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or any of other fraternities sue for defamation?
Former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki says his jets have never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . The government's top military official earnestly says the country's Air Self Defense Force scrambles fighter jets .
FBI says Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in disastrous January raid . Marwan, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was believed to be a member of southeast Asian terror group . FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture .
Tokyo's Shibuya ward passed an ordinance allowing "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples . The move will allow some of the rights of married heterosexual couples to hold visitation rights . Opponents say the move is a step in the right direction .
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" The groundbreaking TV series was created by Lynch and Mark Frost . Lynch said the show's third season will continue without him .
A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Kaminsky, "F**k that (N-word)" Harrison, who is black, said his words were "in jest," and he meant no disrespect .
An explosion at a chemical plant in China's southeast Fujian province sparked a huge fire . The plant produces a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics .
A family of four fell ill at a luxury villa in St. John, Delaware . Paramedics were called to the rented villa and were later hospitalized . The EPA is investigating whether the family was made ill after a fumigation .
Rand Paul is running for president, but GOP doesn't back up its words with minority policies . LZ Granderson: Paul would indeed take our country back to a time when we were debating Civil Rights Act .
A 15-count indictment against a U.S. drug company has been filed in California . Kevin Sabet: FedEx, the courier delivery service, should not be held liable for "possessing"
For the past eight years, "Mad Men" has become part of national fabric . The show's creative director, Matthew Weiner, has become a symbol of the times .
Chris Rock documents three traffic stops in seven weeks . Blacks 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, according to figures in 2013 .
Mark Wahlberg's film, to be called "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS Films . It will be told from his point of view, will feature material researched and shot by CBS News' corporate sibling .
On Thursday's edition of "The Price Is Right," Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a new Hyundai Sonata . Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing. "He just gave you a car!" she tweeted later .
Kenyans used social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams . The attack last week killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel .
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain . Out of more than 2,000 DNA samples collected, prosecutors say .
Carlos Colina, 32, is arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury . "This was a gruesome discovery," says District Attorney Marian Ryan .
Owner says Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year . The airline says it is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help in the hunt .
"Arrested Development" will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes . The show was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013 . It was not yet known if the full cast, including Michael Cera and Will Arnett, will return .
Tim Stanley: Why do Christians make so much of Easter Sunday? He says Easter Triduum refers to three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, conclude with Easter Sunday . Easter is about how religious impulses can operate in ways that affect our lives, he says .
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations, "silver" merits 20, and "copper" four" Jesus also tells his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him . "Why was this perfume not sold for three hundred denarii and the money given to the poor?"
The nation's top stories will be unfolding Tuesday in Massachusetts courthouses and political arenas . Aaron Hernandez and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 Boston Marathon . The former New England Patriot faces the stiffest of penalties if found guilty .
Ted Cruz hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate . Being the only official contender in the race, Cruz drew large crowds .
Fans were upset that Dobrev's departure could sink hopes of a satisfying denouement to the relationship between Elena Gilbert and Damon Salvatore . Producer Julie Plec says she is "excited to spread her wings and take it by storm"
Zhou Yongkang was a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee . Prosecutors say he took advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepted huge amounts of money . Zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event in October 2013 .
A minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of a FabIndia store . The minister, Smriti Irani, was visiting Goa when she spotted the camera . Authorities sealed off the store and summoned top officials .
Turkish military: The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013 . The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military said .
Kayahan Acar died Friday, five days after his 66th birthday . The singer had performed most recently in Istanbul on Valentine's Day . He was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, a law enforcement source says . "The rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," he cites the source . The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia .
45 workers are injured in the fire, Mexican state oil company Pemex says . Two of them are in serious condition . The fire had been extinguished by Wednesday night, the company says in a Twitter post .
French-language TV network TV5Monde regains control of its social media channels . The network suffered a cyberattack on Wednesday, the chain's editor in chief told BFMTV .
A group of armed assailants stormed into the provincial attorney general's office . Most staff members and civilians have been rescued, but an exchange of fire is ongoing .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombings . The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments .
A fire broke out Friday morning at a Kentucky Appliance Park . There were no reports of anyone injured or trapped . The park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses .
U.S. official: Up to 25,000 Iraqis expected to return to Mosul in April or May . Official: Washington "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion . Airstrikes have targeted ISIS positions in the area, officials say .
California Public Utilities Commission orders Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay $1.6 billion penalty . $850 million will go toward "gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements" Company "failed to uphold the public's trust," commission President Michael Picker says .
A massive twister barrels across an open field and barely missing farmhouses and barns . "I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," Cathy Olson says .
A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott . It's unclear what happened before Scott ran, or why he ran . A witness who recorded the video says he didn't see Scott grab Slager's Taser .
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones . The miniature aircraft will cost between $9,560 and $19,300 . Lucknow also used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival .
Female employee accuses Xavier Morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her . The incident occurred during a party celebration in Louisville .
Dysart played Leland McKenzie's founder, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak . The acclaimed "L.A. Law" aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994 .
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American . He submitted his application to 11 schools under his childhood nickname "JoJo" He says the project aims to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission .
Don McLean's "American Pie" is 44 years old . It's a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock . On Tuesday, Christie's sold the 16-page manuscript of the song's lyrics to an unnamed buyer .
Anthony Ray Hinton is free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row . Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 killings of two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers . A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts said the revolver used could not be linked to evidence in either case .
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day," due to an alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date . The movie centers on an independent record store in Delaware where Manning is scheduled to make an in-store appearance .
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband are still happily together . The couple began an affair when she was a teacher and mother of four in Seattle in 1996 . They wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 and are now the parents of two teen girls .
Dee Snider says Twisted Sister's 2016 tour will be its last . The band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy .
"Grace of Monaco" will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25 . The film performed poorly in its international engagements . When TWC pulled it out of awards contention, Olivier Dahan lashed out at TWC's Harvey Weinstein .
Don McLean's manuscript fetches more than $1.2 million, auctioneers say . "American Pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon . The song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status . It split No. 1 in early 1972 despite its length .
"Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer," his lawyer says . The photographer had filed the civil suit after West attacked him at Los Angeles airport . West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery .
Scientologist John Travolta is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida . The documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief"
King releases a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns . "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says .
Rebekah Gregory: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be held accountable for his actions . "No mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison for the rest of his life" Gregory wrote a widely publicized letter after testifying about the Boston blasts .
Chinese television host known for impromptu satire caught on camera cursing late Chairman Mao Zedong . Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years . CCTV said it would investigate when the incident occurred .
Three tornado sightings reported near Aetna, 125 miles southwest of Wichita . A tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri, about 70 miles from St. Louis .
Animal Planet captured giraffe's labor early Friday . The 6-foot-tall baby was born about 6 feet tall .
This season of "Game of Thrones" will air simultaneously in 170 countries . "Thrones" aficionado Doug Gross says the show's "major story arcs" will be unique .
The Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the handshake between the U.S. and Cuba . But the mix of Venezuela and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, writes Sultan Sooud . He says Khamenei gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure, in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief .
Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley share little in common . Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run . But the similarities end at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner .
Father of four Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer in April . He was delivering a private funeral at a Christian center in Summerville, South Carolina .
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the U.S. Census Bureau . A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing, authorities say . Officers picked up the chase, and the suspect fired at multiple locations .
An unarmed Iranian observation Y-12 helicopter flew within 50 yards of the aircraft, CNN has learned . The aircraft deliberately broke off and flew away in a 'predictable' manner, the official said . U.S. officials are concerned that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces .
Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times since 1999-2002 . Nine of her marriages occurred between 1999 and 2002 . She is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
A photo of a cat going down some stairs has gone viral on Imgur . The pic was apparently posted on Immod a few days ago .
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City . He is a lifelong Catholic and argues against things he passionately support, but he's still a lapsed Catholic . His name is "Peter Francis. ... He's in tune with the Lord"
The Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan has an 11-page biography . It appears to be an attempt to remind the world of the Afghan leader's leadership credentials .
Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists . For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin .
Nelly, 40, is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia . State trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus when he "noticed an odor of marijuana emitting from the vehicle" He was taken to the Putnam County Jail along with another passenger .
Fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday . Sound designer Ben Burtt explains which animals were used to capture alien sounds made by the Geonosians .
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election . Hillary Clinton has been through some of the roughest partisan wars, he says .
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month . While Clinton is an "eminently qualified candidate," the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders"
Ramalinga Raju was the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services . He and nine others have been convicted of cheating, criminal conspiracy and breach of public trust .
Sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income . To promote both parents to raise their children, Sweden has created a "gender equality bonus" Only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave, photographer Johan Bavman says .
Judge rules that case is "death penalty qualified," WRAL and WTVD reported . Victims' relatives have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .
"True Detective" premieres June 21 . Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star . The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson .
More than 200 students sign petition asking University of Michigan not to show "American Sniper" UMix will offer a screening of the family-friendly "Paddington"
Laurenn Hill has died at age 19 . She took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the college court . Her story became known around the world when she was able to realize her dream . Mount St. Joseph University president: Hill's "love and laughter will remain in our hearts"
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned on April 14 for murder, authorities say . His remains were found Saturday in a duffel bag . Colina faces charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury .
Atlanta Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police say .Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday morning .
Ryan Gosling's "Lost River" is still causing a stir in the world of Detroit . Without Detroit's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all, he said . The movie is a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects .
Elizabeth Sedway was on a plane to head east when she was removed . She posted a video of herself being removed because she has cancer . Alaska Airlines has since apologized to the woman .
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd . His defense wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day .
Adelma Cifuentes feared for her life when her abusive husband would strike . In rural Guatemala, nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed .
Robert Durst is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . He is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver in his hotel room .
The Ferguson Police Department released a report Tuesday addressing racial issues . Eric Holder, the department's "collective collection agency," says the report is "a collection agency" Without question, change is coming to Ferguson .
EPA says pesticide may have caused illnesses in St. John, Delaware . Two boys and their mother were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort .
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping on an Air Canada flight when he felt something around his neck . "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," she tells CNN's Paula Newton . Witnesses say they saw the suspect try to choke him with the cord of his headphones .
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault . UVA has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it .
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five shots after his infallible first two rounds . Rory McIlroy drops two shots late on in the round to finish six under par . The 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta . His 15 birdies are just 10 away from the Masters mark set in 2001 .
"Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of James Best . Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July . "The Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the CW series .
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at U.S. stores . The "cup" is cheap, but you can fill it for $1.49, the average cost of a medium . "From sand buckets to trophies, customers can unleash their creativity," says the company's vice president .
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the underground city in which they were found as "breathtaking" "This is a treasure trove," Gusky says . Four WWI soldiers were whose writings have been found underneath battlefields near Naours, France .
Loretta Lynch is the U.S. attorney general for the Eastern District of New York . Obama nominated her to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8, after Holder announced plans to leave the post weeks earlier . Her confirmation process is now taking on new historical relevance .
A Lamborghini crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway . Gary Terry, 36, died at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol says . Petty Holdings says it extends its deepest sympathies to those involved in the accident .
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star . Meg Urry: Many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system . She says rocky planets with liquid water on their surfaces might also have developed primitive forms of life .
London's criminal gang committed their burglary in a way not seen in the city for 40 years . The heists are often committed by working-class people, who would otherwise have blue collar jobs . More specialist criminals will be specific and steal only what they know they can quickly convert to untraceable cash .
Yarmouk is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria . It has been engulfed in fighting between the government and armed groups since December 2012 . UNRWA commissioner Pierre Krähenbühl will make an emergency visit to the camp on Saturday .
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says . The film's producers sought to retire Paul Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role in the "Furious" action franchise.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband via Facebook . Kevin Sabet: Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law . He says defendants tend to avoid process servers once a defendant has been served .
The stars have teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator with a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign . Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute . He originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was "not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done"
Selena will be the first person to use the Acrovirt technology . The tech uses detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind, brain and body . She was killed 20 years ago by her fan club president .
CDC: Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms . Celebrity Cruises has been taking action since the outbreak began, the CDC says .
Chinese women detained before International Women's Day on March 6 and March 7 . Prosecutors must decide whether to press charges within seven days of submission, lawyer says . Group: "The women were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment"
A former TSA agent is sentenced to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a co-worker . The victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone and computer . Assistant District Attorney Amy Hunter calls the case "egregious"
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan . The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon, where it is moored at a marina .
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day U.S. summit in Panama . Cuban government supporters and anti-Castro supporters brawled in the streets . Diplomat: "We have really big issues with the Cubans that do need to be solved"
ISIS posts images online purporting to show storming of Baiji oil refinery . Iraqi security officials deny that claim and insist Iraqi forces remain in full control .
Troy University students arrested after unrelated shooting at Florida's Panama City Beach . Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee face sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma airport . Pilot heard unusual banging from the cargo hold, turned out to be a ramp agent . The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled, airline says .
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near where Walter Scott was killed . The figure, painted black in mourning for the family, has wings because it's going to heaven .
The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland . Russian state news reports the plane was flying toward the Russian border with its transponder switched off . The Pentagon and State Department will "file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels"
A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a park with only a blanket and Bible, police say . The man's mother allegedly left him there after catching a bus to see her boyfriend . She now faces multiple charges, including kidnapping, reckless endangerment and false imprisonment .
President Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to the deal . His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran .
The kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls in Nigeria marks its anniversary . President-elect: "Today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims" On Twitter, Malala Yousafzai, was shot in the face for speaking out in favor of girls' education .
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited until she completes "treatment," police say . She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses .
A Kansas law banning a common second-term abortion procedure is the first of its kind in the U.S. Both sides appear to be prepared to take their battle over such measures to other states -- and to court .
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited until she completes "treatment," police say . She left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland . The quadriplegic man also suffers from cerebral palsy .
Chinese-born Jia Jiang is following his dream of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 . After his tech start-up was declined investment, he decided to confront his fear of rejection . Jiang's blog, "100 Days of Rejection", is being released this week .
Over the last year more than 25,000 people have fought Ebola infections . Despite dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by January, dozens are still infected each week .
People magazine reports that Jill Dillard gave birth Monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son she and husband Derick have named Israel David . Jill's parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar posted a video of the new family on their official Facebook page .
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW . A man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy"
Police Sgt. Jeremy Sutton did not explain what may have made it a hate crime . The victim was a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator . Kenneth Morgan Stancil III worked with Lane as part of a work-study program .
Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 . The legendary broadcaster was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985 . His one-liners from the commentary box resonated far beyond Australia's shores . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "In his day he was cricketer with few equals."
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish . The economic potential of music has been noted by the country's prime minister, Jose Maria Neves .
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya . They were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily .
Two scholars say "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself . They used computer software to analyzed writings of three men and compared it with the language of the "newer" play . Theobald said he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered .
So far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, a spokesman says . The frozen accounts are the latest in a series of actions .
Paddy Power tweets that "Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male." The tweet alluded to recent incidents in which unarmed black men were killed by police . Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield, four points behind defending champion Manchester City .
NASA astrophysicist names asteroid after education activist Malala Yousafzai . Thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between Mars and Jupiter . Scientist Amy Mainzer: "We desperately need the brainpower of all smart people"
Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day . Her case will be revealed by April 13 as the case reaches the legal time limit . Writers: The timing of the detentions is ironic: They take place on the very day that marks women's achievements and struggle for equality .
Arias is sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend . "I'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself," she tells Travis Alexander's sisters .
The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department, he writes . The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report cited indiscretions .
Elizabeth Warren: Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality . Warren: A win would mean a woman in the White House, which is a vital step in the march toward women's full political inclusion.
John Sutter: Congress passed a law that requires the Justice Department to collect data on police deaths caused by police . He says we simply don't know when and where police killings take place, or whether they cluster .
LZ Granderson: Nashville prosecutors banned prosecutors from offering sterilization in plea deals . He says this isn't linked to the controversial "eugenics" movement .
Bob Greene: Afalava, who was born in American Samoa since 1900, thinks he's a U.S. citizen . Why can it be, in the 21st century, that Americans born on U.s. soil are denied citizenship?
Dean Obeidallah: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's verdict isn't surprising, but it's the answer . He says many Americans worry that nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim .
On Thursday, Apple released a new line of emojis that include more diversity than ever . Dean Obeidallah: The reaction to this new lineup is far more than tiny clip art for texting .
LZ Granderson says a police body camera might have prevented the entire tragedy . He says the cost of body cameras may be eclipsed by the damages delivered to Scott's family .
Pentagon map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS . Iraqi forces and coalition air power make gains in key areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force . Analyst Afzal Ashraf: "Insurgencies by their very nature are extremely good at adapting to change"
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world . Their debut album is in the recording studio in Los Angeles .
The Yarmouk camp set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s . Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian civil war .
"The Bible Continues" is just in time for Easter . "Mad Men" is 9 p.m. Sunday . Louis C.K.'s critically-acclaimed comedy is back for a fifth season . Billy Crystal returns to television with co-star Josh Gad .
Paul Bettany's appearance in "Avengers: Age of Ultron" remained a mystery . The Vision was played by the heroic android for much of the comics .
Ex-football player sentenced to life in prison for killing Aaron Hernandez . Odin Lloyd was 27 when he was killed; he played for the Boston Bandits . His mother describes him as a champion of family, gifted athlete and hard worker .
David Frum: 8 out of 10 U.S. taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes . He says the laws are biased against two-worker marriages; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry .
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in 2012 .
David Frum: Abraham Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern roots . He says Lincoln supplemented his distinctly Midwestern claim about constitutional history . Most Virginians, including Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, insisted that of course Lincoln was an American .
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018 . Ringling Bros. decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus . The ultimate decision to phase out the use of the animals comes after years of lawsuits by animal rights groups .
Arsenal keep slim hopes of winning English Premier League title alive by beating Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor . Arsene Wenger says Francis Coquelin has been consistent in his defensive work . Aston Villa continue good form since appointing coach Tim Sherwood with 1-0 win over Tottenham .
The cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV . The introduction of multiple clones will increase suspense . "Turn: Washington's Spies," 9 p.m. ET, Monday . Series star Jamie Bell tells CNN what we can expect in the second season .
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards . Channing Tatum asked the cast of "Magic Mike XXL" why they were dancing . Fall Out Boy meets Fetty Wap and Charli XCX were the best moments .
Marvel's "Daredevil" is already a hit with fans . Early risers on Twitter praised the show as well as a drawn-out fight scene .
Alyssa Milano's milk was pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane . According to Heathrow guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk, the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight .
John Lennon's sometimes-brittle personality and overwhelming fame became a challenge for Cynthia . The pair met at art school where John practiced painting . Cynthia was "more interested in the music than he was in the art," she says .
The documentary "Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3 . It will feature "extensive unseen archive footage and previously unheard tracks" Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011 .
Ray Gricar was 59 when he went missing in 2005; his laptop and hard drive were found . Theories, speculation and a case that's been cold almost from the start .
Two years ago, the storied Boston Marathon ended in terror and altered lives . Many survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events, newspaper says .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial began March 4 after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses . Federal Judge George A. O'Toole stressed the seriousness of his warnings . The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death .
Students on Kikuyu campus stamped down halls of the Kimberly dormitory . Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals, the school says .
Tokyo Electric Power Company deployed the robot Friday inside the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . It was the first time the robot had been used . A newly released report shows that a fallen object blocked its path and left it stranded .
The Tulsa County reserve deputy turned himself in after an undercover sting . Robert Bates, 73, shot Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun . Harris' brother says he was pleased the charges should not have been used in the arrest .
People are going crazy for butter cookies -- $9 a tin . Jenny's popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs . Food mania has fizzled out in a few months .
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking Baiji oil refinery . The facility refinery has long been a target because it contains much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically .
The Obama administration's point man in the fight recently told CNN . Brett McGurk: ISIS is "off the charts historically" He says ISIS has sent the United States into "uncharted territory"
More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni Shia fighters . A Saudi general says the coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began . Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region .
Three young Yemeni families have fled the war-torn country at light . The Bab al-Mandab Strait is being crossed by desperate fishing boats . "The women were violently ill," says son Mohamed, who describes the journey as "a window into hell"
An explosion outside a bus station kills five people and injures more than a dozen others . Witnesses say a woman left her explosives-laden handbag beside the bus to fill up with passengers . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack .
Former Army enlistee who posted on Facebook about "the adrenaline rush" in jihad arrested . John T. Booker Jr. of Topeka was taken into custody near Manhattan, Kansas . Two confidential informants had nonexplosive materials, complaint says .
ISIS online magazine outlines justification and guidelines for enslavement of Yazidis . Online magazine describes having sex with 'unbelieving' women and women . "They separated all of us. They were all crying," says a 19-year-old woman .
Muhammadu Buhari says he'll "rapidly give attention" to violence in northeast Nigeria . Buhari defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million votes Tuesday . This isn't Buhari's first leading Nigeria, but his first time in nearly 30 years .
Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday a day before officially naming her campaign for president . Many of the "guiding principles" in the memo mention issues that sunk her first campaign . "This campaign is not about Hillary Clinton and not about us," the document says .
ISIS has moved into towns just to north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad . The government feels restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making its way into Iraq's capital . "ISIS has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible," one man says .
The incident occurred on Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis early Friday morning . The team's boat got near the dock, when a large Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack .
White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal . John Kerry: "We're not negotiating a 'legally binding plan.' Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort .
The #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a one-week food stamp budget . Food stamps have been cut twice since 2013, a site says . The goal is to feed $1.38 per meal per meal .
The bill will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for "medication-resistant epilepsies" It will also create an infrastructure, registration process and research for the drug . "This means the world to us," says 5-year-old Haleigh Cox .
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway . "It was shocking. I didn't know what I was about to see," Michael Barnett says .
Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded in Al-Arish, officials say . Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis claims responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another operation .
Carolina Sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate . "It ends up to be a very interesting habitat," he says . The 35-year-old Hasselblad 500cm camera was a good way to strike up a conversation .
The bill passed 92 to 8 . It also extends a two-year extension of a children's health insurance program . Some conservative senators balk at the more than $200 billion price .
Australian Roxy Walsh reunited her ring with its owner in a Facebook post . The ring was engraved with the message "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny" The Langleys are fellow Australians, living in the town of Noosa .
Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons . Under the new policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016 . Thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments .
Frida Ghitis: This first meeting of Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro should not be end of story . She says Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama at the Summit of the Americas .
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies, including Americans . A Kurdish militia fighting against them in Syria says it's illegal to join a Syrian militia . Some organizations have set up recruitment drives, featuring applications for foreign fighters .
Gaioz Nigalidze is banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament . His opponent, Tigran Petrosian, noticed he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone .
HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting conversation about the way we present ourselves online . The Internet is always quick to dish out judgmental opinions, such as the body-hate people showed to singer P!nk after she posted a photo of herself in a black dress to a cancer benefit .
A Tulsa County sheriff's office denies the claims of a volunteer deputy who killed Eric Harris . A newspaper reports supervisors were told to forge Bates' training records, and three refused . It says the orders apparently started years ago when Bates was trying to get on as a deputy .
Items were made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps . The auction house says 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed .
A Los Angeles judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts . Shelly Sterling is thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer says . "This is a victory for the Sterling family," says her lawyer .
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his injury when he was arrested last week . He and Atlanta Hawks teammate Pero Antic were not involved in the stabbing incident . New York police are investigating the matter, but have no comment .
Seven women and five men convicted of first-degree murder on Wednesday . Aaron Hernandez sentenced to life in prison without parole after deliberating more than 35 hours . Jurors meet with reporters, at times laughing nervously, after the verdict .
The Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations . He is accused of economic spying, the Washington Post says . The State Department calls the allegations "absurd"
Audio message released Sunday shows two leaders killed in CIA drone strikes . Raja Mohammad Suleman was a Pakistani who acted as a liaison to the Pakistan Taliban . Al Qaeda's South Asia branch is relatively new, announced in September by Ayman al-Zawahiri .
The U.N. Security Council voted in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis . The resolution demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence . Russia says it doesn't like the inclusion of sanctions .
Police and airport security located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight . It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged .
11 networks associated with French-language TV network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday . Director: An "extremely powerful cyberattack" was carried out on the network .
Judge also lowers Knight's bail to $10 million, a figure that defense lawyers call excessive . Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them during an argument . He collapsed in court last month after learning of the $25 million bail .
The Tulsa County, Oklahoma, reserve deputy is accused of manslaughter in Eric Harris' death . A sheriff's official denies any records have ever been forged .
Thousands take to the streets of Durban to protest against violence and xenophobia . Durban attacks have killed two immigrants and three South Africans, authorities say . South African Tim Flack has brought allegations of hate speech and human rights violations against a Zulu King .
George Davon Kennedy is from Murfreesboro, Tennessee . Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee are accused of sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .
131 people came down with the B3 strain, and five who had a different genotype than the outbreak . Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients .
There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category . "Furious 7" couldn't be more racially and ethnically inclusive .
A natural gas line explosion at a Fresno, California, firing range injured 11 people . The blast injured a county worker operating a front loader, sheriff says . Two sheriff's deputies are also being treated for minor injuries .
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday . The handheld or camera phone capture the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles on the screen .
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years . He's set to buy his own place and collect a pension . The Social Security Administration had not forgotten about him .
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport . Two other men -- James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- are named as accomplices .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil, 20, is charged with first-degree murder . He snapped back at the judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer . "I would have killed you, you know what I'm saying?" he told the judge .
Remains of up to 400 unaccounted for service members tied to USS Oklahoma will be exhumed . Defense Department: The remains will be returned to families as expeditiously as possible .
Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees have suffered untold indignities . Nadim Mahmoud: Two vulnerable infants were taken from Yarmouk in recent days . He says the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger .
President Uhuru Kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week's deadly attack at a university . Authorities say Mohamed Mohamud is in command of an Al-Shabaab militia based near Kenya's long, porous border with Somalia . Kenya has become a target since last year's attack on a shopping center in the capital, Nairobi, claimed 68 lives .
A suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil kills at least four people, police say . The Kurdish government says it will investigate the bombing together with the consulate . A car explodes in a way that does not reach a consulate, according to police .
Pope Francis faces dilemma: Adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of diplomat . 1 million Armenians died at the hand of the Turks 100 years ago .
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" premiered its trailer in December . Gisele Bundchen, Britt McHenry, Hillary Scott and Lady Antebellum all started dating .
Yemen's airport has previously been bombed; a peaceful window is likely to resume . A small army of aid workers is busy unloading huge mounds of much-needed provisions . CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef .
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday . NFL says Peterson has a program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisers . Peterson was suspended in November over allegations that he disciplined his son too harshly .
Tulsa County reserve deputy thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, police say . Instead, he shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital . Officer Bates was part of a group trying to arrest Eric Courtney Harris in a parking lot .
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage, producer says . "Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone .
Robert Bates was meant to subdue man with a Taser, according to his lawyer . The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations . His training has become a central issue in the case .
More than 133,000 people have been arrested, seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics in China . China's drug-related problems are still severe, with online drug trafficking an increasing problem .
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s . "The more you look at them, the more you discover them," he says .
Bob Greene: Many airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems . He says it's readily apparent Andreas Lubitz had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression .
An estimated 80% of women in Mumbai are street harassed, mainly in crowded areas like trains . Many women overlook touching, groping and stalking, not mention "milder" forms of ogling, leering, catcalling . India's sexual harassment problem is pervasive in all aspects of life, writes Victoria Arbiter .
Al-Shabaab is the group's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half . Peter Bergen says the group has been losing ground in Somalia for years as a result of attacks .
Jack White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" The brief, first-ever acoustic tour will hit "the only five states in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
Michelle MacLaren is leaving "Wonder Woman" CNN obtained a statement from Warner Bros. Pictures . The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017 .
"The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation . Sources say the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series . The presentation is set to film next weekend on the Disney lot in Burbank .
A New York jury will again consider a possible verdict in the case of Etan Patz . A man confessed to police that he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag . Etan's parents have waited that long for justice, but some have questioned whether that is possible .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, allegedly traveled to Syria in April 2014 for training . He allegedly wanted to return home to kill Americans -- particularly U.S. soldiers, execution style .
The National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round . The parks that charge a fee -- Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free Saturday and Sunday .
CNN's "Poor kids of Silicon Valley" documents the affordable housing challenges facing families . 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both .
John Avlon: Many Americans now oppose discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal . But the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by businesses, he says .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren: Banks threatening to withhold campaign funds from Senate Democrats . Julian Zelizer: Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system .
A jury has dissected Rolling Stone's discredited story about rape on the University of Virginia . Sally Kohn: Facts show magazine's lapses and blunders amount to journalistic malpractice .
On Tuesday night's "Late Late Show," Jon Cryer reprised his character's record-store dance . In the original scene, Cryer lip-syncs the song as he tries to win the affection of Molly Ringwald's Andie .
Debra Lobo, 55, a California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm . Assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, writing "America should be burnt," police say .
Three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen, there is little sign the rebels are being driven back . Hopes for stability, not only in Yemen but in the Middle East, in general, are fading .
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" features people from all backgrounds . The series includes feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for human dignity . Dumig: "I realized so many people want to come to Europe, and I always had the feeling to disappear or to go away"
Two Delaware boys, 16 and 14, are in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital, lawyer says . They were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John on March 14 . EPA says pesticide may have caused the illnesses .
Police in Marana, Arizona, thought shoplifted gun Mario Valencia held as he walked through a busy office park . But just 10 seconds after the employee told police that he had fired a shot, an officer was told .
Jarret Stoll was arrested at a Las Vegas swimming pool on a drug-possession charge . CNN affiliate KSNV reports the 32-year-old Canadian is charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy .
Most of the refugee camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar, near the border with Syrian Kurdistan . ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive in Sinjar back in August, but not everyone escaped .
Maggie Doyne's nonprofit educates more than 350 students in Nepal . It's a small community of almost 50 kids, ages 8 months to 16 years . Her group also educates Nepalese youths about how to make their dreams come true .
Britt McHenry posted a video of her berating a towing company employee . "I'm so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake," she wrote . The reporter is one of several on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months .
With medical marijuana so misunderstood, there naturally is a fear of potential side effects, Dr. Sanjay Gupta says . Medical marijuana could suppress dream recalls and allow sufferers to focus on the present, he said .
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen announced her retirement from the runway last weekend . She is the highest-paid model in 2014, according to Forbes magazine .
Davion Navar Henry Only had lived his entire life in foster care . Ohio family asked him to come live with them, and he got into a fight with one of them . Finally, he reached out to Connie Going, who had been there for him since he was 7 .
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks," South Africa's government says . The government praises law enforcement agencies for stopping further bloodshed in Durban .
Recruiting for ISIS is a problem in Minnesota's Somali community of Somali immigrants . Four men were arrested in Minneapolis, charged with conspiracy to join ISIS .
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff . The only thing holding the Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence .
Russian dancer says she is paid $8 a month for her job as a principal ballerina . The amount of money she makes in dollars has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened . "I'm at a point in my life where experience is worth more," she says .
The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh . Photographer Timothy Bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills . "They are intelligent birds. Every time I got close to them they would fly away"
African metropolises have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . These centers of affluence are spread from Johannesburg in the south, through Lagos in the west and Nairobi in the east, to Cairo in the north . Luxury brands enter country markets through distributors benefiting from their partners but still retain a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed .
Lawsuit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs . Suit says Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation acted in similar study in Guatemala .
"Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" is due out December 18 . Director J.J. Abrams: "You're more than fans. You're family"
Kim Richards is accused of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication . Police say Richards kicked one of the officers in the leg . She has been released from police custody .
Sheriff Stanley Glanz: 2 Tulsa deputies involved in fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris have been reassigned . Deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him . Harris was pinned to the ground as he said, "I'm losing my breath"
A jury recommends Allen Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole . Luna was 16 at the time of the August 2013 drive-by shooting . A vehicle's driver pleaded guilty in March to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life .
A Japanese court issues a landmark injunction halting two nuclear reactors . The decision will force Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to rethink his energy policy, an analyst says . Locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located .
Peter Bergen: ISIS being used by ISIS to support its sectarian narrative . ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq, he says .
Obama joins Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for roundtable discussion . "The air was so bad that you couldn't go running outside," Obama told CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta .
Mike Rowe founded the nonprofit Living Lands & Waters in 1998 . His goal is to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time . "Just organize it and do it," Rowe told CNN's Anderson Cooper after his win .
Robert Bates said he meant to use his Taser but ended up firing his handgun instead . In a well-publicized 2009 case, a sheriff's deputy fired his gun instead of drew his gun . The gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side, law enforcement experts say.
Gov. Mary Fallin signs bill to allow executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or unavailable . Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen .
In 2011, Florida enacted the Firearm Owners' Privacy Act, threatens prosecution and loss of licensure . Dr. Tommy Schechtman is a plaintiff in the case, which could come down any day .
A suicide bomber blows himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, a government spokesman says . The Taliban distances his group from the attack .
French customs officials seize 2 tons of cocaine on a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag . The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest ever carried out by French authorities .
John Avlon: Robert Kennedy Jr. compares "vaccine-induced" autism to Holocaust . He says he has apologized for the wrong things, but vaccines do not cause autism .
Iraq's security forces regain full control of Baiji oil refinery . ISIS claimed it controlled part of facility last week . Peshmerga cleared 32 square kilometers of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq Saturday .
Josh and Vanessa Ellis led a youth ministry . Their 8-month-old son was killed . Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, police say .
First robot stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to Tokyo Electric Power Company . Second robot sent into crippled Fukushima nuclear plant last week .
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions . The group says such activities "are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers" The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection .
U.N.: Migrant boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by cargo ship . Italian authorities say only 28 survivors were rescued and 24 bodies have been recovered . Company that manages the boat denies that the boat caused the boat to capsize .
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp . The independent channel said it didn't want to break the country's anti-gay propaganda law .
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant in the heart of Somalia's capital, police say . Police: The blast targeted and killed several Somali intelligence agents . Tuesday's bombing is at least the third high-profile attack near or at an Mogadishu hotel since February .
Daisy Bentley began collecting notes six years ago after a note caught her eye one rainy night on a walk in her home town of Norwich . The 23-year-old artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for the odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground .
The Italian navy rescued 100,000 migrants in October 2014 . Without European support, the Italian government cut back assets dedicated to rescuing migrants . Despite the danger, people from Syria, Mali and Eritrea are trying to escape repression, violence and abject poverty .
The immediate aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill has been well documented . Nathaniel Morris: Questions about long-term consequences remain unanswered . He says researchers studied genes of flat back mud crabs exposed to oil . Morris: The crabs' ability to survive could still be precarious .
North Korea demands the release of one of its cargo ships . The Mu Du Bong ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July . Mexico says the company followed proper protocol .
Boston Marathon trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev began in April 2013 . Peter Bergen says the trial was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes . The trial has been taking place nearly two years after the bombing .
Heather Mack, 19, was found guilty with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21 . Sheila von Wiese-Mack died from blunt force trauma to the face in Bali last August .
Asiana Airlines plane overran runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport . Twenty-three people have minor injuries, fire department sources say . Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident .
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch . "I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever," he said .
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week . The 34-year-old married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children .
On April 19, 1995, the Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed by two disaffected young Americans . On Thursday, a video of a reporter insulting a tow company clerk went viral .
16 Nepalis were killed last year after a piece of glacial ice fell on their way to summit . The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to occur on Mount Everest . Sherpas have voted to return to the route for safety reasons .
Jurors must decide if Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die . "Krystle was the light of my life. I miss her a lot," father tells jurors .
Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . The case was tried by a judge instead of by jury because prosecutors wanted to protect victims' anonymity .
Bobby Burns' "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" got a makeover . The 18-year-old made the video at age 11 .
Critics praise "The Americans" as one of the best series on TV . "Fresh Off the Boat" hasn't been picked up for a second season . The first History Channel scripted series wraps up Thursday .
The new "Fantastic Four" is due out August 7 . The movie keeps sci-fi and superhero fans chatter all weekend . It features Chris Pratt and the scientist behind the superhero .
The ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever . Eric Church & Keith Urban's "Raise 'Em Up" was a fine throwback . Taylor Swift swayed along to the country giant's classic "1989"
Yoko Ono, Paul Butterfield Blues Band, Bill Withers, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, Stevie Ray Vaughan also at 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act .
Joss Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with "Cabin" director Drew Goddard . "The Cabin in the Woods" features a group of young people terrorized by monsters while staying at a cabin in what is revealed to be a horror-film scenario designed by mysterious operators . In the movie, the characters find strange items in their respective cabins and find hidden cameras .
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie . Carey has been ridiculed for the dismal 2001 film "Glitter" She has redeemed herself with small roles in Lee Daniels films .
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3" "Legacy" was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the Grid .
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore . Gray suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later .
The Vatican says Pope Francis may make a stop in Cuba on his way to or from the U.S. The Pope is expected to continue his international activism this July with a trip to South America .
Seattle native photographed aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline . The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia .
The Food and Drug Administration releases its official report for a hummus recall . The report will list items with their product codes, and the geographical areas affected . If a product is within the use-by date, it should still be recalled, according to the report .
A frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "test me" market . Fundamentally well people will appear in doctors' offices with "abnormal" results . Bill to allow Arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor's order .
Wang Pingan's mountain bike was stolen from a road junction in Shenzhen . The 460-day trip covered thousands of miles in just one of China's most far-flung places .
Indonesia summons Saudi ambassador after learning that 37-year-old Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim was beheaded . Karni was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer's four-year old child . Rights groups suspect Siti, 47, was mentally ill and cast aspersions .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is caught on camera drinking a glass of beer in seven seconds . The stunt drew plenty of attention on social media . Some commentators were quick to point out Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking .
Three men have been in jail since February 22 . Lawyer: "We made our defense, and the judge made the decision to drop the case"
Boko Haram has been waging a campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law in Nigeria . Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, official says .
Al-Shabaab terrorists took over a university on April 2 . Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief denies his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack .
One Pope Francis once owned just sold for $30,500, according to an auction house . The Apple tablet had all the personal touches . Proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay .
UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage challenges populist politician to a duel in London's Hyde Park . Prince Jan Zylinski holds a sword that belonged to his father -- a World War II war hero . UKIP wants Britain to leave the European Union and pledges to cut its annual foreign aid budget .
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world . Basilica of Assisi, where St. Frances' tomb lies, is just the last of a series of national shames .
Carlsberg City has been home to the famous beer-maker since 1847 . But the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in . Amidst the historic buildings will be some 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space .
Parts of Miami-Dade County caught on video as 1,850-acre wildfire looms . The fire consumes fewer than 100 acres and is 50% contained .
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien . The boat hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore . 11 victims -- eight men and three women -- have been identified, civil protection spokesman says .
Andres Figueroa chronicles the Atacama Desert, one of the driest places on Earth . The lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe .
"What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28 . It will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!"
David Weinberger: There is really no one right to mark the anniversary of the 2013 marathons . He says with the luxury of some time and healing, the city has moved on . The trial's sentencing phase will begin Tuesday, he says .
Hillary Clinton is a big fan of President Obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his leadership style . In Democratic politics, Kamala is the Harris sister who gets the most national buzz .
Boston Marathon bombing victim's parents urge Justice Department to take death penalty off table . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings . The sentencing phase of Tuesday's race begins Tuesday .
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs . Rudd was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis . The 60-year-old Australian was executing a search warrant at his home in New Zealand .
Aaron Miller: U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical, but it's making Tehran taller . He says by making nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power .
An estimated 50,000 Americans are newly infected with HIV every year, and some 8% are among injection drug users . Kevin Sabet: Many stood by the belief that syringe services programs promote and encourage drug use .
Erika Langhart was just 24 years old when she collapsed on the floor . Her boyfriend, Sean Coakley, arrived to make dinner and found Erika collapsed . "She had a heart attack and then two more on the way to the hospital"
Glassfrogs were found on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica . Last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973 .
Orthodox Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives convicted in kidnapping ring . Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein, Binyamin Stimler and six others found guilty . Lawyers for each of the rabbis tell CNN they plan on appealing the convictions .
Prosecutors portrayed Aaron Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure . "My endorsements are gone,'" says a prosecutor .
Best was best known for his portrayal of Rosco P. Coltrane on "The Dukes of Hazzard" "Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have ever known," co-star John Schneider says .
An associate men's basketball coach and deputy athletic director die in a plane crash . The plane was heading back from the NCAA Final Four championship game . It's not immediately known who else was on the aircraft, an Illinois State official says .
New York's mayor offers artist Dave Poulin to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" The sculpture, a gift to the town from its original owners, has been on display since 2009 .
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya . The attacks have notched up since 2008, a University of Maryland study says .
Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday, officials say . Dozens of attackers took control of government buildings, including the city's Central Prison, Central Bank and radio station . Sectarian nature of the conflict is drawing in regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran .
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in Izmir . "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says . An online debate started when the rector of Istanbul Technical University said he would build a mosque on campus .
Frances Bean Cobain was 15 when she was interviewed for Rolling Stone . She says she was a 15-year-old Goth kid, "stoked" and "looking at my dad every day" Her father and life after his death were documented in a new documentary .
An initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies had landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says about 900 refugees from Yemen .
Canada's Department of National Defence describes the strike as successful . It's the first airstrike under the expanded mandate, the defense minister says .
South Carolina police officer's five-year career ended after he resorted to deadly force . His wife is eight months' pregnant and city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born .
About 4,500 people have been isolated as "the roads are cut off," an emergency spokesman says . The storm has already claimed four lives .
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key . A 26-year-old waitress complained about him repeatedly tugging on her ponytail, CNN affiliate reports .
Success Kid has become the Internet's most famous baby . His family created a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for a kidney transplant .
Three young men arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in counterterrorism operation . Police say they were planning to attack during a national commemoration in a week . Prime Minister Tony Abbott avoided the term ISIS -- or Islamic State -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects .
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges . He is accused of killing Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee . Even after closing arguments, the motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction .
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry apologized for a towing employee's comments . Dean Obeidallah: One of the main things I preach to my girls is respecting others .
Alfred Taubman was born January 31, 1924, in Michigan to German Jewish immigrants . He helped popularize upscale indoor shopping malls in the 1950s . Forbes estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion this year .
"The Blob" is a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific . Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise . Some marine species are exploring the warmer waters .
Tristan da Cunha is the most isolated settlement on earth . With help from the Royal Institute of British Architects, the UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve the island's infrastructure . In total, Tristan is the largest land mass and the only one to house people .
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the Cottonwood, Arkansas, town of Cottonwood . Suspect Jeremy Daniels, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody .
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday . The question touches as much on national identity as on historical facts .
Larry Upright's request: Don't vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016 . "In lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to Shriners Hospital for Children," obituary says . Son Michael Upright was a former Shriner of the Year at the Cabarrus Shrine Club .
Clinton confirmed what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed White House bid . Wall Street elites are ready to roll out the red carpet as Clinton begins her campaign .
Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix . Mercedes driver beat fierce rival Nico Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin . "I was frustrated, I am frustrated, yeah. He can have the trophy for most poles"
20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint . "I think she was the only family member to survive," says little sister Bo .
Motivations among tens of thousands making the trip to the Mediterranean are as many as the nationalities involved . From the Horn of Africa to the Atlantic, they must cross deserts and mountains, risk kidnap or robbery . Somalis flee Al-Shabaab and clan warfare; Syrians have given up hope of returning home .
Prosecutor: A 24-year-old man is in custody after calling for an ambulance . Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches, prosecutors say . France's president says the suspect wanted to launch a larger-scale terror attack .
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris . Amedy Coulibaly recorded the attack on camera . "Today we all share the same pain. I know they protect us from above," she says .
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on a wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl . The 16-year-old Palestinian was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July . His family and others objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall .
Cruz will appear in the sequel to the popular 2001 film "Zoolander 2" Ben Stiller, who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander, announced the news Friday .
The Saudi-led coalition ended its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen . "Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process . The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government .
Adam Gadahn was killed in January in a U.S. counterterrorism operation, the White House says . He was one of al Qaeda's most prominent members .
"Dark Seoul" attempted to steal data from South Korea's nuclear power plants . The attack, known as "spear-fishing," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at major banks and broadcasters .
Julian Zelizer: It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement . He says the campaign is in high gear, but many candidates are already making mistakes .
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week . Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over .
Kevin Cave saw a gorilla bleeding a little bit at the Henry Doorly Zoo exhibit . The gorilla, named Kijoto, leapt toward the exhibit's window and smacked into it .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense rests after attempting to convince jurors he was remorseless . "I was completely terrified because I didn't know if I was ever going to die," one boy testifies .
The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, writes Andrew Hammond . Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its continued health, he says .
In recent incarnation, the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . For Tehran and its regional allies, the Saudi military intervention in Yemen is in defense of a status quo order that is no longer tenable.
900 migrants embarking from Libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking . European leaders are scrambling to deal with the emergency . Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from Italy's former colonies .
Writers: U.S. failing partners because of failure to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units . Since 9/11, they have seen deadly attacks in Indonesia, India and sub-Saharan Africa, they say .
Two to three cotton farmers commit suicide every eight hours, activists say . Vidarbha, in the eastern region of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . There are a number of reasons for the flipside: A plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down .
Plane makes emergency landing in Buffalo after losing consciousness . Passenger received medical attention before being released, airline spokeswoman says . FAA initially reported pressurization problem, said it would investigate .
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in most places in the city . A hearing is scheduled in state court in a month, WAPT reports .
Indonesia orders preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row . Death row convicts have their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo .
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead bull giraffe . A number of people insulted and threatened Francis in response to the photo .
"It was time to come home," Deputy U.S. Marshal Jamie Berry says . Genevieve Kelley turned herself in to authorities last year .
North Pacific gray whale Varvara swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) from her home . She left her feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the United States to Baja, Mexico.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at Massachusetts' flagship Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center . He will be sent to the prison, one of the most high-tech prisons in the United States . Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once .
"We were so in love and happy together," one woman tells a federal jury . The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done . Haslet-Davis' left leg would later be amputated below the knee .
The activists were detained in China last month . They will be under police surveillance for a year, a lawyer says . The United States had urged China to free the activists .
Despite the fact that nuclear power is carbon-free, the Obama administration's energy policy plan is biased against it . EPA's "Base Case for the Proposed Clean Power Plan" assumes no new construction . The White House will celebrate Earth Day and promote its work to fend off climate change .
In about five years, the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . Maj. Gen. Allen Batschelet says the obesity issue is the most troubling . recruiters have become fitness coaches, like the trainers on "The Biggest Loser"
Aaron Carroll: I'm concerned that every bite and every sale delivers an unhealthy snack . Carroll: These foods contain refined white flour, sugar, partially hydrogenated oil, and high fructose corn syrup . These are two more insidious and dangerous risks to consider: cancer and heart disease .
A video showing Britt McHenry berating and belittling an employee at a tow company surfaced . Dean Obeidallah: How quickly and gleefully rest of us blame ourselves for the #firebrittmchenry hashtag? He asks if she'd keep going because she has a much of a self-destructive streak . He says she should have known better than to have used such words in our culture .
Danny Cevallos: Arrests can lead to lethal force, but failure to pay child support is not a crime . He says a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court isn't about catching criminals .
Texas businesswoman says Hillary Clinton's hormones might make her war irrational . Pepper Schwartz: Female candidates shouldn't be candidates because they're different . She says gender bias against women in workplace is so strong that even in 2015 a candidate will be president .
President Obama explained U.S. foreign policy moves on Iran and Cuba . Julian Zelizer: By capabilities, Obama must mean necessary tools to protect interests . He says the President's explanation isn't working .
Robert Bates, 73, shot Eric Harris while playing cops and robbers with real police . He took part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force .
Hillary Clinton's campaign ad -- a video -- shows she will make women central to her outreach . Laura Stepp: It's predictable that she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is best strategy .
Sen. Marco Rubio is running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the American Dream . But Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform .
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions on endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond" His sister says he committed suicide early Thursday .
The NFL draft begins on April 30 and the New England Patriots are No. 1 overall pick . It's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when it will be announced .
There is no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist, police say . Thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd . They disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building .
Police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond . Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says call was recorded and transferred to the police's CAD system . Numerous British news organizations put the value of the loss in the hundreds of thousands of pounds .
Nick Loeb is suing the Colombian-born actress in Los Angeles . He wants to prevent Vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization .
A cement seal in the Gulf of Mexico failed on April 20, 2010 . Scientists continue to study environmental impacts . BP says there is no doubt birds, fish, turtles, sub-sea vegetation and sediment species are affected .
Al-Shabaab militants kill 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers . "In the time of shooting, they skipped me," a medic with a St. John's ambulance service says . Kenya's interior minister says police have arrested five suspects .
Wiretaps show al Qaeda had discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican . Some of the suspects were involved in a 2009 Pakistani market bombing, police say .
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 . The collection was auctioned Saturday in Beverly Hills, California .
The "ABUCAR 2" vehicle will travel to the Netherlands in May to compete in this year's Shell Eco-marathon . The car will be powered by electricity alone, but at higher speeds both electric and petrol motors will work together . Some studies say 50% of global emissions of organic carbon could come from Africa in 2030 .
Ashish Thakkar is the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson's company, Virgin Galactic . The Ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . He says entrepreneurship is not in the education system and education system .
Joao Vaccari Neto faces charges of corruption and money laundering . He is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party . Anger over what has ballooned into a multi-million dollar corruption scandal has eroded Rousseff's approval rating .
Hillary Clinton will be the first secretary of state to become president since James Buchanan . Bennett: Clinton's tenure at the State Department should be a real advantage during the campaign .
Hillary Clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official . The launch comes a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Clinton . Clinton will focus on her childhood and work on children's issues .
The eruption is a first for many in the region . Calbuco belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996 .
South Korean companies have hoesiks at least once a month and sometimes every week . Drinking is a big part of Korean life that Seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture .
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV . The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana .
David Frum: The U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education . He says America is losing the increasingly important race to educate its citizens .
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program . Tapper replaces Candy Crowley, who signed off the program last December . Sunday political programs are among the most prestigious chairs at television networks .
The airstrikes targeted Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, two Yemeni officials say . The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds, the officials said . On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its nearly month-long air campaign .
A ramp agent asleep in a plane's cargo hold made a 911 call . "I could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," the pilot said .
Chinese authorities detain five women who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . Protesters in several cities have called for their release, took to social media with the phrase "free the five" The campaign was planned for International Women's Day on March 8 .
Hillary Clinton launched a campaign to completely reframe who she is, what she stands for and how she intends to run . Many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads; others were scathing .
The United States isn't alone in this global climate effort, writes Andreas Krieg . Krieg: A shift to a low-carbon economy is underway as a shift is underway . He says the U.S. needs to lead and create a better planet for our children .
An American died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, the White House says . He was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, or AQIS, an extremist group .
Kagoshima District Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards . The ruling could provide a fillip to government's plans to restart two reactors in Japan . 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the 2011 Fukushama disaster .
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression in Egypt's patriarchal south . Her daughter Houda married and had two children of her own . Many women in Egypt make up barely 24% of the country's workforce .
The Clown Prince of Crime will appear in "Suicide Squad" The movie is the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain . The movie hits theaters August 5, 2016 .
Elizabeth Warren has publicly criticized "fast track" trade authority . Warren wrote a letter raising concerns about the TPP . Hillary Clinton has courted Warren's support .
The Boston Marathon bombing suspect, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, deserves harshest punishment . Jeff Yang: The killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved; what is?
Comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story . DC Comics announced the final chapter in his trilogy . The sequel will be released sometime in the fall .
All five nursing students were killed in a multivehicle accident . A tractor-trailer smashed into a line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident, police say . One witness tried to help, but it will take an investigation .
Molly Schuyler ate 3 72-ounce steaks, 3 baked potatoes, 3 side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails . She set a record in the process, set last year's record-holder Joey "Jaws" Chestnut.
Lesa Strachan: "You shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times" Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez is on trial for first-degree murder . Hernandez's co-defendant was drinking smoothies hours after the slaying .
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American held hostage by al Qaeda . Peter Bergen: U.S. made no serious effort to negotiate for Weinstein's release . He says Pakistani Taliban and Haqqani Network feelers helped negotiate .
Over-the-counter homeopathic remedies come under fire from experts . Critics say the FDA isn't doing enough to regulate homeopathic products .
Dean Obeidallah: America has the highest incarceration rate in the world . He says it's time for policymakers to address the dismal status quo .
John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award shares belief that the U.S. must lead on climate change . "The greater our knowledge increases, the greater our ignorance unfolds," writes Kennedy .
Three passengers reported loss of consciousness while on SkyWest flight, spokeswoman says . FAA is in communication with FAA and SkyWest to gather information .
In 2011, al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage, a Pakistani source says . In January, Weinstein was killed in an anti-terror strike, the White House announced .
The cases have all occurred in Ondo state since April 13 . Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness . Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol .
The lost city of Lagunita has been mapped, circumnavigated, measured and tagged in every way imaginable . Slovenian archaeologist Ivan prajc has been the first to see ancient pyramids, 30 meters high, that he spotted in aerial photographs .
North Korean officials say Kim will visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations . This would mark Kim Jong Un's first official trip since inheriting leadership of North Korea in late 2011 .
The Great War was contested from the outset, writes Victoria Arbiter . The sum total of television programming suggests war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game, he says .
Giancarlo, a native of Sicily, went to Pakistan to work on a reconstruction project . At the time he was abducted, he worked with a German aid organization . Lo Porto was killed by a U.S. drone strike two years later, Italian authorities say .
Netanyahu makes request to form government in 42 days . "We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu says .
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened . Her 1992 book "Passion and Politics: The Turbulent World of the Arabs" helped bridge gaps between Arabs and Americans .
Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country . The tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, an expert says .
The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information, officials say . No arrests have been made; the exact nature of the threat couldn't be learned . Some cities have increased their security as a precaution .
Sabeen Mahmud had been a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance . In Baluchistan, people have been disappearing regularly due to steady allegations of mass abduction . Her discussion group, The Second Floor, was to discuss human rights and technology .
On Thursday night's "Grey's Anatomy," Dr. Derek Shepherd died . He wasn't shot down over the Sea of Japan, nor did a helicopter fall on his head . "Derek Shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character," creator says .
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd . Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole . Ruben Navarrette: It's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life .
1.5 million Armenians and Armenian Christians were killed in 1915 under the Ottoman Empire . Turkey disputes Armenia's count of the numbers killed, putting it at 300,000 . The killings are widely viewed by scholars as genocide .
Heranus Cetin was assassinated in 1915 . Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink . Protests led to marches by Ottoman soldiers .
David Frum: The Armenian Genocide is trending on the eve of the 100th anniversary of WWI . He says Kim Kardashian, Khloe and their cousins recently visited Armenia . They say the poor landlocked country was trending, with people expressing rights .
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London . Owning a home in post codes like W1 or W8 means more than having a place to lay your head . London ranks as the second most important hub for ultra high-net-worth homes .
Kylie Jenner: "This has been very hard for me. I'm so proud of you, Dad." Khloé: "With courage and bravery, let's change the world" Lady Gaga: "We have the chance to write this moment in history together"
Prosecutors tried 22 former Nazi SS soldiers at Auschwitz 50 years ago . The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials .
These are the best videos of the week . ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions . It's an annual tradition: Girl Scouts sell cookies -- and, in the millions, buy them .
This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Protests are gaining steam in Baltimore after a man died from a spinal cord injury . Police say he saw police on April 12 and stopped him after finding a knife in his pocket . Protesters want to know exactly what happened, and why .
Teen arrested after UK police discover communications between teen and man in Australia . Operation Rising apprehended men suspected of planning terrorist acts on Friday . Sevdet Ramdan Besim charged with conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for terrorist acts .
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in recent years . The country has been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed . Nepal already had one of the lowest standards of sanitation in the world before the quake . Many of these people live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city .
Parents Danielle Busby, Adam and Adam are blogging about their unique birth . Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige are now a family of eight .
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual . 92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam . But the evidence against it is not on their side .
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds file suit against FDA . They claim the FDA is violating their free speech rights .
"YouTube Spaces" is a YouTube channel where "creators" have access to studios, training and resources . The most popular video, "Me at the zoo," won't be released in theaters .
Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it . "The Eureka Factor" explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "Aha!" moment . Static surroundings encourage static thinking, by obscuring visual details such as red .
Many trends seem to somehow involve a member of the Kardashian clan . The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days . A doctor says the trend is dangerous and poses a risk of scarring .
Richard Corliss was Time magazine's most quoted writer of all time . He compiled a list of everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo"
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner apologize for comments they made in a junket interview . "I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone," says Renner . Evans releases statement: "I regret it and sincerely apologize"
Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel . He began his long association with Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker .
Netflix's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix in 2016 . The show focuses on an attorney who is blinded as a child . It's one of four new series that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix .
David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts Jared Leto as the Joker . Also in the lineup are Ike Barinholtz, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Scott Eastwood . Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
"The Rocky Horror Picture Show Show" is casting-contingent . The special will be filmed in advance and not air live . It is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film .
Alice Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s . There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them .
Show creator David Chase goes through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly . He offers his top tips on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation .
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris . A 2009 inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office concluded that Bates was shown special treatment .
15 buffalo were shot and killed after a day on the loose in upstate New York . Four men from a farm in Schodack, New York, were on the scene to kill the animals .
Benjamin McNamee, 25; Aaron Golson, 22; and Darryl Cearnel, 28 will be sentenced June 26 . Robert Champion died after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus in November 2011 .
The flight from London to Hong Kong was canceled after a man was arrested . He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place . Cathay Pacific has apologized to the 262 people on board the Boeing 777 .
Hundreds are already confirmed dead, not just the thousands who suffered injuries . Witnesses in Nepal shared photos of people sheltering in a makeshift tent after the quake . "It's getting dark, no power and no water supply," one man says .
"Parts Unknown" features a variety of canned, precooked meat . The "army stew" dates back to the Korean War . A buddae-jjigae is also a storied hangover cure .
A TSA committee says full screening won't "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" The report says only two major airports in the U.S. can't afford 100% employee screening . TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced criminal background checks every two years . Sen. Charles Schumer calls the report "a prompt response"
The new policy is in response to a June ruling by a federal judge . The ACLU says it's good that the government is finally going to tell people of their status . Those on the no-fly list, managed by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, are banned .
Willis died at 91 . She was a major role in making the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" Sign found on everything from T-shirts to refrigerator magnets .
After the rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky . In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .
"All the Light We Cannot See" is finalist for National Book Award . Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins the Pulitzer .
Springs Creative, the company that makes the fabric, sent an email to the mom . "Eeewww girls! Yuck! Haha," the licensing manager wrote .
Jay Parini read the Bible's main character in the grim story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise . After Lot's daughters complain that there aren't any men left, so they get their father good and drunk and have sex with him, he says .
Mark Goodacre is professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University . His answers to CNN's "Finding Jesus" Facebook page were filled with interesting questions . One of the biggest mysteries about Mary Magdalene is how she last saw her in Acts .
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted Burger King's offer to pay for their nuptials . The fast-food outlet Burger King will sponsor the wedding .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school . "So, I shaved my head, trimmed my long Indian eyelashes," he wrote on his website . The plan had some drawbacks, he says, but it turned into a "twisted social experiment"
The overturned Toyota Solara convertible was smoldering when police pulled up to it . A police dash cam rolled and dragged the driver's limp body away from the crash to start emergency care.
President Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre . In 2006, the U.S. Ambassador to Armenia was asked to resign for using the term Armenian genocide . Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- is a more crucial ally than Armenia .
CNN's John Sutter will report on climate change on April 27 at 5pm ET . The 2-degree threshold is so significant that it's going to be the subject of reporting for the year . CNN asked you seven basic questions about this crucial number, specifically .
John Avlon: Ohio has found a better way to bridge its divisions . He says politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite .
David Rothkopf: Hillary Clinton camp prelaunch: How can people open minds about "real Hillary" He says it's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician .
6 in 10 say wedding-related businesses should be required to refuse services to same-sex couples . A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel caterers or florists shouldn't need to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. That's a shift from a Pew poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to be required. 47% that they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons .
Lawyer for ten foreigners on death row in Indonesia says they have been given 72 hours notice . The Attorney General's office says all 10 would be executed at the same time . Indonesian officials have advised relevant consular officials to travel to Indonesia .
Two of the best actresses on TV are back on "The Big Bang Theory" Dean Obeidallah: One of the six best episodes of the season so far is "Saturday Night Live"
Dr. Kristen Lindsey shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head . She posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft .
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race . As many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water . Search and rescue efforts are ongoing, the Coast Guard says .
A devastating earthquake set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead . The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot . Aftershocks are still sending snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside .
A deal has been reached for the May 2 bout between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 . Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month's bout at the MGM Grand .
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault, a 15-year-old . There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white .
CNN's iReport Boot Camp takes a look at Nepal's capital, Kathmandu . Thousands of people line the road to the airport trying to get out, but there's no way out .
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident" A pregnant woman in her 20s suffered minor injuries in the accident . Police cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash .
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . China's Ministry of Culture says it has investigated two incidents involving stripteases . Photos obtained by CNN show mourners watching a performance at a village funeral .
"We have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible," Tsarnaev's attorney says . "We are asking you to punish Jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," attorney David Bruck tells jurors .
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti . For the camp's 10,000 residents, this is supposed to be the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the U.N. Many say it's been years and they're tired of waiting; for those willing to pay, there is another route to a new life .
Warren Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan . Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a recording claiming the terror group was holding Weinstein .
8,480 migrants were rescued Friday from the Mediterranean, an Italian coast guard says . The group fears 400 migrants could be missing, citing testimony from survivors . There has been an upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy .
Nepal's capital city was hit by the worst earthquake in 80 years . The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably . Many are desperate to make it out to the outlying areas so badly affected .
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder . CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting .
Two tour buses were shot multiple times, Atlanta police say . No one was injured in the shooting, police spokeswoman says . Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night .
India is planning a massive cross-border aid mission in Nepal . Disaster relief troops landed in Kathmandu and quickly got to work . India's Prime Minister has made a special effort over Nepal, visiting twice in his first year in office .
Freddie Gray's family asked for a quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest . But a handful of people repeated the family's message . Peacemakers placed themselves in the rioters' way . "I want them all to go back home," says Rev. Jamal Bryant .
A woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly . As he tries to walk away, she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!"
A professor at Texas A&M Galveston says his students were a disgrace . "Enough was enough," says an associate professor .
Arthur Baldwin is an off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service . He is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property .
More than 9,000 people are reported injured in a natural disaster in Kathmandu . Another natural disaster struck Tuesday afternoon near the capital city of shattered temples and toppled houses . Nepal's Home Ministry warns that relief efforts are hampered by problems of getting aid into the country .
The quake has left 90% of Nepal's homes uninhabitable, a village official says . "I just want to cry," says 62-year-old Maili Tamang, who is still alive, but battling desolation .
None of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps in Nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls . Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest .
Nepali Pranksters were filming a hidden camera series when the magnitude-7.8 earthquake struck . They document people's reactions to various "pranks" that challenge cultural norms . With aftershocks and crumbling infrastructure still posing threats, safety is a temporary state of mind in Nepal .
South Korean President Park Geun-hye offered to resign Monday . South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree on April 9 . Lee will stay in his official role until he accepts his resignation .
Robert Downey Jr. walks out of interview with journalist who asked him about his movie "Avengers: Age of Ultron" The journalist instead started asking personal questions about actor's political beliefs and jail time .
Sonit Awal was just four months old when the earthquake struck on April 25 . His father had lost all hope of finding him alive until he heard faint cries from below .
Hillary Clinton is about to get her first official challenger, according to CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson . Few think Joe Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Ohio Gov. John Kasich thinks waiting is best, but he isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy .
The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . That was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old Yousafzai was shot .
More than 5,000 people have been killed in the earthquake in Nepal's capital, Kathmandu . A joint effort by Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team is only the third of its kind to reach the village .
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck on Saturday . Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help . People have filed reports pleading for information that might help them locate their missing friends and relatives .
The last Australian executed for drug offenses abroad was Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . The deaths will result in short term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta . Australian PM Tony Abbott appeared to accept the inevitability of the executions .
Indonesia's actions raise more general questions about powers of states, says Max Weber . He argues that Indonesia has monopoly over legitimate use of violence . Widodo, known as Jokowi, may make a couple of claims in his defense, argues .
Baltimore investigators hand over files on Freddie Gray's death to prosecutors . The decision on whether to file charges against the six officers will not be immediate, police commissioner says .
A man and a woman were arrested in the town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack . Police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, 85 rounds of 9mm ammunition, a gun and 3 liters of hydrogen peroxide .
A large crowd erupted in cheers as Pemba Tamang, 15, was carried out on a stretcher . A U.S. special operations forces team rescued 30 people, including three Americans, from the area .
Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby says prosecutors have the "toughest job in America" She is considering criminal charges against Baltimore police officers in the controversial death of Freddie Gray . Gray, 25, died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury, one week after he was arrested .
Five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army, from 1940 onwards, are still crystal clear . "My only wish is to set the record straight about the past. Before I die," says Kim Bok-dong .
The walkout occurred on the set of "The Ridiculous Six" near Las Vegas . The Western's script called for Native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath," "No Bra"
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak to Congress Wednesday . John Defterios says Abe's speech is an invitation long overdue .
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed parading ISIS flags in a valley not far to the Kabul capital . They are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan . The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President has termed a "terrible threat"
Gabriel Salvador is president and CEO of CBS Corp. "Bones" and "Blue Bloods" "Moonves' love of boxing ... gave me the confidence to say "I can help you make this fight happen," Moonves says .
Judge Jerry Baxter didn't "comfortable" with seven-year sentences for cheating victims . "When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over ... something's wrong, something is usually wrong," he says .
Olivia Munn will play Betsy Braddock in the "X-Men: Days of Future Past" The comic book's Psylocke was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe for the British "Captain Britain" series .
The move is to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency," IMPD says . The new color will be worn by majors, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and chief of police .
Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale fears he'll be attacked if he goes to work . The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters .
Photographer Laurence Rasti flew from Geneva to Turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran . "A lot of my friends are gay. And for me it was a huge cultural difference between Europe and Iran," says Rasti . Rasti: "I took a little part of their story to imagine a photograph"
"Avengers" comics star Jeremy Renner sang Ed Sheeran's song . He was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" "Listen I've got powers too, and they're pretty sweet," he said .
Marion "Suge" Knight is accused of running over two men during an argument . His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million .
Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m.
Jared Leto's interpretation of the Joker is an internet sensation . The Oscar winner portrays the Clown Prince of Crime in "Suicide Squad" Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night .
Jay Z launched his music streaming service Tidal last month . He used the hashtag #TidalFacts to refute talk that the company is doing a less than stellar job .
Universal announced that the sequel to "Fifty Shades of Grey" will hit theaters in 2017 . The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. The news came one day after the husband of EL James will write the script . Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel .
People magazine names Sandra Bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015 . Bullock, 50, joins a long list of actresses to receive the honor .
"Galaxy Song" is a song from the Python lads from 1983's "The Meaning of Life" The song is written by Python member Eric Idle, along with John Du Prez . It's not Hawking's first music gig; he's also featured on "Talkin' Hawkin"
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty . His defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part in the Boston Marathon bombings and murder of an MIT police officer .
William and Kate's second baby is expected to be the first Princess of Cambridge in 182 years . Many young royal-watchers are enamored by Diana, Princess of Wales as a youngster .
Mary Robinson: Some think the world is on verge of welcoming a new girl . She says there is a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive .
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias . Iranian officials believe their strategy is making a difference in the fight against ISIS .
Olympic gold medalist Bruce Jenner says he has the "soul of a female" Thompson had two sons with Jenner during their five-year marriage .
Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president, says Roland Martin . Martin says Sanders is an authentic voice who speaks without fear . He says he was never a Democrat -- and isn't yet .
John Avlon was 12 when he was acquitted of four police officers in the beating of unarmed motorcyclist Arthur McDuffie . He says riots in the 1960s were the first major "race riot" in the U.S. since the civil rights movement .
Julian Zelizer: With Washington gridlocked, odds of passing another New Deal are minimal . He says liberals have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives .
CNN's Nina dos Santo was in Kathmandu when the earthquake struck . The city was devastated by the tremors, but many of the houses were torn apart .
Photographer Fabien Le Coq takes photos of trees in the Brittany region of France . "Treesome" is an embodiment of his unique way of interacting with the world around him . Each image represents different feelings at different points in time .
FBI: Domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists . Every once in a while, the suspects get away from the FBI's most-wanted fugitives . Donna Joan Borup is wanted for alleged member of May 19th Communist Organization .
Mui Thomas suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin red raw and open to infection . She was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is thick, dry and flaky . Mui refuses to let it get in the way of her life; now 22, has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker .
More than 400 corpses were exhumed in Damasak, Nigeria, residents put figure at 400 . The town had been freed from Boko Haram terror group in joint military operation .
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa . It commemorates the country's first democratic elections which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president . Google has changed the doodle to honor the day .
The EU is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats . Many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in Libya . The head of the Libyan Army rejects the possibility of cooperating with any EU military intervention .
A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing . Alberto Nisman was found dead days after making the accusations .
Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world . But five years on, officials say the city is much safer . Plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to the city . U.S. Rep. Robert "Beto" O'Rourke: "I always feel safe and secure"
Shinzo Abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views . Japan has been disappointing on Japan's wartime actions in Asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive . Abe's stance on history enjoys little support among Japanese, a recent Pew Poll indicates .
NASA: A Russian unmanned spacecraft originally bound for the ISS will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere . The Progress resupply vehicle will begin its combustion in the atmosphere, Roscosmos says . NASA: The spacecraft is now spinning out of control .
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary . 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft . The training exercises involve vessels or groups completing specific jobs and "free play"
Israel conducts airstrikes in the occupied Golan Heights on four militants . A group of armed terrorists allegedly tried to plant a bomb on the Israeli border .
Jean Nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry . At the time, she weighed more than 200 pounds . She launched Weight Watchers in 1963 .
A Boston watchdog finds a 5-year-old doberman pincher in her belly . Mocha, 5, had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed . The veterinarian removed about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus .
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter" The 92-year-old died this week at her Connecticut home .
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, lives almost no waste in zero-waste living in New York . The small amount of waste she does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar . She collects six month's worth of garbage a year .
The birthday problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook . Cheryl gives friends Albert and Bernard a list of possible birthday dates .
Photographer Kate Parker wanted to show her daughter's fear in photos . Her series, "Strong is the New Pretty," covers the last two years . Parker: "I didn't want girls to think they had to look like that"
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry . The case is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century .
Earthquake was 40% larger than previous major event in 1934 . Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina . A giant spring lying under Nepal gets big enough to slip catastrophically .
Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times" He had a small part in "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie"
Amazon's bestsellers list this month includes "Secret Garden" and "Enchanted Forest" Books are being marketed to stressed-out adults, who want to benefit from the quiet zen .
CDC defines heavy drinking as exceeding average of one drink per day in past month . Women's binge drinking rates rose 36 percent between 2002 and 2012 . Cost of excessive drinking estimated at more than $220 billion per year .
Cassandra C., 17, has been living at Connecticut Children's Medical Center since December . She ran away in an attempt to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated . Attorneys for the teen and her mom have tried to appeal, but they failed .
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control . Mid-back mobility and internal hip rotation are important to golfers .
Barr says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma . The comedic actress says smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes .
Study: acetaminophen blunts pain, but narrows the range of feelings experienced . People who participated in the study did not appear to know they were acting differently . The study was published this week in Psychological Science .
Two eye diseases get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . Chance for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some people at higher risk in their 40s .
Gov. David Ige's signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016 . Dozens of cities and towns have raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 .
142 people have tested positive for HIV, with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results, all in rural Scott and Jackson counties . The outbreak has spread among users of an opioid called Opana .
The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in wild birds . Iowa says 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected at a commercial laying facility .
The damaged Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan temple, are among the worst architectural losses . Both structures remain standing next to the structures which disappeared after the earthquake hit .
The diamond is the largest found at Crater of Diamonds so far this year . The state park is the only public site in the world where anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them .
John Avlon: "The Migration of the Negro" shows pre-World War II blacks as they moved from oppressive South to the promise of a better life in the North . He says it's more convenient to say violence began when rioters threw bricks at police .
Kim Jong had been expected to go to Moscow to join World War II celebrations . It was to have been Kim's first official trip since he came to power following father's death .
Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market in Kolkata, India for his project "Flower Man" The portraits cast light on the people behind the petals, which are lit by the Hooghly River . The majority of Hermann's portraits are done by studio light and studio light .
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix by 0.042 seconds . Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg claims he has ruined his race by driving slowly . Hamilton had lost the Malaysia Grand Prix in a strategic battle with Sebastian Vettel .
Texas A&M professor threatens to fail his entire university class . His email to students was not his first, he says .
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person . Growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a solution to Japan's shrinking workforce .
A friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition seeking to be named the singer's conservator . Leslie Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years .
He gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor for decades . He won Pulitzer Prize for playing coach in Jason Miller's play .
E! will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner's transition . The eight-part series is set to premiere July 26 .
Baltimore police say a "purge" is being led by large groups of marauding students . The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge: Anarchy," a dystopian future America .
CNN's iReporter Mita Gurung was injured when her house partially collapsed . Her mother was injured in the tremor, but the hospital is overflowing with patients . Many of the injured are from the northern part of the district, where some 200,000 people live .
Frida Ghitis: Obama's efforts to make world a better place can be accounted for . She says there are many victims of radical Islam in the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia . But she says there is no shortage of sound foresight on parts of world's most powerful politicians .
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was at home when the Saturday quake struck . She endured 36 hours trapped in a room on the ground floor, before being freed by an Indian rescue team . India's National Disaster Management Authority is supervising search and rescue efforts at her former home .
Police release detailed timeline of events surrounding arrest . "We want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist," says police official . Deputy police commissioner: We've got one and confirms address of 1700 Presbury .
Corinthian Colleges will shut down its remaining 28 campuses on Friday . Dean Obeidallah: For-profit colleges saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up funds . He says for-profit college business is a multibillion-dollar industry .
C-SPAN's live telecast of "Saturday Night Live" was hosted by Cecily Strong . More than 2,000 credentialed White House journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened .
The new book "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich" Peter Schweizer: Issues raised by the book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road .
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA shows 30,621 claims of thefts . A total property loss claimed: $2.5 million .
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of his visit to Moscow next month . The decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs, a Kremlin spokesman says . News comes a day after South Korean intelligence agents said Kim is ruling with an iron fist .
Christopher Scarver says cannibal would leave fake limbs around prison where others would find them . Scarver: "He crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff -- but he was not one of them" Scarver was convicted of killing Dahmer on November 28, 1994 .
Geely Automobile hopes to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand . China surpassed the U.S. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 . But until now those cars have been sold almost exclusively in China .
Shanghai auctions allow for 10,000 license plates . One option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate . Chinese drivers haven't wholeheartedly embraced the concept .
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic," Gregorio Billikopf says . About 1,500 people are evacuated; security plans remain in place, CNN Chile reports . Ash spread to Argentina in the second eruption, the day after the first .
Maickel Melamed, a Venezuelan native, is battling muscular dystrophy . He completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday .
The Waze app uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams . Eric Liu: The app "is all about contributing to the 'common good' out there on the road"
Andrew Lesnie has died at the age of 59 . He worked with Peter Jackson on the "Lord of the Rings" and "Hobbit" His films proved to be big hits at the box office .
"Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" ran on Nickelodeon in the early 1990s . Lois Lilienstein died in Toronto on Wednesday from a rare form of cancer, her son says .
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned in Montego Bay . "Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart .
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music .Percy Sledge, 73, died of natural causes, East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner says .
Silas Randall Timberlake is the son of Timberlake's maternal grandfather . Randall is the musician's own middle name, as well as his father's first, People reports .
Lifetime has greenlit its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" TV movie . The movie will look at the rise of the cast, including John Stamos, Bob Saget and the Mary-Kate . It will also explore the warm bond that grew between the cast as the show became one of America's most beloved family sitcoms .
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time . The summer's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster is from soaring to and beyond the one-billion dollar threshold internationally .
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise . Critics say it's a kick to watch co-star Paul Walker take the wheel or hang off a bus in Azerbaijan . The action sequences are legitimately phenomenal, with the supercar leaping between buildings .
Michelle Keegan is named the sexiest woman in the world by British men's magazine IMDB . Her "Coronation Street" character Tina McIntyre is the show's first surrogate . Sandra Bullock doesn't appear on the list, even though People magazine named her the "World's Most Beautiful Woman"
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands . The ship survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts .
A Consumer Reports study analyzed 70 million passenger trips over the past two years . Southwest offered the most award tickets and the fewest number of award tickets . By not allowing the miles to expire, the airline says customers will be able to redeem them .
Loretta Lynch is the newly appointed Justice Department sworn in Monday . She will need to make clear that the Justice Department will crack down on police abuse by using a potent weapon .
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico after DNA tests showed she's not related to a Houston woman . The Houston woman claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico .
LZ Granderson: Marriage has "always been" between a man and a woman . LZ: Clarence Thomas is a black man married to a white woman, he says .
John Avlon: Walmart, Target, and Koch Brothers are adopting or advocating hiring practices . He says reforms aim to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records . They say criminal justice policies disproportionately impact blacks, who are incarcerated at rate six times whites .
The wedding of Andy Murray to his long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears, is set to take place in Dunblane, Scotland . Crowds pack streets to support the tennis legend, who wore a traditional tartan kilt .
Four rainbows appear in the early morning sky in New York . CNN weather producer: This would be a double rainbow reflected in the sky . "Whoa, that's a quadruple rainbow! All the way?"
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped; her attacker was jailed for adultery . Afghanistan's version of social morality had rescued her from shame . The solution in this society? Marry your attacker .
Five men who had one valuable skill NATO rely on speak English now are isolated . They were fired from their jobs and then blacklisted, meaning they can no longer get work with other government groups or NGOs . Kabul's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here, even by most conservative estimates .
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe captures the deserts of Western Sahara . He uses the landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posing as green plastic figurines . The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco since the mid-1970s.
A week after being taken into police custody, Freddie Gray dies under circumstances that are unclear . Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up .
Toya Graham said her son was "embarrassing himself" by wearing a mask and doing what he was doing . She said she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it .
A New York jury is unable to reach a verdict on the man charged with the killing of Etan Patz . A bodega worker confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime .
Prosecutors aren't swayed and will seek the death penalty . Holmes admits to the shootings but says he was suffering "a psychotic episode" at the time .
Bob Greene: Manny Pacquiao fight won't "save" boxing, a sport that has fallen since its 20th century heyday . He says the rocket rise of MMA's premier organization, the Ultimate Fighting Championship, has matched boxing's decline .
Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators there were 950 people on board the boat . Prosecutors say 50 of 700 people on the boat had been saved, prosecutors say .
Japan's space agency announced this week that it would put an unmanned rover on the moon by 2018 . JAXA is joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth's satellites . The move is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies, which could be utilized in future, or even Mars .
U.S. sending warships to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels . "By having American sea power in the region, we have created options for ourselves," Pentagon spokesman says .
Christian gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey plane . In March, Dollar did appeal in a video to "friends from around the world" soliciting donations .
President Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week . John Sutter: Obama wants the average American to take away the climate issue .
Kurdish separatists open fire on Turkish soldiers in Agri, CNN Turk reports . Four Turkish soldiers also are wounded in the fighting, Turkish military says . The Kurdistan Workers' Party leader has called for the violence to end .
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge their executions . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting execution by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, killing at least 35 people . The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame .
Scientists have made a huge discovery in Yellowstone's new magma reservoir . The overwhelming bulk of their magmo cavities comprise scorching rock, yet solid rock . They don't mean there is now more magmilliona than there was before, the scientists say .
A video has gone viral in Venezuela . President Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit . The president joked that he had something in common with the mango .
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing French media outlet BFMTV . The media outlet is accused of broadcasting their location live during the siege .
A helicopter crashes near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, Malaysia . The victims are Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, PR1MA says . Jamaluddin Jarjis is "a person of high caliber, who sacrificed much" for the government .
Ben Affleck asked producers to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather . "I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves," he said .
Jason Rezaian, The Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief, faced charges of espionage . Peter Bergen: The scale of Iran's current hostage-taking may pale in comparison . He says the rush to reconcile was a rush to find a reconciliation .
A lower court scrutinized a lesser-known trademark this week when the band The Slants sought to protect its name . Jeff Yang: A bureaucrat at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office decided that "Slant" was disparaging to Asians .
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos . "I wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke to the world," he writes .
Shelling began in the Yemeni city of Aden on Thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board a boat . Everyone we spoke to Thursday told CNN the desperation of living in Aden is terrifying .
Flight 448 had been bound for Los Angeles . A ramp agent was discovered inside the cargo hold . The plane was only in the air for 14 minutes, according to Alaska Airlines .
Police identify the suspected gunman as Kenneth Morgan Stancil III . "This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College," school president says . Despite earlier reports, the victim was not killed inside the library .
Smuggler in Tripoli laid bare system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees . An estimated 1,600 migrants have died on the Mediterranean crossing this year .
Matyas Gutai is an architect who believes that water is ideal material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature . The Budapest house uses a panel of steel, glass, and a sheet of water between the inner layers which equalizes the temperature across the building .
The Airone was carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians . Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa . Gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a boat used to transport migrants .
Netflix has ordered a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House" "It's sort of a role reversal," John Stamos says . Candace Cameron Bure will return for the new series .
The game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public . A source within Major League Baseball says it is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history . The game will begin at 2:05 p.m. ET on Wednesday .
Houthi rebels call for peace talks, but only after "complete halt of attacks," spokesman says . Previous round of airstrikes failed in January . Saudi Arabia announced end of Operation Decisive Storm, a nearly monthlong campaign .
"These guys just gutted it out," Coach Bo Ryan says . Wisconsin Badgers rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the NCAA men's basketball Final Four . The Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in the first contest of the night .
Jerome R. Hunt, 54, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence Sunday night . Source: The man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn but "was compliant" The fence was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, Secret Service source says .
President Barack Obama and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake use term to characterize rioters . "Thugs' is the 21st century word for the n-word, and it is repulsive," he says .
The national sentiment is quickly shifting in favor of same-sex marriage . Critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight . A conservative jurist has a keen interest in states' rights .
Attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six . Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants . South Africa is a top travel destination for wealthy Africans .
Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network," Kenya's Interior Ministry says . His network extends within the Dadaab refugee camp, home to thousands of people, the U.N. notes . Another terrorist involved in the Garissa University College attack is identified as Abdirahim Abdullahi .
The death of Freddie Gray has raised again the questions surrounding police use of force . The case raises at least three legal issues, including the use of unprovoked flight .
A U.S. official had just met with a provincial governor when gunfire erupted, the official says . Another Afghan soldier was killed in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, police say . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen says instances of "green-on-blue" attacks are declining overall .
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on ice cream . The beer will be inspired by caramel brownies and will hit shelves in the fall .
Suzanne Crough played youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family" Tracy played a tambourine and percussion band . Crough was 52 .
Daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says . Bobbi Kristina Brown, 22, is not in a medically induced coma . Her father, Bobby Brown, says his daughter's condition has improved .
The MESSENGER orbits Mercury, the planet between Earth and Mercury . It's getting media attention because it's about to get a visitor . The probe is running out of fuel and NASA says it will hit Mercury on April 30 .
World has been confronted with a modern form of an ancient, primally horrifying method of execution . Some experts suggest the wave of jihadist beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East . Iran's top military brass seemed relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets .
The Orioles were asked to bat a game against the Red Sox because of "ongoing public safety issues" Kathleen Porter-Nehisi: Major League Baseball had a problem with the bat's home stand . She says it's not without precedent to postpone the opening day games .
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone . The flow of migrants from Libya has exploded again after Gadhafi overthrown .
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence in South Africa . Neighbors say the attacks are a consequence of Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini's reportedly saying foreigners "should pack their bags and go" South Africa's president has pledged allegiance to the nation's entrepreneurs .
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad . Anbar Provincial Council deputy head: It's unclear how much longer government troops can hold front lines against ISIS .
A white police officer is charged with murder for shooting unarmed black man in the back . Walter Scott was shot as he ran away from a traffic stop .
Dean Obeidallah: Dr. Oz is increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital . He says if the U.S. Senate couldn't bring him down, what made 10 doctors think they could do with their letter?
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday from a jail . He is accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in Mumbai . India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned his bail release on Friday .
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity when a U.S. marshal walked toward her . She says the marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so .
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, was Nigeria's former general general . Frida Ghitis: Buhari's victory shows a moment of maturity in West African politics .
Scientists have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night . But new research does seem to bear the theory out . Curiosity rover found evidence of ancient streambeds and a lake on Mars .
A report says Pyongyang may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . Bruce Schneier says the key takeaway from the latest assessment is not the type of warhead . He says it's a myth that North Korea could be able to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium. The U.S. and members of the Six-Party talks have been negotiating over this past quarter century.
Serbian sixth seed extends winning streak to 17 matches . Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final . First man to win the opening three Masters tournaments of the season .
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products . Other states across the country have noticed similar trends .
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to death by hanging . 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks . They were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy .
Writers: Incidents of police-involved killings, assaults on unarmed blacks are unlikely to end soon . They say peaceful protests underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis .
A draft script has been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed . "The Breakfast Club" was reportedly a first draft of the 1985 classic by John Hughes .
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday . The movie, a spoof of Arthurian legend, did not start auspiciously . With its popularity of "Python," the movie was a box-office hit .
Amy Schumer takes a fake tumble at a 2015 TIME 100 gala in New York . The stunt drew guffaws from paparazzi and other onlookers .
Hillary Clinton will take a 23% pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women in America . Merely closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty .
John Avlon: Hillary Clinton's Equal Pay Day will center on women voters . He says the 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated .
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . He had to have open heart surgery . Green is the first person in his family to graduate from college .
Gao Yu, 71, has been sentenced to seven years in prison . She was accused of disclosing a leaked document to an overseas news organization . Her lawyer says she will appeal .
Rates of myopia amongst East Asians doubled, even tripled, in the last 40 years . Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan have rates in the 80% . In South Korea, rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% myopia in 2011 .
Hillary Clinton's announcement went online, with social media responding in a big way . Some tweeted their immediate support, with one word: #Hillary2016 .
German climber Jost Kobusch filmed the avalanche at Everest Base Camp . Helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain amid growing concern for climbers .
Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer says . The WikiLeaks founder has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy since June 2012 .
Two TSA officers investigated at Denver International Airport have been fired . One TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive, would use the palms of his hands to touch the passenger's front groin area and buttocks .
The size of the SFRA airspace is designed to be large enough to provide our defense forces enough time to respond . Aircraft must enter the airspace through specific flight "gates" on a visual flight plan .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final . Negotiators from Iran and the United States, China, Germany, France, Britain, and Russia have until June 30 to reach a final deal .
Jonas Salk's "microneedle patch" could bring polio vaccines to doorsteps . The vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes, he says .
A community center and apartment complex went up in flames hours after Freddie Gray's funeral . The $16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments .
New training notes are part of a 2013 ruling declaring the NYPD's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional . The training notes read "not to tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen . The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals .
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen last month, writes Saudi diplomat . The need to protect constitutions and elections is a strange message from an absolute monarchy, he says .
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week . Only models on display will be ones with four wheels . China facing second year of slower growth in 2015 after decade-long sales .
Bill Murray, George Clooney, Jerry Seinfeld, Michael Keaton among notables . Letterman's final month of broadcasts will air Wednesday, May 20 .
Thailand's martial law has been replaced with a controversial new security order . The Thai King approved a request from Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha to proceed . Human Rights Watch says the move shows the country is "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without parole, a new low for a friend's murder . He appeared to shake his head "no" earlier as jurors found him guilty . "Odin was my only son," his mother told the court .
John Avlon: Police in Baltimore aren't sure what happened to Freddie Gray . If there are criminally guilty cops, police have no problem with justice, he says .
Migrants are being held in a facility just outside Tripoli . About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa .
Cell phone video shows men throwing punches and chairs into crowds of people . The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino . About 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived, police say .
Dean Obeidallah: Don't lump me in with the word "we" one of the great American words . He says if I get to claim those aspects of American history too, he must say "We" cuts both ways .
After returning home from kickoff weekend, triathlete Jae Rockwell organized a task . Annastasia W. invited other women to do a brick workout at her local gym . Seeing how much fun they've had participating in some really daunting challenges helped her swim .
On April 12, 1945, Chicago Daily News was a copygirl assigned to the city desk . On Thursday, 70 years on, the city editor and assistant editor had left their desks .
Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class . Warren: Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation . She wouldn't say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that bill .
Hillary Clinton's campaign video is filled with women working in their gardens . She's betting that there's no better time to make history as the nation's first woman president .
Timothy Stanley: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president . He says there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton . Clinton started as first lady that the right loved to hate, then a secretary of state, he says .
New Horizons sent back its first color image of Pluto on Tuesday . The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14 . Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States .
Some local businesses in Baltimore are protesting after the death of Freddie Gray . "We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," says Charmington's co-owner .
University of Florida and Emory University investigating allegations of disrespectful behavior . Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members allegedly spitting, urinating and pouring beer on veterans .
Theresa Devine and Steve Esmond and their two children fell gravely ill and suffered seizures . Officials say there is evidence methyl bromide was used at least twice at the gated Sirenusa resort .
Jihadi chiefs treat women differently: Killing the enemy, the men . Peter Bergen: In Nigeria, Boko Haram also has a very specific approach to women . Women captives move from house to house and village to village, forced to convert .
Al-Labani's family identified him as a victim killed in a mortar strike last week . The 45-year-old gas station owner had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the U.S. But he never made it on a flight back to his home Hayward, California .
The pope will visit Washington, New York and Philadelphia, the Vatican says . Cuba's state-run television reported that Francis would visit, but the Vatican did not report exactly when he would arrive . Francis has played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States .
A&E is reimagining the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African slave who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery . The original will encounter a new generation of viewers who witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation's first African-American president .
Frida Ghitis: ISIS seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world . She says the military backbone of ISIS is made up not by group of Baathists, but by Saddam Hussein's army . ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause .
The underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks to double in size . Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean . Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened .
A stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross . The latest relic of the cross on which Jesus had died stalled out because it was now -- mysteriously -- empty .
Italian spelunkers spied Altamura Man's skull staring back at them from its nook in a cave . The bones were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them .
David Perry: Public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down . He says the justices have always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers .
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel have announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls . The series is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content, toys, books and TV specials .
Gene Seymour: Why did Henry Louis Gates do a TV show if he was concerned about racism? He says if his instinct was to tackle issues closer to home, he could have paid a genealogist to uncover his ancestry .
LZ Granderson: A white police officer claims he feared for his life, is justified in killing unarmed black man . LZ: There is no plausible evidence that officer feared For his life when Scott is running away . He says black community seethes with rage because it knows injustice was done . Writer: North Charleston has 80% white police force, with population of 47% black, 37% white .
The BP oil spill continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer . John Sutter: The principle "out of sight, out of mind" doesn't apply in Gulf states . He says the oil spill deserves our attention and more resources to repair .
SpaceX says Tuesday is the next opportunity for a Falcon 9 rocket to launch . It will carry an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral to the International Space Station .
Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday night in what AQAP's media wing called a "crusader airstrike" Yemen has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves last year .
James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . Jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the shooting .
CNN's Octavia Nasr says the Aden port, Aden, was almost double the length of its direct route . As the seas squaring off, the crew couldn't risk getting too close to shore, she says .
Syrian smugglers are smuggling from Turkey to Italy for a fee of $6,500 . CNN's John Sutter talks with a migrant who returned to Syria late last year . Sutter: "I would have done anything to get to Europe. It wasn't easy"
Mark O'Mara: I see a medical marijuana revolution in the eyes of sterling scientists . He says 53% of Americans favor legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes . A psychiatrist says he sees the medical marijuana debate in the "right place" He says it's burning white hot among young people, uprooting lives for medicine .
Vladimir Putin answers questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation . Russia's leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran .
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who say he's on the faculty . The group of 10 doctors sent a letter to Columbia University expressing disapproval .
Three people in Kansas have died in the past year . 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria, the CDC says . Blue Bell Creameries recall their entire product line to 23 states .
Baltimore mom Toya Graham yank her son from a protester's head and hit him with her fists . Roxanne Jones: Isn't violence at home what leads to violence outside home? She asks: What we need in communities like Baltimore is more mothers like her?
Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a tornado on Sunday . He said it was a monster of one. It looked half a mile wide . There have been no reports of deaths .
Alexis Keslar and her twin sons were walking along a canal when she tried to fend off a bee . The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, Arizona police say .
The death toll in Nepal stands at 3,218, a government spokesman says . India has reported 56 deaths, and China another 20 . Stunned residents wandered the streets of Kathmandu seeking pieces of their former lives .
A Lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway on Sunday . Gary Terry, 36, of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene . The driver lost control of the vehicle, Florida Highway Patrol says .
U.S., EU would lift sanctions that have crippled Iran's economy . "It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says . Iran state television broadcast Obama's speech, something many Iranians say is unprecedented . The deal would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% .
"All-New X-Men" No. 40" leaked on Tuesday . Bobby Drake, aka Iceman, is gay . Comic book pages provided to CNN show his sexuality .
Pro-democracy legislators have sworn to veto a Beijing-backed election proposal . The proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 . Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over what kind of political system it should have as a Special Administrative Region of China .
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions "cruel and unnecessary" He didn't say what permanent actions, if any, would be taken against Indonesia .
William Bennett: Lincoln never lost his ardor for U.S. to remain united during Civil War . He says Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered 28,000 troops 150 years ago . Grant and Lee met at Appomattox Courthouse to haveh out terms of surrender .
Five young men arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in "ISIS-inspired" plot . Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries" Police say the suspects planned to attack during a national commemoration in a week .
2015 is the year the term "transgender" entered mainstream consciousness . Bruce Jenner has become more feminine in recent months as the reality TV star underwent a very public gender transition .
Lee says regime hates the movie because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God . Lee fills balloons with helium and ties them with a timer attached to release the bundles .
Lifelong Catholic John Sutter talks to CNN about the new edition of the Book of Genesis . His favorite topic is Seth, the forgotten son of Adam and Eve who is born after Cain kills Abel . Sutter: The whole first two chapters have everything to do with the earth and man's place in it .
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo . The Liverpool native snaps Drake, Justin Bieber, One Direction, Mumford & Sons, Snoop Dogg, Red Hot Chili Peppers . Play the videos below to find out how to supercharge your pictures for social media success .
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana . It is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe . To see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble can currently see .
Phoenix police officer tells investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at suspect . Officer Michael Rapiejko slammed his car into suspect as he walked through business park . Valencia survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day .
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz creates tiny polymer sculpture called "Nano" The 45-year-old has created statues of the classical myth of Cupid and Psyche . Hurwitz: "It was horror. You just destroyed or lost the smallest human form that was ever created in history"
Hundreds of migrants have died this year alone, according to the IOM . Every year 22,000 people have died in the Mediterranean alone, IOM says . More than 10,000 migrants have arrived in Italy since the weekend .
Liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- is founded on the birthday of Thomas Jefferson . Its founder Vit Jedlicka says he will invite, through the media, to attend a ceremony marking the nation's birth . He opposes excessive government interference .
Sudan's northern white rhinos Fatu and Najin live at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya . Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct . Rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by belief in Asia that their horns cure various ailments .
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America . Retail sales more than doubled last year . It's basically made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels, flavored with sweetener .
An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests is among the 64 people wounded . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denies his group was responsible for the attack .
Police say the girl's 4-month-old sister had been dead for at least a few weeks . The teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with death, police say . Authorities are searching for the girls' parents, who may be in California with five other children .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "wanted to terrorize this country," Bill Richard says . He "chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston," a father of a bomb victim .
Jurors haven't reached a verdict yet in the Boston Marathon bombing trial . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, faces life in prison or the death penalty .
An international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers . Those responsible should be brought to justice, according to Amnesty International .
Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead by an officer in South Carolina . Protesters chant, "No justice! No peace!" as the mayor calls for a step down .
North Charleston, South Carolina, has some of the stark differences in the police shootings . It's possible that the clear-cut imagery of an officer shooting a fleeing man in the back may result in charges against the officer . Black residents outnumber whites on the city's 53-member force, yet at the time of Brown's shooting .
Angelo West, a former U.S. Army Ranger, was shot dead last month . The officer, John Moynihan, was released from a Boston hospital Saturday .
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, 73 . Harris had been trying to sell an illegal handgun to an undercover officer . When he was shot, Bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand, and apologized .
Two audio pieces emerge in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina . The voices of Michael Slager can be heard in both . Walter Scott, 50, is charged with murder after cell phone video emerged .
Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence . Harris family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality .
An Arizona police chief supports an officer's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect . The move could have killed the suspect, but deadly force was justified, he says .
Two immigrants and three South Africans were killed in Durban, authorities say . Gift of the Givers charity is helping those seeking refuge . It says 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of violence .
Muslims threw 12 overboard, killing them because they formed a "human chain," police say . Last year at least 3,200 people have died trying to make the trip, an IOM says .
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006 . He was one of two defendants in a 2005 arrest for allegedly slaming his car into a suspect .
A 2-year-old boy dies after being struck by a bullet in a Milwaukee street . The driver and the teen were both felled by bullets .
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Maltese PM says . A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya . The Italian Coast Guard said 28 people had been rescued and 24 bodies recovered .
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouts into a megaphone . "Mr. Gray's family deserves justice," says Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake .
Police in Vineland, New Jersey, respond to a call of a disorderly person . Officer says Freddie Gray "tried to grab my gun" as he was arrested, handcuffed . Gray wavered into a coma and died a week later .
At least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of Freddie Gray . Gray's family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he fell into a coma .
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," post says . Ebony Dickens, 33, of East Point, Georgia, appeared in court on a charge of disseminating information .
In 1942, the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat . The ship sank to more than 16,800 feet under the surface of (5,150 meters)
Most of the tickets for Saturday's clash in Las Vegas have sold out . The most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website was retailing for a mammoth $128,705 but has since skyrocketed . Boxing promoter Bob Arum says fans are being deprived of their fair share of tickets .
The trope of widespread hostility between Asian and black communities first took root in the media consciousness . Howard Kurtz: This is a persistent and hyperbolic distraction that shifts blame away from real issues .
Twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list . The group includes 19 women and five men . Opening statements are scheduled to begin on April 27 . James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people in a theater massacre in July 2012 .
Joyce Bruce had a friend use his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . She thought they should just be friends, but she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent .
Jordan Spieth became the second-youngest winner of the Masters on Sunday . The 21-year-old became the fifth man to have led from start to finish over four days . His autistic sister provides him with perspective as he aims to take the Masters .
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her students . Students write their names on their notes or share them only with her, or with entire class .
Valegro and Dujardin won their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas at the weekend . Their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport, but still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival .
The world's top showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals . The venue is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjmping in 2000 . Vegas organizers are trying to change the way the sport operates in the United States .
A Japan Railway maglev train ran 603 kilometers per hour on a test track Tuesday . A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers . Witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set .
Two CNN Heroes are among the survivors of earthquake in Kathmandu . The nonprofit is home to 425 young women and girls . A second earthquake damaged the once-vibrant campus .
CNN affiliate Voodoo Tacos has teamed up with the University of Nebraska at Omaha . The taco will hurtle into the stands at public gatherings with t-shirts, stuffed toys and dog .
Singleton Moms has provided practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in the Phoenix area . Tiffany Montgomery, 48, was a newly single mom when she was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer . Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 .
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit Guitars Over Guns pairs middle-school students with musicians . Bernstein says his nonprofit has seen more than a 90% increase in academic performance and school attendance of students in Miami-Dade County .
Less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans support gays' and lesbians' right to wed . Poll: Now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it . With Supreme Court's case, an interfaith coalition of clergy is planning to march in support of LGBT rights .
More than 3,400 people have died in the earthquake in Nepal . The country is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate pregnancies .
Lawmaker: Kim Jong Un executed on charges of espionage four members of the Unhasu Orchestra . The National Intelligence Service says there is a strong possibility Kim will visit Russia .
Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory restrictions on water use for the first time in California's history . Richard Seager: California now has global significance: Lack of clean fresh water is a serious problem in much of the world .
Frank Jordan took his 35-foot sailboat out in January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days . He broke his shoulder when the boat capsized . Jordan drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed .
Yong Soo Lee of Taegu, Korea, was lured by a friend to meet with an older Japanese man . Lee suffered beatings and torture, was infected with a venereal disease, was fed paltry amounts of food . In 2007, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe issued an unequivocal and irrefutable apology .
In the U.S., almost 42 million adults have been married more than once . LZ Granderson: The culture rich in divorce is a good example of a marriage .
"There is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today," says Chile's National Geological and Mining Service . Ash from Calbuco Volcano has erupted twice in 24 hours . People are removing salmon amid fear of contamination from ash and lava .
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he robbed a bank and used heroin every day . By 2005, he had been snorting heroin for two years . Now he is trying to help others by slashing addiction costs .
NASA: The probe crashed into the surface of Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel . The probe sent back data indicating that ice in Mercury's shadowed polar regions would be two miles thick .
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . Last summer, ISIS fighters swept through the Iraqi city of Mosul . Learning classes would resume on 24 Dhu al-Hijjah 1435 in the Islamic calendar .
Justice Anthony Kennedy brings up the fact that marriage "bestows dignity" "The argument cuts quite against you," Kennedy says . The court is divided by questions about the definition of marriage and whether the decision should be left to voters .
At least 74 children are known to have been killed since the fighting began on March 26 . Separately, airstrikes wiped out about a fifth of armored vehicles, a senior official says .
As many as 1,600 migrants have died in the Mediterranean city of Catania . Two northern European cities are bracing for a bigger wave of migrants . The city's mayor says it cannot absorb the ever-growing numbers .
The Italian ship Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa . It has been the first entry into Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East . Migrants have been mired in trafficking in drugs, alcohol and drugs .
Dozens of bodies were pulled from the historic nine-story Dharahara tower that came crashing down . U.N.: Numbers of people killed, injured and affected continue to rise .
Jameis Winston has said the sex was consensual, her lawyer says . Prosecutors decided against bringing criminal charges in the case, the suit says. The former FSU student says Winston welcomes the opportunity to clear his name with the truth.
Joseph Kent is being held on a charge of curfew violation, Maryland authorities say . A lawyer for Kent says he was released from jail after his CNN show was broadcast Thursday morning .
Taylor Swift: I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private . Swift's mom went to the doctor for tests anyway "just to get me and my brother off her case" Swift has retweeted more than 21,000 tweets about her mom .
Sarah Brady, chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence until she died . "Sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through"
Former Saddam Hussein deputy reportedly killed in Baghdad . Al-Douri was highest-ranking member of Saddam's regime to evade capture, "King of Clubs" He was a key figure in extremist groups battling the Iraqi government .
India's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth . President Xi Jinping is managing the slowdown with efforts to boost domestic spending, cracking down on corruption . India is expected to outpace China as the world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year .
"The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," Deputy President William Ruto says . Kenya's government says Mohamed Mohamud's "extensive terrorist network within Kenya" extends into sprawling Dadaab complex .
Guenter Grass, best known around the world for his novel "The Tin Drum," has died . He was taken over the weekend and died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck .
Bikram Choudhury is accused of sexually assaulting six students . He says he wants to "tell the truth to the world, that I never assaulted them" One former student says the Yoga guru is lying .
In February, "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date . The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency says an experienced marksman "repeatedly hit moving and evading targets"
Russian president will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . Last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes, a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes . The Kremlin says they have to sift through well over 1.7 million emails, video messages and texts .
Six protesters climb aboard Shell oil rig to protest plans to drill in the Arctic . "Everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power!" one American activist tweets .
Obama arrived in Panama late Thursday for the Summit of the Americas . Cuba and the United States had endured a half-century of enmity .
The Solar Impulse 2 is an experimental plane attempting to fly around the world . It was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in Chongqing but has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay . The plane's mission is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy .
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts: "We know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner" "It does not get at the core of this case," says Gray's family attorney . Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, a witness says .
The five activists on women's rights were picked up by police in three different cities . "No tears, no ecstasy... just wondering what we're going to do next," tweeted Li's girlfriend . They were planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation .
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station" Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission .
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in a 2013 Columbia University rape claim . He was accused of allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist"
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs . It's unclear how Gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later .
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . CNN has vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts .
For decades, the U.S. military boasted the most technologically advanced submarine fleet . But China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces .
South Carolina man who recorded police officer's fatal shooting says he was told to stop using his phone . "I witnessed everything," man tells CNN .
An unarmed motorist was bloodied during a traffic stop in January . The police chief who arrested the man is charged with assault and mistreatment . William Melendez, 49, has pleaded not guilty to the new charges .
The U.N. appeals for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations . Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques . It has kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted last year .
Protesters pack streets of major Brazilian cities pushing for President's impeachment . President Dilma Rousseff is accused of running a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme . Her approval rating has dropped to 13% after protests began last month .
Non-profit company specializes in digital preservation of threatened historical architecture . CyArk has a plan to scan 500 World Heritage sites in five years . Ancient Thebes, Chichen Itza, Mesa Verde, Petra, Pompeii, Rapa Stones are among them .
Ex-Chinese school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with 12,000 women over 25 years . Police seized 147,600 photos that he took of his activities over the years, police say . Yuhei Takashima, 64, is accused of producing pornography with a girl of 13 or 14 .
South Carolina police release dash cam video in connection with fatal shooting of Walter Scott . Scott's family attorney says the man with Scott was a co-worker and friend . But the footage does not show the actual shooting .
Pappy Van Winkle, one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world, was reported missing in October 2013 . The high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job," sheriff Pat Melton said . On Tuesday, a grand jury indicted members of a criminal syndicate .
A monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake hit Nepal Saturday . Rescuers evacuated 13 mountaineers from a base camp . Many of those killed came from other countries, an army spokesman says .
President Obama and Cuba's Raul Castro meet on the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas . The meeting comes as the two countries work to end the Cold War enmity that had led to a total freeze .
The World Happiness Report lists the top 10 happiest places on Earth . Switzerland tops the list, rising to first place from Denmark in 2015 . The tiny country of Bhutan is famous for measuring the "Gross National Happiness" of its people . A visit to these "happy places" will give you a taste of what locals enjoy every day .
Police meet with passenger who was in Scott's car when police shot him . South Carolina mayor: "This is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community" Scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from an officer, police say .
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing this year . The latest sinking has triggered some action in the EU, which has unveiled a new action plan .
The al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black, being killed in Libya . "All praise be to Allah, the Lord and cherisher of the world," the video's narrator says .
ISIS and Al-Shabaab aim to create societies governed by strict Sharia law . Other victims of ISIS are fellow Muslims who refuse to go along with ISIS worldview . Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican in March 2010 .
Mohamed Morsy was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence . He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters, including some of his presidential staff .
The church was torched and looted by a mob, Human Rights Watch reports . Some of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia .
Aaron Hernandez is found guilty of first-degree murder and unlawful possession of a firearm . He also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide .
Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park is home to an endangered mountain gorilla . Edwin Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. The prisoners were put to prison for tricking the people and finding reasons behind their actions.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus -- then inching closer . "Killing Jesus," a NatGeo production, is rebroadcast Sunday on Fox .
Incisions made from obsidian, a type of volcanic glass, can produce many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . A small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that heal with minimal scarring . Obsidian is cleaves into a fine and continuous edge when properly cut, according to Dr. Lee Green .
On Saturday, music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day . They will host live performances, drawings, book signings, rare or autographed vinyl .
Ernst Haas is one of the great photojournalists and image-makers of Magnum . His work is as famous as the movies he worked on, Jacob says .
Robert Bates has pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter . He is accused of fatally shooting Eric Harris, who he says he meant to subdue . His vacationing in Bahamas sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting .
Fatu Kekula was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family . Now, she wears scrubs bearing emblem of Emory University Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing . "I'm thankful to CNN and I appreciate the people who made donations," she says .
Shelby Offrink was paralyzed from the belly button down . After a week of treatment, Shelby lost feeling in her legs . She decided to "terminate" her tumors .
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter . In 2010, it introduced gowns after being prompted by the CEO, who often heard patient complaints .
Protesters shoving matches with cops in downtown Baltimore . At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them .
A Swiss physicist is using lasers to make cloud seeding a cleaner version of the technology . Cloud seeding is light, nothing but light; condensation is condensed into droplets and ice crystals mimicking the natural process that creates clouds .
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, official says . Official: 217 Yazidis were released by Peshmerga, sending them to Kurdish regional capital .
Dr. Anthony Moschetto is accused of plotting to kill a rival doctor on Long Island . His attorney calls the allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated"
Questions arise about the identity of the girl who helped operate on . Sanjay Gupta helped doctors perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room . Girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood .
Philadelphia design studentackson Gordon has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl . The Batsuit had to be strong enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife . Gordon raised $1,255 in 6 days before launching a Kickstarter campaign .
ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, officials say . The group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers .
Magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and death toll is expected to rise . Google India launched person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on missing and those who have been found .
Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers discovered in newly liberated Tikrit . Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered . ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher .
The rescue took 10 more hours to dig Rishi Khanal out of the wreckage . A 4-month-old baby was rescued 22 hours after the quake struck, Nepal's paper reports .
Eight of Mary Jane Veloso's fellow death row inmates are put to death by firing squad . "We are so happy, so happy. I thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good," her mother says . Filipinos, lawyers claim the young mother was the victim of human trafficking .
More than 100 people were arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally Wednesday night . "Philly is Baltimore" protest will take place at Philadelphia City Hall, WXIX reports .
Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations . In Washington, about 500 protesters gather in middle of H Street and 7th .
Zuriel Oduwole was born in California to a Nigerian father and Mauritian mother . She has four documentaries under her belt, all of which focus on African issues . Her most recent project catapulted her to international recognition .
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate . It fought with the United States' founding fathers in the War of Independence .
With over 4,400 dead, 8,000 injured and 8 million people across Nepal affected . How to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid . Relief organizations say tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes .
FBI to investigate whether civil rights were violated during videotaped beating . The video was captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for KNBC .
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students . Families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved .
A large storm system dubbed Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean . The storm is expected to weaken further to become a tropical storm by the time it reaches the Philippines .
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs . CF is a nation-leading organization that works to reduce infections in the crowded population . In the U.S., about 1 million people in the country have cystic fibroses .
Dwekh Nawsha -- "The Sacrificers" -- has formed a militia to fight against ISIS . The Assyrians belong to a rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq .
Two African-American candidates make Ferguson City Council 50% black . Ella Jones and Wesley Bell win Ward 3 seat with nearly 67% of the vote .
Pope: "In the past century, our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies" Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" Turkey's former ambassador says the use of the word "genocide" was "a one-sided evaluation"
North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder . Slager pulled Scott over Saturday for a broken taillight, authorities say . The officer said Scott ran from the vehicle during a traffic stop, a police report says .
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are accused of planning terrorist attacks . They allegedly planned to build an explosive device for attacks in the U.S., prosecutors say .
The nationwide recall is voluntary . So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported . Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections .
Yarmouk refugee camp "profoundly threatened," says Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . ISIS and al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control 90% of camp in Damascus, activists say . U.N. agency estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp .
The northern Ramadi districts were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done . Iraqi security forces discovered tunnels that could have led opposition fighters to a central government compound .
Iraqi forces take control of northern city of Tikrit . CNN team sees vehicles laden with explosives that might be booby-trapped . Officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors .
Dean Obeidallah: Hillary Clinton has been called by her first name by a number of people . He says she's a former senator and secretary of state, but so should Marco .
Three people are shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, a city spokesman says . There is a suspect in custody in the latter case: a 20-year-old male .
Walter Scott, 50, was killed Saturday by a South Carolina police officer . Scott was also the father of four children and Coast Guard veteran . His brother says he watched a video of his brother being shot dead .
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen . A pause is needed in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden .
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting Christians . In early April, 147 people were killed at Garissa University, the group's deadliest attack to date. In northeast Nigeria, Boko Haram has been waging war against the government and civilians.
Many Clouds is jockey Leighton Aspell's first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses . McCoy has announced he would retire if he won the Grand National for the second time in his career . His horse Shutthefrontdoor is in the top group as it negotiates the likes of Becher's Brooke and The Chair .
Former Blackwater employee sentenced to life in prison, 3 others to 30 years each . Four were convicted in a 2007 mass shooting in Baghdad that left 17 people dead . Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashing "powerful sniper fire"
An unidentified male walks through the west front of the Capitol and kills himself, police say . Witnesses tell CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched . The male carried a message about "social justice," a witness says .
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history . Lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary B-52 bomber and the famous U2 spy jet .
Most Indian nationals work in Yemen's capital, Sanaa . They are mostly Indians, plus Yemenis and people from other countries .
Four Al-Shabaab militants attacked a Kenyan college Friday, killing 147 people . Investigators marked the locations of the dead with numbered tags before Red Cross workers came in .
Lane Bryant launches #ImNoAngel ad campaign . The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its popular Angels line .
Officers John Rogers and Andrew Hutchins won't face criminal prosecution in the case . The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family .
NASA says it's found evidence of water on a number of celestial bodies . The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries, NASA says . Former astronaut John Grunsfeld: It's an exciting time .
DreamWorks centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show . The film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, Daryl Mitchell and Enrico Colantoni .
Police: A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the roof of the White House . The discovery comes on the same day a government plan to restart two reactors in Kagoshima prefecture .
Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday morning . A NYPD bomb squad sweeps lockers in response to a possible bomb threat . The iconic statue closed in 2012 because of damage from Superstorm Sandy .
Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules . Nearly 60% of people in America's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time .
The New South China Mall is the largest in the world in terms of leasable space . Many of the previously abandoned buildings are now full of shops, restaurants and entertainment venues . Even on Saturday, much of the mall is still vacant .
NYPD detective on modified assignment faces suspension, reassignment or loss of clearance . In video, the detective begins yelling at the driver and mocking his accent . "No good cop can watch that without a wince," says NYPD commissioner .
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire started their business as a medical marijuana dispensary . In 2014, legal marijuana was a $700 million industry in Colorado and was billed as the fastest growing industry in the U.S.
Paramedics took Brynn Duncan, 21, to a South Carolina hospital for an allergic reaction . When you're allergic to life, a near-death experience is no big deal . The hospital disinfected a tube connected to her jugular vein and costs 150/102 .
President Dilma Rousseff is facing an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal . Protesters are calling for the President to be impeached . One is an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run Petrobras .
Organizers unloaded 147 crosses from a truck and quietly planted them in the ground . As the country mourned the victims, others took to social media to humanize them .
Indonesian President Joko Widodo intends to show no mercy for Bali Nine drug smugglers . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are serving lengthy prison sentences . Seven other members of the group were arrested at Indonesian airport .
More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF says . The abduction of 200 schoolgirls a year ago captured global attention and inspired the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls .
The U.S. is moving to a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force . It was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms, ammunition, even fuel for vehicles . The logistics are meticulously built, with no doorhandles on the outer doors .
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices . Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound . Other companies are readying devices that could shake the foundations of electronic entertainment .
Google Maps and the company was a day early to the party rolling out the game Tuesday . The massive tech company is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks . Twitterers have been playing Pac-Man in cities across the country .
Jury deliberations resume Wednesday morning . Aaron Hernandez is accused of murdering Odin Lloyd in June 2013 . His fiancée Shayanna Jenkins and former New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft are in court .
CNN's Laura Bernardini is a lifelong Catholic and manages the newsgathering and newsroom in Washington . She has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, a jokingly refers to herself as the highest-ranking Catholic in the bureau.
Central Party School aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies . The app allows users to access traditional texts, statements and publications . It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app .
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter confirm to The Hollywood Reporter . "He was and will always be my hero, and I will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best I am able," his son wrote .
"I didn't want to open my eyes," a 19-year-old Kenyan says . Al-Shabaab militants shot Cynthia Cheroitich in her dorm room at a university . Kenya's governor says the militants are killing Muslims and Somalis .
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a "fix" to his state's religious freedom law on Sunday . The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce.com .
Joni Mitchell is in intensive care undergoing tests, official says . Some of Mitchell's best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me"
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb Mount Everest, part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site . An experienced team from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to collect at least 8,000 pounds of waste .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls the emerging deal a historic mistake . He says the agreement would pose a "grave danger to the region and to the world" Israel's security will remain a prime concern in ensuing negotiations and the final deal, which faces a June 30 deadline .
Two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam, Puerto Rico . FBI is on scene investigating, including the FBI, Holland America Line says .
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani says "there is a third path. We can cooperate with the world" He says he thinks most now realize that Iran "is pursuing peaceful objectives"
Tornado conditions more dangerous during the night, CNN meteorologist says . Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate .
Tornado conditions more dangerous during the night, CNN meteorologist says . Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate .
Lane Smith was eight months pregnant when he fell and hit his head . His 6-month-old son Taos arrived weeks later for a 6-month photo . The photo has become a social media sensation .
147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured when Al-Shabaab opened fire on a college campus . The number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt . Every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable .
More than 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor . The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country . Paradoxically, the group also rates Nigeria's anti-trafficking agency, Naptip as a human trafficking agency .
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18 . The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future . Nima has one of the densest populations in Accra .
The controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law might not change your mind . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence says the law is basically a copy of the federal law .
Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein . Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January .
More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East . The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people . 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu .
Talks on Iran's nuclear program run deep into early hours Thursday morning . But by Thursday morning, there was still no deal . "I've always said that an agreement and pressure do not go together," Iranian minister says .
Germanwings Flight 9525 reportedly captured cockpit alarms, warned co-pilot to "pull up" There are calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy crash avoidance software . The software could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude .
Indiana's RFRA was passed in 1993, and it had bipartisan support . Writers: Nation needs to shape its laws to allow people to live their lives consistent with religious obligations .
Christians have been targeted by extremists in Iraq, Syria, Libya, India, Egypt, Kenya, Kenya and Nigeria . Nic Robertson: This is the year when we should also reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord .
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won the presidential election in Nigeria by about two million votes . This isn't Buhari's first time leading Nigeria -- but it's his first time in nearly 30 years . Buhari is a Sunni Muslim from Nigeria's poorer North, while Jonathan comes from a Christian and animist South .
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend . It is the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 (including Imax locations)," Overseas, the movie is also poised to do massive business, putting its global debut north of $250 million .
Gov. Jerry Brown orders water restrictions to be lifted for the first time . The change amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water equals about 325,000 gallons . Exclusion prompted some criticism, as agriculture uses about 80% of California's developed water supply .
Eric Liu: Fast-food workers making it less acceptable for profitable companies like McDonald's to pay wages so low they are boxed into poverty . Liu says the National Labor Relations Board disagree on the need for a $15 minimum wage .
Iranians erupt in celebration after breakthrough nuclear deal . Deal struck on final day of Persian New Year festivities . Some Iranians celebrated the moment by snapping selfies in front of the TV .
The statue has been a tourist draw since 2009 for Celoron, New York, attracting visitors . The Facebook group "We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue" got a story on Yahoo! News this week . Ball wants to see a statue replaced with a new one outside a Comedy Hall of Fame .
Three men have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit a crime . Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev, Akhror Saidakhmetov, and Abror Habibov are charged with document fraud .
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time . The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse . Watchers in eastern half of North America caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places, orange one .
Queen Elizabeth is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge . In presidential elections Americans vote in each state for "electors," who support the candidate they want leading the country . The election could result in the handing of power from Cameron's Conservative government to Labour Party .
Millions of Turks were left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade . The energy minister suggested a possible failure in transmission lines .
Three Ferguson, Missouri, employees either resigning or being fired after the emails were discovered . The emails make offensive references to President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and Muslims .
Ann and Gordon Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner says . A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating, police say .
Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24 . David Perry: We need to recognize mental illness as a broad category encompassing many different challenges .
Prince Harry arrives in Canberra, Australia, on Monday for four weeks with the country's military . The 30-year-old prince has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions . His program with them will be "challenging," including urban settings and patrolling the Australian bush .
Kamron Taylor, 23, jumped a correctional officer and took off with a jail guard's uniform and SUV . "It's not a common name to have around your neck," sheriff says .
A Kenyan resident says two airstrikes hit Al-Shabaab training camps . Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi hours after the Garissa massacre began, a police source says .
Indiana owner Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business, Memories Gourmet Pizza . They launched the business in Nichols, Wisconsin, after people began mistaking them for the business . To their anger, Facebook page began to flood, and they were forced into a national debate .
Two residents, a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia . Two Bundaberg residents were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm . Queensland police say the crime scene was "nothing short of abhorrent"
Tests show co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately used controls to speed up descent, investigators say . "Works is continuing to establish the precise history of the flight," French investigator says . Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation .
Prince to arrive in Australia for four-week stint with armed forces . Harry "will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army"
Freddie Gray, 25, died 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . His death is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving African-Americans and law enforcement .
A complete skeleton of a camel found in the city of Tulln has been found . Archaeologists say it was probably used by the Ottoman army to transport camels . Other camel bones have been found in Central Europe and Central Europe .
Two Florida corrections officers, one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate . FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK: the Traditional American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan .
Talks this week were historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship . The Beau-Rivage Palace Hotel played host to the eight-day round of talks .
This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
The Missouri National Guard used militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" The messages are contained in internal mission briefings .
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS . One lawmaker describes the move as "dancing with the devil" Bishop became first Australian government minister to visit Iran in 12 years .
The crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists . Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since it encountered it in the Southern Ocean . The crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the Sao Tome coastguard .
Three African Union troops die in an ambush in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia . The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday's attack .
Huntley High School's blended learning program combines Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . Students and educators often refer to the program simply as "blended" Students have the option of flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days .
Charlie Hill is seeking to leave his safe haven and return to the United States . Hill has been a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary . The U.S. and Cuba are working to re-establish full diplomatic ties .
Okawa died Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan . She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren . The oldest person ever was Jeanne Louise Calment, who died at age 122 in 1997 .
Pope Francis ended his traditional Easter speech with a wish that peace process resumes . He also wished all a happy Easter for the poor, the sick and the suffering .
Noose found hanging from tree on campus; officials ask anyone with information to call campus police . Duke president: "You came here for the reason that you want to say with me, 'This is no Duke we will accept.'"
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance Thursday . He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad, according to a complaint .
Attackers burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages, a lecturer says . "The attackers proceeded to the hostels," he says, "shooting anybody they came across" Kenya's interior minister says four terrorists were killed and plans are "underway"
Militants in a mountainous area on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops . 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening, the Saudi media outlet says . U.S. Navy warships patrolling Yemen in search of suspicious weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels .
Lawyer says Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for years . But he and his client haven't been able to find Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku to serve him papers .
This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Labour and Conservatives combined took 97% of the votes back in the 1950s . Now they struggle to collect two-thirds of the national vote between them . David Cameron is a perfectly capable debater and Nick Clegg is an awkward geek .
This page includes the show Transcript . Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news .
CNN's Al Marmoum camel race takes place in Dubai's majlis . Camel racing bears no relevance to the modernity of camel racing . Owners are rewarded with cash prizes for their efforts .
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls have been snatched . Frida Ghitis: We should all feel shame that lives of young girls can be shattered . She says a year ago, we stood as one rallying around #BringBackOurGirls .
Doctor Sergio Canavero says he has part of the funding secured for a 2015 head anastomosis venture . He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient, a 30-year-old Russian man with Werdnig-Hoffman disease . AANOS is holding its annual conference to raise money for the first human whole head transplant .
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army . As he fled, his family fled, but he found himself again surrounded by war . He suffers from Alzheimer's disease, a degenerative condition that impairs memory .
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold in a multifaction battle over Yemen . AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen's capital . Houthi rebels forced Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh from power in January .
Attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the Ministry of Education . Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside . Soldiers from the African Union, who are in Somalia in part to support the government's fight against Al-Shabaab, teamed up with Somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers .
Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN his country is suffering in the war with Russia . Ukrainian boxer is the world's most recognizable heavyweight champion . The 43-year-old has led the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform since 2010 . Tensions in the former Soviet state remain high despite a ceasefire in February .
Alabama inmate freed after 30 years on death row . "I have to pinch myself to tell myself that I'm free," 58-year-old Ray Hinton says .
Norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely . Many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move .
A new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera . O.C. Marsh named the dinosaur, "Brontosaurus," or "thunder lizard" Apatosauran had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region; Apasaurus had five . A vagrana expert says the two belong to each other .
Doug Hughes landing a gyrocopter on the Capitol's West Lawn landed on Wednesday . "My flight is not a secret," the post says, referring to having multiple children .
A number of dead fish have appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon . The latest rains have caused a temperature change in the water and excess of decaying organic matter . Officials have released a note that the dead fish has generated a bad smell and inconvenience .
Anthony Stokes was rejected from an Atlanta hospital for heart transplant surgery . A week after his story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart . Stokes is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of non-compliance .
Yemeni rebels withdraw from presidential palace after airstrikes . U.N. says 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 wounded in past two weeks . Two Yemeni humanitarian workers killed Friday in Yemen .
Dan Swangard joined a lawsuit last month to let doctors prescribe lethal medications . "This could be my own issue a year from now," Swangard says . The right-to-die movement has gained momentum around the world following the death of East Bay woman with brain cancer .
Mitchelle Angela Blair charged with killing her daughter, Stoni Blair, and then 9-year-old son . Both were determined to be homicides, a spokesman says .
Meatrix, "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe a decade ago . "Vegan Farming" generates huge profits while producing subpar meat, polluting air and water resources . Factory farms often avoid penalties for the damage they cause to the environment and public health .
SNL cast members begged the actor with a song to "play" Batman and Beetlejuice with them . Keaton's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics .
Collection of late actress and Hollywood icon, Lauren Bacall, sold for $3.64 million at Bonhams auction house in New York . Bacall first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "To Have And Have Not" George Clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech .
Kamron Taylor, 23, was set to be sentenced in May to murder in Kankakee, Illinois . Authorities don't know how he got out of his two-man cell, when he should have been locked down . He apparently disrobed the guard, a military veteran and 10-year employee .
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd ransacked hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash Wednesday . Customers of the business went in and out of the premises clearly unhappy about not being able to learn if their safe deposit boxes were among those .
Ayatollah Khamenei has defied the West in the face of increasing economic pressure . The standoff with the West has stretched longer than the war, writes Nadim Shehadi .
South African troops deploy to curb anti-immigrant violence in Johannesburg suburb . Defense minister: "This intervention is not an indictment on the police" Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 . Writers: We need to be wary of the simplistic treatment of South Africa's ailment as xenophobia .
A century ago, some dreamers decided to drain the swamp in Florida . John Bare says that without this swamp there can be no "good life"
Two employees were arrested for selling loose cigarettes, News 12 Brooklyn reports . Manager of Yemen Deli and Grocery store noticed $3,000 taken from a box .
U.S. is too reliant on Russian technology to meet security obligations, writes Andrew Hammond . Hammond: As global threats increase, we are faced with a troubling reality .
Providenciales climbs rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among travel review site's Travelers' Choice Award winners . Belize island Ambergris Caye drops out of top 10 completely this year .
David Frum: Rich capitalism is a juggernaut, with the world economy doubling every year . He says raw capitalism is the economics of greed, and it's greed that we get as the ultimate moral arbiter .
Malala Yousafzai writes an open letter to the girls on the 1st anniversary of her captivity . "Like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes . On Sunday, NASA astrophysicist named an asteroid after her .
Two African-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- elected to Ferguson City Council . 70% of Ferguson's 21,000 people are black, five of the six current City Council members are black . The election was the first city election since white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown .
Iran's preliminary nuclear deal is paves the way for a much broader deal by June . Frida Ghitis: President Hassan Rouhani has done nothing to improve living conditions of Iranians . She says a full deal ultimately represents a referendum on Rouhanis' foreign policy .
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in Negur, state media report . Iranian officials have reportedly asked Pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants .
"Star Wars: Rogue One" plot revealed at Star Wars Celebration fan festival Sunday . The movie will take place in between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Eploise IV: A New Hope" Director Gareth Edwards revealed plot details for the movie .
Andreas Lubitz crashed a Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps Tuesday . The co-pilot suffered from suicidal tendencies before his aviation career, prosecutor's office says .
A current California proposal would legalize killing gay people . LZ Granderson: "We're winning" is a phrase I've heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights .
The largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria sits just 6 miles from central Damascus . "They slaughtered them in the streets," says one resident . As many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp .
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says . The U.N. says food rations are being cut for lack of donations .
A new IT weapon has attacked servers outside their borders, says a new study . The "Great Cannon" blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks . It uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do the computer .
Yemen's Houthi rebels say weeks of airstrikes have weakened the Shiite group . "Our fighters will not evacuate," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says .
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people at a bus stop . One victim was Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, who died at the hospital . A woman remains in serious condition, police say .
Two high-profile shootings in Ukraine have muscled its way to the fore again this week . One of a former member of parliament with ties to Yanukovych was shot and killed . Journalist Oles Buzyna was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus .
#BringBackOurGirls was one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014 . The hashtag was used in more than four million tweets . Charles Alasholuyi has taken time nearly every day since the disappearance of the girls .
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday . The law will take effect in six months . It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman .
Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only non-military medical goods to pass its blockade . "If war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them," Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal says . U.N.: 182 dead, hundreds more wounded just last Wednesday and Sunday .
Prosecutors say Ailina Tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer . She denies aggravated harassment, which she says she made .
The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . The harrowing attack comes just months after militants killed non-Muslim workers in a Kenyan quarry .
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday . The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175 U.S. The door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date .
Twenty years ago, a massive truck bomb detonated in Oklahoma City killed 168 . Peter Bergen: The bombing exposed new dangers of the extreme right .
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down . Students used the hashtag #RhodesMustFall to express their views .
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers . London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night . The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered . Most of the arrests were for assault and being drunk and disorderly .
David Moore, 25, left his home to immediately find himself bumper-to-bumper . Rafal Cegielka, 45, was picking up his child from St John's Primary School . Pair had both wound down their car windows, when Moore jumped out of his vehicle . He then punched him through his open car window and chased him with it . Moore then ran after Mr Cegiellyka again and smashed up his car in the street . The court heard the force of the attack caused damage worth £500 .
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Georgian Football Federation . Two fans invaded the pitch during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany . Fines allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium .
Guus Hiddink slams supporters for booing Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta after his arrival in the 76th minute at the Amsterdam Arena . The win against Spain was a morale-boosting boost for the Dutch manager, who has endured a tough start to his second stint as national coach . Hidink was unimpressed with the way Inieesta was treated, saying: 'It's unbelievable, this is about sport. What was he supposed to do?'
Football agents were left in limbo as the licensing system for agents is to change . The FA will charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal . Already established licensed agents were exempt from the new regulations . New guidelines come in after FIFA effectively washed their hands of governing agents .
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday . Vicente del Bosque fielded experimental second-string side . Juanmi and Sevilla midfielder Vitolo became the 55th and 56th players to debut under the 64-year-old . Gerard Pique insists the national team's state of health is good .
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form . But quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury . The 27-year-old Belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed .
Giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the South on Tuesday . Despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt . Photographs taken after the storm passed show large punctures in a lawn . On Friday the icy blasts are set to drift further South, hitting cities hardest .
Latvian goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since January . He has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent . Despite the financial problems, he has been impressed by the 'unique' fans .
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia . But on March 22, a day after the girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they boarded a plane to Europe on March 22 violating a custody order . Police say the pair were last seen at Berger's home in Boerun Hill, Brooklyn .
The Liana's Ransom lost power in choppy weather early Monday morning . Two lifeboats were dispatched to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break . The crew were ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the replica schooner .
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . Skating with a full face mask during practice, the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin . While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller under his own power .
A 12-year-old boy fell from a five-storey window in Nanchang, China . He was sleeping on top of a white car and was taken to hospital . Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries .
Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in India . He began running towards the animals and shouted he would 'kill them' Mr Kumar explained that he was drunk and thought he'd stand a good chance .
Van was travelling on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco . About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof when it toppled on to one side . Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following it .
Hina Shamim was knocked down as she walked to the library in Kingston . The 21-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene after a BMW M3 crash . Six people taken to hospital to be treated for injuries which were not life-threatening . Driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
Charlie Sumner did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . The 20-year-old said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches . Sumner said he has no regrets about the stunt and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
Fire sparked by suspected arsonists in three locations in Dorset . Fanned by 40mph winds, flames up to 35ft high spread rapidly through the area . Firefighters remained at the scene until 1.15am yesterday after the blaze was finally brought under control . Two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, today arrested for arson attack .
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a Premier League game without an agreement with official broadcasters in 2006 . Landlord says he can't afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches . But he was fined and ordered to pay costs when screening matches were still treated as a criminal offence . The case was delayed until another case involving the company which took him to court on behalf of the Premier League . Mr Thorpe said: 'People stopped coming to the pub, it cost me my business'
Elephant was relaxing in Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached . In a gesture captured on camera, the African elephant squirts the bull with water to get it to leave, but misses its target . Amazing images were taken in the historic park, which opened in 1898, to help protect the wildlife of South Africa .
Incredible images have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast . The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW . Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . Similar display was shown on Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 .
Charlie Sumner performed stunt during Royals' FA Cup quarter-final win over Bradford City last month . The 20-year-old said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' Order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to Reading's future home and away matches . Sumner said he had no regrets about the stunt and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
Filipe Luis signed a three-year contract when he moved from Chelsea . But he has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is refusing to let his league leaders rest on their laurels until the job is done .
England are in Group D with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy . The tournament will take place in the east Bulgarian venues of Burgas, Sozopol, Sliven and Stara Zagora . Scotland, meanwhile, have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France .
Cracks in the structure of the West Stand were spotted on Tuesday morning . Northern Ireland played at Windsor Park on Sunday evening, beating Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in Group F . The Irish FA is currently awaiting a report from structural engineers .
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston . Mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain .
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images captures po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers . The photographs are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man .
Brittany Huber was killed in a car crash just days before their wedding last May . John Redman survived, but his body was left shattered . He was told by doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life . On March 24 the Dalton Roadrunners beat Westmont College of California 71-53 in Kansas City .
Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students . The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand . One of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of the teens .
Passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand . He sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint . In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper .
The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff . Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft . The white male, who has greying black hair and wore glasses, was captured on camera inside the bank .
Enner Valencia will not be available for Saturday's match with Leicester City . Sam Allardyce says Nigel Pearson has received unfair criticism in recent months . Hammers beat Leicester 2-0 in reverse fixture in mid-December .
Midfielder played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game at Anfield . Lucas had a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November . He suffered a groin problem in February's Merseyside derby saw him miss 10 games .
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic as he enters the final year of his contract . The goalkeeper has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium . His deputy Jack Butland recently extended his contract until 2019 while Mark Hughes also agreed new terms on an extension .
Defender Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season . The 19-year-old is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City . He has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany on his return to the club .
Morocco pulled out as hosts of the 2015 African Cup of Nations in Equatorial Guinea . The country was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million . CAF also demanded a further $9 million compensation after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic .
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Investment have formalised their purchase of Atletico Madrid . The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday . Legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
Simon Mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned home from international duty . The 27-year-old had been with the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel . He has become a key player in the Reds' renaissance since the turn of the year .
Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . Dumbarton have faced both of their former sides in the league this term . Murray's side currently have two matches to play against title winners Hearts, including Sunday's match at Ibrox .
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin had prompted 'fond memories' Former Juventus manager replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August . Conte reportedly received death threats after Claudio Marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of Euro 2016 qualifier . Graziano Pelle's long-range effort 11 minutes from time secured England a share of the spoils . Andros Townsend scored a brilliant goal from 25 yards to level the scores for Italy .
Andros Townsend scored in England's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin . 23-year-old has yet to reach heights he ever reached when he first burst onto the international scene . Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger in their belief he paid back in exceptional fashion .
A woman has unleashed a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent . The men swoop on her and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands . 'Touch me and ya gutted, you yellow eyed mother f*****r,' she says as the men scramble to pick up their own weapons . After a second tussle, she appears to be struck in the face .
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport . Told she would not be allowed to take flight home to Spain because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage . Teen offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one . She even offered to leave bag at airport as she begged to board 7am flight .
Gordon Robson, 26, was drinking at a bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear . He got into an argument with a friend of his grandfather John Potts . The 45-year-old had a single punch to the back of the head that was so hard it made a 'audible crack' Robson was jailed for three and a half years at Newcastle Crown Court .
Chyknell Hall Estate is set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire . Its 11-bedroom centrepiece, was built in 1814 and has changed hands twice . Owner will also be set up for entertaining with wine cellar, four-oven Aga, loggia, library and billiard room . 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights, including game shooting .
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich play one of the biggest fixtures on the German calendar this weekend . The two giant antagonists meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings . Dortmund are only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th in the Bundesliga .
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal . Locke joined the club as assistant manager to Allan Johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of February . The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park .
A study has outlined that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . If power napping throughout the day, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia set in .
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die' Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape . The boys say they didn't get a good look at West, but the Marion County Sheriff's office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist .
Ellen White managed Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood in the 26th minute . The former Notts County star span a box and smashed it into the corner . Greenwood almost ran into the latter, causing confusion at the free kick . Arsenal equalised five minutes from time when Chioma Ubogagu scored a debut goal to earn a point .
Jose Luis Gaya is a left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity . Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are interested in the 19-year-old . His buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m, though there are also reservations about his suitability to the Premier League . Gaya grew up playing as a winger before gradually being moved back to full-back . He flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat .
Tim Sherwood has urged Ron Vlaar to prove his worth at Aston Villa . The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and has shaken off a calf injury . Villa are three points above the relegation zone when they face a trip to Old Trafford on Saturday .
The drills are being offered by the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School . The 68 girls involved in the drill are all aged between 16 and 18 . However in a concession to safety, the knives are not real . Each of the girls will undergo some form of self-defence training .
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . His basketball skills have won him legions of fans across China .
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson scored for Birmingham City . Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham . Rob Kiernan's clumsy handling of Derbyshire near the hour mark saw Tesche go down in the box . Andrew Shinnie was unfortunate to be flagged offside by Donaldson .
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks about a takeover . Aston Villa are currently three points above the relegation zone . They travel to Manchester United on Saturday before the international break .
Fraser Forster has undergone surgery after falling awkwardly against Burnley . The Southampton goalkeeper will certainly be out for several months . Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer .
Jason Denayer is on loan at Manchester City from Manchester City . The 19-year-old Belgian defender has impressed for Celtic this season . Manuel Pellegrini's side will need to carry at least eight homegrown players .
The Bhoys lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying . A return to America for this July has not yet been ruled out . Deila says he wants to play less games, travel less and prepare for matches . Celtic development squad were thrashed 6-1 by Tottenham last year .
Virgil van Dijk didn't get a call-up to Holland's national team last year . Celtic boss Ronny Deila uses Jason Denayer's Belgium debut against Israel . Guus Hiddink's side have a better reputation than the Dutch, according to the SPFL .
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their semi-final match against Inverness Caledonian Thistle this month . The Parkhead club have set their feelings known after ticket prices were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions . Celtic say they are 'extremely disappointed' with the ticket prices .
David Alaba was injured playing for Austria against Bosnia on Tuesday . The left-back was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament . Alaba has been in excellent form for Bayern this season as they chase a treble of titles with spectacular goals .
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday . Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season . The 39-year-old was replaced by Allan Johnston on caretaker basis in February .
Paul Murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ‘solely’ to blame for the club’s stock exchange removal . Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market . Chairman-in-waiting Dave King is expected to be among the investors in a new share issue this summer .
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . Roy Hodgson's side were unlucky not to go on and win the game . Wayne Rooney said: 'We know we are a better team than that'
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are 'shocked' 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties . supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila confirms Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for the Scottish champions . The defender is out of contract at the end of the season but Hearts are in no rush to sell . Celtic are battling to keep hold of the services of highly-rated Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer .
Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful Darren Cole will turn out for his side . The 23-year-old midfielder is mourning the death of Shaun Cole, 22 . Cole was close to Shaun and paid tribute to the army private on Twitter . He was granted time off by the Championship side as they prepare to face Alloa in their first national final in 11 years.
Dane Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Hull KR . The forward will join up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese . He comes in after the retirement of Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey .
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory . X-ray revealed the 20g bag of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb . It would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, which is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia . Offenders are warned that they face serious charges when they are caught .
Alan Smith was injured during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit in 2006 . He was travelling to hospital via an ambulance after the incident at Anfield . Reports circulated Liverpool fans threw bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle . Smith says 'fans were still in the ground' as he returned seven months later .
ASU linebacker Davon Durant was arrested on domestic violence charges last month, but his girlfriend Kelsi Langley claims he never struck her . She held a press conference on Arizona State University's campus on Tuesday, saying her earlier story was 'completely made up' and he was innocent . 'I was angry. I'm a woman. Women have mood swings,' she said, claiming she lied about the assault because she was jealous .
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back . In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's names name . John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco and went unnoticed by fans checking out his famous past .
Bayern Munich's Franck Ribery has dismissed reports linking Kevin de Bruyne with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for veteran forwards Arjen Robben . De Bruyerne has scored nine goals and is topping league's assist charts with 16 . But the 23-year-old Belgian is the wrong type of player to come in under Pep Guardiola, says Franck . The pair's contracts run out in 2017 .
Eden Hazard was substituted 62 minutes into Belgium's win over Israel . The 24-year-old playmaker has played 48 games this season for club and country . Hazard has been an ever-present in their Barclays Premier League title charge this season .
Former Premier League defender says he has 'moved out of marital home' He tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested . The 35-year-old stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64 near York . He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee . Carlisle appeared on Good Morning Britain this week and said accident had led to him moving out of the house he shared with his wife of 14 years, Gemma .
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain on Tuesday but his form has declined . He was given four out of 10 for his first international appearance since October . Jose Mourinho will be concerned to see his player toil in midfield for 90 minutes at Amsterdam ArenA after a long, intense campaign .
Andros Townsend scored in England's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin . The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score with a stunning strike . Paul Merson said: 'If he can get in then it opens it up for anybody'
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a 20 per cent return . But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts . The 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
Treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate to designer clothes and shoes, according to research by website VoucherCodes.co.uk . surprisingly, men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves .
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning . Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands . Man, 26, and woman, 23, of no fixed abode, were also arrested . Officers said the suspects, who are not a family group, did not pose immediate risk to public safety .
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon . He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear . Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. However, first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow .
Charlie Austin and Joey Barton became good friends on his first day at QPR . The duo ignored Austin and then became friends before realising their mistake . Austin is currently fourth in the Premier League table behind Harry Kane, Diego Costa and Sergio Aguero . Click here for more QPR news .
Arsene Wenger believes that we are in the world of competition . Greg Dyke's idea of increasing number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12 is on the issue of quotas . 'You cannot go against the quality and what is at the heart of our job, which is competition,' says Wenger .
A massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle . The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria . 'Get out, you bast***,' he stoically says to the spider .
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke hit back to the taunts on Instagram . The 27-year-old had intended to donate a jersey to the injured fan . Canterbury Bulldogs fan was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium . Luke said: 'This is about a kid your fans knocked out. Well now two kids Yous [sic] dropped. We train at Redfern come down and see if you fellas are still carrying on #rulesarerule .
The statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' In 2009 the town of Celoron, N.Y. unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror . The man behind the page says he's a 'big fan of Lucy's'
Bradley Johnson put Norwich ahead after 62 minutes at the Amex Stadium . Nathan Redmond doubled the home side's lead shortly after half-time . Norwich striker Cameron Jerome added a second for the hosts . Alex Neil has won 11 matches from 16 games in all competitions .
James Oliver, 48, was allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53 . Pair argued after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the girl . dispute moved outside the home and then Currier hit him with the car . He was taken to hospital and was later convicted of sexual abuse .
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri says he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team's fans until he steers them to a title . Allegri and Juve will go after another three points on Saturday when they host Empoli . Roma, who are just one point clear of Lazio, host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday .
Mauricio Pochettino has likened England hot-shot Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta . The Tottenham manager said he will be there to help Kane when things do not go to plan for him . Kane moved within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season after making his full international debut against Lithuania .
Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the Nou Camp . The Juventus director insisted the Frenchman won't be moving anywhere . But he admitted he was pleased Juve avoided the Champions League quarter-finals .
Liverpool target Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs . Fiorentina keeper is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain . The Brazilian's agent Stefano Castagna says Neto will not accept another loan move elsewhere .
YouTube user Richard Stewart uploaded a video showing a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light . 'Just cause you have a nice car doesn't make you a good driver!' wrote Stewart on YouTube . Police have not released the identity of the driver but say that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash .
Riki Hughes was club secretary at Tidworth Town Football Club . He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord . But the team was actually getting its property for free . Hughes, 31, was jailed for 16 months after pleading guilty to stealing £17,000 .
Lee Cattermole will return to Sunderland starting line-up for Sunday's derby clash with Newcastle . Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss the game and will not play again this season after undergoing surgery to remove a cyst from the knee . Magpies boss Alan Pardew is yet to decide if he will be fit for the clash .
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his career grand slam . The video features an interview with the golfing world's best golfer . Northern Irishman heads to Augusta hoping to complete a set of major titles .
Sergio Garcia is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 . The 35-year-old is competing at the Shell Houston Open this week . Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam have dominated the agenda for weeks .
Racing Metro's No 10 and Irish icon Johnny Sexton wants to win a trophy this season . The 29-year-old has won 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot . Sexton has helped French side reach the elite event for the first time .
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday . The Bangladeshi criticised the umpires in the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against India batsman Rohit Sharma . Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
Tottenham face Wales team-mate Sam Vokes at Turf Moor on Sunday . Clarets are currently 18th in the Premier League, just a point from safety . Burnley are looking to keep alive hopes of European qualification .
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season . Leicester City boss Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and said that he is 'his own man' The pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester on Saturday . Pearson was involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace's James McArthur .
Sunderland host Newcastle in Sunday's Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light . The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals . John Carver says he will use a whip to motivate his Newcastle players .
Newcastle are struggling at the foot of the Premier League table . Papiss Cisse is Newcastle’s top scorer this season with 11 goals . Sportsmail can reveal that Newcastle would be two points ADRIFT of their foes in the relegation zone if it weren’t for the striker’s goals. Cisse has earned Newcastle 11 points with his goalscoring heroics .
Ireland captain John O'Shea has challenged Sunderland to secure a fifth successive derby victory against Newcastle . The Black Cats have won the last three matches against their arch-rivals . O'Neilla and his team-mates could be inside the relegation zone by the time they run out if Burnley get the better of Tottenham in the day's earlier kick-off .
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening . The Potters have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season . Mark Hughes is adamant Stoke must address their 'misplaced' record . Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available .
Lee Cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension . The midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United on March 21 . Dick Advocaat will welcome the Dutchman back against Newcastle .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has extra reasons to qualify for the Champions League . UEFA have confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years . Last time Celtic reached the group stage, in 2013-14, they earned £12.6m .
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo after recovering from foot injury . Barcelona forward Nolito has urged the Argentine to stay away . The 28-year-old played alongside Messi for a period at Barcelona .
Steve Thompson has been handed a two-month suspension by Leeds United . But manager Neil Redfearn was told in a letter that he was being sacked yesterday morning . The assistant is understood to have been told he will be suspended until the end of the season .
Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club . Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits . But Neilson says external interest in his promoted players is inevitable . Hearts host the Ibrox on Sunday in the Scottish Championship .
New Rangers boss Stuart McCall has brought a brand of coaching . Templeton full of praise for the impact of McCoist and Kenny McDowall . Rangers take on Hearts in the Championship on Saturday .
Sam Allardyce believes that putting Raheem Sterling on a new deal could affect the rest of Liverpool's squad . The West Ham boss does not blame the 20-year-old for trying to get as much as possible . He believes there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available players .
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three matches . The Argentinian has been welcomed back into the fold on and off the pitch . Newcastle are attempting to bounce back from their four successive defeats by arch-rivals Sunderland on Sunday .
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austrian defender Thomas Piermayr . 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids . The Tangerines are preparing for life in League One next season .
Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season . The England winger started up front against Italy on Tuesday night . Arsene Wenger has only briefly used Walcott as a striker . Ian Wright would like to see him stay at Arsenal, and says that would be 'shame' for him . Wright believes he should have been moved into a similar position for Arsenal .
Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool despite being offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay . The 20-year-old wideman admitted in an interview on Wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . However, the England international has struggled to replicate the impressive form he showed for the Reds last season .
England lost 2-1 to France in their Elite Round qualifier in Saint-Lo . Fulham midfielder Harry Winks was on target for the Young Lions . But goals from Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet gave the hosts the lead .
Ross Barkley is ready to kick on after negotiating second-season syndrome . The Everton midfielder has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees . Martinez believes Barkley has achieved an incredible level of maturity .
Tony Pulis said West Brom had 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons . The Baggies finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke . Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market, with Neil Taylor and Bakary Sako two players on his shopping list .
Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield is to quit rugby union at the end of the season . The 34-year-old will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract . Sinfield has guided the team to six Super League titles, three World Club Challenges and the Challenge Cup in 2014 at the expense of coach Daryl Powell's Castleford .
The Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an absorbing encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney . Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised James Graham in the final minute . A section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground .
A new video shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them . The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans . It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough . Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you'
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law . The Championship side are the first club to provide such training . Part of the training involves players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters .
George Boyd has run the distance between Burnley's Turf Moor and Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park . The Burnley winger has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen . Boyd is joined by his team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half of the Premier League .
Anderson was sent off for Internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto . Anderson became the third player to be shown the red card . Fabricio was also sent off after appearing to aim his middle fingers at booing fans . The former Manchester United flop has been suspended until end of the week .
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool . PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended the 20-year-old . Sterling has insisted he is not a 'money grabber' PFA boss Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
Five-month-old baby found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham . Father, 25, and mother, 25, arrested on suspicion of murder . Baby taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later .
Pug ran toward rattle sound while hiking in Fontana, Canada . Owner Lindsay Castro backed away, but Dug ran to the reptile . The snake bit him in the face, and his face ballooned to twice its size . After two days of intensive treatment he is ready to go home .
The seven-year-old boy was raped by two youths when he went to buy some food . When he resisted, they set him on fire in Bhiwandi City, a suburb of Mumbai . The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape .
Pro-Ukip businessman Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to the candidate fighting Liam Fox in his Somerset seat in a continued vendetta against him . Tycoon is also spending another £30,000 attempting to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent . Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after revealing details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips as Defence Secretary .
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa . Blues boss ended his three-year spell in Madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 . Matic is said to be considering a £40million move for Raphael Varane . 'For La Decima, we have to credit Carlo Ancelotti but Jose planted the foundations'
Paddy Morrall noticed Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Scotland . 31-year-old builder from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board . Comes two days after a shop assistant spotted image of Christ on bun .
The BBC spent licence fee payers' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis . It was commissioned by executives who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . Bosses at Radio 1 and Radio 1 Extra sent the emoticon guide earlier this week .
Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini has ordered his players into training . The first team trained at 8:30 a.m. on Sunday, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio . They were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon . Brendan Rodgers admits his side are unlikely to reach the top four after a period of striving . The troubles are crowding in on the manager and his players after Mario Balotelli was deemed too sore to travel with the team .
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000 on Tuesday . Auction ended on Tuesday but it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted . Former defender played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 .
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over Czech Republic on Tuesday . It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993 . The Czechs have won five games and are top of their group in 2016 .
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac in his Bugatti Veyron . The Real Madrid forward has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season . Cristiano Ronaldo has picked up the last two accolades for the world's best footballer whereas Barcelona talisman Lionel Messi prevailed between 2009-12 .
Yorkshire derby between Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield ended in a 1-1 draw . Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and Ishmael Miller secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time . Marnick Vermijl sent in an early low cross which evaded everyone . Wednesday striker Atdhe Nuhiu looked certain to score six minutes later .
Stuart Dallas has come a long way since Mark Warburton plucked him from a glorified park last week . Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday . It was three years ago when Dallas was seen playing part-time on a mud bath for Crusaders back home .
The crash occurred on Easter Sunday night in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney . The 1973 E-Type Jaguar, worth over $120,000 was completely written off . All three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution . NSW police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision .
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . He surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer .
Locals from Shandong Province in eastern China carry explosive in plastic bags . Passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs . Netizens and media suggest this is a way for the locals to save money .
New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite . The New York Mets are not the favorite team in one county in the country, with fans across a wide area in the South all go for the Yankees . Meanwhile, the Toronto Blue Jays can also claim almost all of Canada . With the exception of those aforementioned Yankees, the recent World Series champs San Francisco Giants, who get some love in Hawaii, most teams only get support near their home field .
President Barack Obama took a break from being the real president on April Fools' Day to impersonate House of Cards' fictional president Frank Underwood . Underwood is portrayed by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience .
DailyMail.com exposed Brady Eaves, the stepson of a former Mississippi governor candidate, as the teenager who shrieked with laughter . Footage, allegedly filmed in Florida, could see Eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 in fines . His stepfather and mother Angel Eaves revealed he has been withdrawn from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship and submitted for mental health tests .
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 . Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . At 30, the artist from Texas was completely blind . He refines this technique until he was able to work seamlessly .
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, is accused of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity . The Kurdistan Workers’s Party (PKK) is a Kurdish rebel organisation founded in 1978 . She is due to enter pleas to the allegations on June 12 .
Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem . The 30-year-old had to be replaced after just 30 minutes . He is currently on loan at Caykur Rizespor from Werder Bremen .
Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches . The QPR boss was linked with the vacant QPR post after Harry Redknapp's departure in February . Ramsey says Pulis 'would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach' But he doesn't need to take any tactical tips from experienced dodger .
Former Holland forward Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying as coach of Curacao . The Caribbean island side advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament . Kluiverted's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad .
Tiger Woods has been spotted practising at the Masters on Tuesday . Former world No 1 has not played since pulling out of Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with recurrence of back problems . Woods is said to have returned to the venue for a practice session .
Three Scotland internationals return to Edinburgh following Six Nations duty . Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford all rested for Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli last week . Coach Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV heading into the key clash with London Irish on Sunday .
Sri Lanka sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked Kumar Sangakkara to reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket . The 37-year-old has scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541 including four successive centuries . He will continue playing Tests and has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs .
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah . He raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners . Five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received after reporting the allegations .
Manchester City won the Premier League last season after going top with one game to play . The Eagles are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand . Manager Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match . Marouane Chamakh, Fraizer Campbell (both hamstring) and Jordon Mutch are still out .
Jefferson Montero suffered muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday . On-loan Spurs midfielder Tom Carroll definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on England Under 21 duty . Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks and have been added to the Swansea squad . Hull's Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansaa .
Hull City have reapplied to the FA to have the club name changed . The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current . But Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed owner Assem Allam has . An arbitration panel has ruled that Allam can make another application to change the name .
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City on a free transfer last summer . Former Argentina international won five Serie A titles while playing for Inter Milan . Leicester City face West Ham United at home on Saturday .
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton . Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast . But he has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the Premier League, with Tottenham also believed to be admirers . Atleti are counting on Aldeirwereld and Oliver Torres to return to La Liga .
Chelsea will make a late decision on whether Diego Costa will play against Stoke . Costa suffered a hamstring injury in Chelsea's win at Hull last time out . Jonathan Walters set to shake off calf knock in time to be fit for visit of Blues .
Garry Monk's side are currently in eighth place with the club's best points total in sight . Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12 . Monk said: 'International breaks are never easy because it disrupts your preparations but we have to put that right on Saturday'
Celtic were held to a goalless draw at St Mirren Park on Friday night . The SPL champions are currently eight points clear at the top of the table . Celtic winger Kris Commons opened the scoring for the visitors . Stefan Johansen doubled the lead with a second-half tap-in .
Rangers have lost three league visits to Ibrox this season . Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh side . Hearts won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August . Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories in the process .
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could one day be in the same team . Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States team, Fort Lauderdale Strikers . Former Brazil striker says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Messi .
Juventus continued their march towards a fourth straight Serie A title with a 2-0 win over Empoli . Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time . Lazio maintained their 14-point lead at the top with nine games to go .
Chelsea's Mohamed Salah scores twice as Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 . Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli on Saturday . Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to stay 14 points clear at the top .
Chelsea sit six points clear of Manchester City with a game in hand . Azpilicueta and his team-mates have been top of the table since 'day one' Blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead since August 18 .
Patrick De Koster has admitted that a number of clubs are keeping an eye on Belgian star . De Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from Wolfsburg has been agreed . The midfielder is one of the hottest prospects in European football after starring in the Bundesliga .
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 . The 23-year-old can play full back, wing or centre . He made his Test debut against France two years ago .
Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder confirmed the Wales wing will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne . North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last Friday's 52-30 win over Wasps . He was on Wednesday being assessed by a neurologist and will not play him at the weekend .
Mohamed Diame is set to make his long-awaited return for Hull on Saturday . The Sengalese midfielder has been out for more than four months with a knee injury . Hull are just three points above the Premier League drop zone with eight games remaining .
Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage . Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 win over Czech Republic . The midfielder has made 18 appearances for Swansea after joining them last summer on a season-long loan .
French winger Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk . The Bayern Munich ace admits he 'can't even run' against Borussia Dortmund this week . He is hopeful he can be fit for the German Cup quarter-finals .
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle . Midfielders Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez, and David Alaba are all out . Bayern have seven games in the next 22 days to prepare for Dortmund match .
Alvaro Morata has no interest in joining Real Madrid according to his agent . The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer . Morata signed a five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium after failing to break into the first-team on a regular basis . Spain international has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season .
Veteran defender Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche can one day take charge of England . The 37-year-old is preparing to take on Tottenham in the Premier League . Dyche, 43, has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at Turf Moor in October 2012 .
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage . Stuart Dallas scored two as the Bees moved up to fifth in the Championship . Alan Judge and Jota scored the other goals to make it 1-4 . Brentford remain in play-off contention with six games to play .
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a 2-1 victory over south London rivals Charlton . Magaye Gueye equalised for the Lions after Chris Solly cancelled out Alou Diarra's strike for the Addicks . The result moved Millwall up to 22nd in the Championship table .
Every single major artery on Britain's railways was shut down this weekend . Rail works will hit all routes to and from London Euston . No trains available for fans wanting to travel after Boxing Day game . Labour accuses ministers of failing to learn from the Boxing day chaos .
Grupo OAS is selling 50 percent of Natal's Dunas Arena in Salvador . An economic downturn, government austerity and slumping currency has also taken its toll . Latest in a string of bad news for Brazilian football post-World Cup .
13 Democratic and Republican senators have written to FIFA's world governing body . They want Russia to be removed as 2018 World Cup host because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea . 13 senators said they 'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition . England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 .
Mauricio Pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play for European Under 21 Championships this summer . Kane made his senior England debut last week . The striker is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia . Hugo Lloris will miss Saturday's clash against Burnley with a gashed knee .
Premier League announce final set of televised fixtures for 2014-15 season . Chelsea v Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 arguably standout games from the live batch . Final day of Premier League season to be announced on Sunday, May 24 .
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak . Painstaking on-board video shows the plane as a tribute to U.S. servicemen who have died in combat . Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War .
The crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo . It is thought the damaged house had been under construction . Three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead .
The model credited with being the world’s first ever ever hatchback was the Renault 16 unveiled in April 1965 . It was the first mass produced hatchback in the world . The model is just as popular across the world thanks to its practical design, economy and comfort .
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy on Tuesday . Paul Merson had another dig at the midfielder after his England call-up . The pair clashed on Twitter after 0-0 draw at Turf Moor on Sunday .
Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league game on Sunday . Arango went up to midfielder Jesus Zavala and bit him on the shoulder . The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Cheillini .
Almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as their third coach of the season . The 43-year-old will replace Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday . Almillioneria lost 4-1 to Levante on Wednesday and are in the relegation zone .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36 . His record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messi's 32 . The Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues . Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Burnley and Leicester City have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season .
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the Salford Red Devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan . Both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the match . Weller Hauraki was sent off two minutes from time for trading punches .
Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at Langtree Park . A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a victory that shocked St Helens, who were in their third straight defeat .
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's Turin friendly draw with Italy . The chants will raise the issue of provocation in Dublin . It will be the first fixture against the Republic of Ireland since 1995 . 3,000 fans head to the Aviva Stadium for the game's first fixture since 1995, causing the fixture to be abandoned .
Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups for the Euro 2016 finals in France . If you're not perfect by any means it's important to keep Wayne Rooney in a more central role . This is the first game of a major tournament after all .
Post by 'John' has gone viral after being photographed and put online . Post, which is written in capital letters in black pen, describes looking for a companion . It details a phone number and says: 'Contact... Or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yr'
Henrik Larsson had no option but to play Daniel Andersson in goal . Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were injured during the 0-0 draw . Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener .
Former All Black led away by police following Gloucester's 14-7 defeat . He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in connection with allegation in Cardiff in March . The 34-year-old full back denies the allegations and has been helping police .
Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ . Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome . On Thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at Rome's main prison in a pre-Easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve .
Yaya Toure missed Man City's last game with an achilles injury . James Milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks . Crystal Palace have no fresh injury concerns ahead of the game . Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury, while Jordon Mutch has thigh complaint . Mile Jedinak ruled out for Crystal Palace through suspension .
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide on whether to sign Abou Diaby a new deal . Frenchman has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons . Diaby has featured just once this season, playing for 67 minutes in the Capital One Cup defeat against Southampton in September . Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky .
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 Premier League goals last season . Liverpool have only scored 45 goals compared to 84 at the same stage last year . Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top scorers with fewer league goals than Liverpool, while Christian Benteke and Gabriel Agbonlahor have also scored six each .
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during Premier League encounter back in January 2014 . The Crystal Palace boss has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive . Jeremy Snape, now a sports psychologist, has helped him on the sidelines .
Manchester City are nine points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League . Blues goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title . The Blues take on Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night .
The kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field in Rhein Erft, Germany . They thought it was a April Fools joke and dismissed the bizarre call . When the caller was questioned in detail, they proved they were telling the truth . Owners later came forward and it is believed the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms .
The name of philanthropist Hugh G. Rection appeared on screen during the broadcast . Twitter users were quick to identify the onscreen blunder . The Royal Children’s Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal rakes in over $17.1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients .
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end five-game losing run . Chris Ramsey's side are currently in 19th place just three points adrift of safety in the Premier League . Ramsey said: 'The morale has been good, very professional' Villa have lost their last two league games but have lost last two .
Alan Hutton limped off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with an ankle problem . Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson are doubts along with Tom Cleverley and Aly Cissokho (groin) Libor Kozak remains sidelined with a broken leg . Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young ruled out for QPR due to knee injury .
Kim Sei-young leads by two shots ahead of final round of Inspiration . South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on Saturday . Stacy Lewis is second after she shot 68 with six birdies and two bogeys . Lydia Ko equalled Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record .
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration . The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour . Ko has 10 straight top-10 finishes and has finished under par in 17 tournaments in a row since the Women's British Open last summer .
Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters . The former world No 1 has dropped from 104 to 104 in the world rankings . Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see Woods go up against Rory McIlroy if he wins the Masters on four separate occasions .
Local boy Jordan Spieth is in action at the Shell Houston Open . The 21-year-old is the 809th ranked player in the world . Mickelson's shot of 66 and 67 puts him within three shots of Andrew Putnam .
Lydia Ko shot a level-par 65 to finish in the second round . The 22-year-old is two shots ahead of Morgan Pressel in the women's major . Kim is playing only her third major championship .
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 in Miami Open semi-final . World No 1 will face Romania's Simona Halep for a place in the final .
Aljaz Bedene is due to join Davis Cup team in 2015 . British No 1 Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move, now it has become official, would be better working on their ranking . The 27-year-old Scot believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world No 83 as motivation to better themselves . James Ward, Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady are among players below him .
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals . The world No 4 believes his fellow British players should use the assimilation of the world number 83 as motivation to better themselves . Murray was awaiting the winner from last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Argentina's Juan Monaco .
Carla Suarez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 . Williams will now face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the semi-finals .
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open . The Serbian is ranked 65th in the world, 64 places behind Djirovic . Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the quarters are British number one Andy Murray .
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Jim Culloty’s Spring Heeled in the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday week . The eight-year-old had been expected to partner Sam Winner, who was pulled up in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, in the £1million race .
Newport Gwent Dragons reached European Challenge Cup semi-finals . Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones . Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, Gareth Anscombe and Josh Navidi crossed for Cardiff .
England lost 19-9 to Ireland at the Aviva Stadium last month . George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return . Head coach Mike Ford believes setback could prove beneficial to Leinster .
Veteran seamer Alfonso Thomas agrees to coach Delhi Daredevils in Indian Premier League . Thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle but is not yet fit for selection . Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture at home to Durham is free to take up short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16 .
Ali intends to join England for latter stages of tour of West Indies . Off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign . The Caribbean squad left open from the possibility of Moeen joining up . James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are current frontline spin options .
Bhullar set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings . The 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans .
Arsenal romped to a 4-1 win over Liverpool at the Emirates in Saturday's lunchtime kick-off . Manager Arsene Wenger is convinced something is finally coming together - and everyone can 'smell' it . Bellerin gave Arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling into the corner .
Tottenham face Burnley in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday . Mauricio Pochettino will again play goalkeeper Hugo Lloris at Turf Moor . Frenchman was left out of the starting 11 for Spurs with a knee injury . The 31-year-old had to sit on the bench against Chelsea last month .
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match with St Mirren . The Scottish international warily looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital SPL encounter . Manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players .
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor . Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the ISDX market .
Newcastle and Sunderland take on each other in the Premier League on Sunday . John Carver's side have amassed not-so-mighty six points in their last six matches . The Magpies have won just four times all season . But the stakes remain high, albeit for different reasons, it is about survival .
Porto have received £440million from player sales in the last 11 years . The Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez .
Lionel Messi missed both Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot . The Argentine forward now faces tests on Thursday to determine if he will be fit to play against Celta Vigo on Sunday . Team-mate Gerard Pique had spoken of his optimism about Messi's chances of playing but it seems far from certain that he wants to play on Saturday . Messi did manage to play in El Clasico against Real Madrid, but his impact was limited .
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season . The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals this term . River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits 'the doors are open'
Golden State Warriors held off Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday . Victory for the Pacific Division champions ended with 27 points and 25 points . Brooklyn defeated Indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the Eastern Conference with its fourth straight victory . San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker scored 16 points against Miami Heat in his 1,000th NBA game . Thabo Sefolosha scored 19 points for the Pistons, who have won five of six .
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has revealed how rejection as a young player inspired him to give the talents of the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe their break in the first team . The 42-year-old failed to make it as an England youth player despite being picked up at Reading when he was 16 and training with Reading . He believes the memory of missing out on a playing career has helped him in the long run .
Brendan Rodgers insists Raheem Sterling has to 'concentrate on his football' Liverpool manager says Sterling is still young and 'sometimes makes mistakes' Rodger says Liverpool are a 'superpower' in world football . The 20-year-old admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club .
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Liverpool U12s in the Mediterranean International Cup . Former defender flew out to Spain to watch James play in the tournament . The Reds youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil .
Salford half-back Rangi Chase was charged with making a dangerous throw on Good Friday . The incident occurred in the 15th minute at the John Smith's Stadium . He has been asked to appear before an independent disciplinary tribunal .
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm in Bayern Munich's 1-0 win on Saturday . Midfielder says after seeing the reaction of the fans it has reminded him of the joy in the sport and that football is his life . The midfielder is still far from full fitness but is hoping to get back into the Bayern side .
James Rodriguez to start against Granada after recovering from injury . Real Madrid star had surgery after breaking his foot on February 4 . Manager Carlo Ancelotti says Rodriguez 'is fine and he will start'
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal . The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million . But he has been on loan at the club this season . They have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million but the Holland international will see if there are other options before committing .
Daryl Clark is ready to take on his former team-mates at Castleford Tigers . Clark left the Tigers at the end of last season . Warrington have won their last five home games against Castleford .
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving Salford's back-to-back Super League wins . Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gave the Giants hope . Aaron Murphy's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe .
Wigan Warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal, no-holds-barred contest . It was a second successive defeat for the Saints, who began the season under Keiron Cunningham . Warriors' Dom Manfredi went over for a try after just 52 seconds .
Warrington crashed to a third straight Super League defeat in a row . The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand . Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners .
England squad arrived at Manchester Airport after 1-1 draw with Italy . Roy Hodgson's men had been set to leave northern Italy immediately after game . But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for the northern-based players to take an extra night's stay . Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs .
Andros Townsend scored an unstoppable right-footed strike against Italy . The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers . Tottenham winger has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs .
Graziano Pelle scored twice as Italy drew 1-1 with England on Tuesday . Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December . Striker arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of £9million .
Joe Hart has labelled Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing him claim his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night . The Manchester City stopper is desperate to add to his 50 international caps . England ace Hart said: 'I’m still learning to do and I want to do it in this team'
La Gazzetta dello Sport criticise Theo Walcott's display against Italy . England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the Juventus Stadium . Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan . Real Madrid completed signing of Porto defender Danilo on Tuesday evening .
Five staff members were injured after taking a joy ride down the slide . The slide was closed after heavy rain earlier that night . Officials said the slide was 'way too fast in the wet' and that's why it was closed . Three contractors escaped without injury .
National Union of Teachers expected to call for vote this weekend . Last time teachers went on strike was July when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close . Members will be asked to consider funding shortages in schools, which would lead to temporary school closures .
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull husband Mike along at Invictus Games . Came during charity event to mark end of Rob Edmond's barrel-roll . Edmond set off nine days and 517 miles ago and is working towards 2016 .
Captured by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo . Female tortoise found itself on its back unable to get up . Painstakingly slow ascent on to back of female's shell .
The Champions of England were smashed into submission at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night . France wing Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time . Nick Abendanon, the ex-Bath and England full-back, capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out . Northampton and England may also be worried over two leading forwards, Courtney Lawes and Alex Corbisiero went off .
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay . Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool while at Real Madrid . The midfielder is back 'home' in Borussia Dortmund following a stint at Real .
Antonio Nunez, 59, allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork . Deputies were called to his home in San Antonio, Texas, at 4.15am on Monday . Woman pepper sprayed Nuez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911 .
A man approaches a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up . Surveillance video shows the black Chevy Tahoe driver stalking the birds for 20 minutes before he grabbed his target . The suspect is described as a Hispanic man wearing shorts, a white shirt and a baseball cap .
Kevin Sinfield will quit the sport at the end of the season and join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract . Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision but believes it could be an inspired decision . Sinfield said he did not want to play against the Rhinos and the chance to spearhead Carnegie's bid for Premiership return was too good to resist .
Manchester City have failed to produce regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata . Manuel Pellegrini believes his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co . Greg Dyke is proposing to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads .
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck . The bird begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . Adorable scene was captured by a farmer on video .
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan made a three-minute video to give friends and family a heads up on their approaching nuptials . The video shows the two literally saving the date as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and escape from one very large explosion . It also lets everyone know they should not make plans for September 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at Shell fuel stop in Walnut Creek . One man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable . With the other end of the cord attached to a white pickup, the vehicle speeds off . The large device is dragged across the tarmac before making a swift getaway . Two of the suspects have been described as white males .
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination . 'Hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they’ve gone from paying half fare to full fare,' said Peter Alliss .
The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951 . The wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls . It took two years to totally renovate the property as workers were forced to carve windows and doors out of the formidable concrete walls. The house also boasts a swimming pool in the atrium, a games room and outside roof terrace .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Manuel Pellegrini's City are currently fourth in the Premier League table . Jose Mourinho left Chelsea in 2007 despite having three years left on his contract . Carlo Ancelotti scored a record number of goals but he failed to win a trophy in his second season .
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two . The Cumbrians lost 3-1 away at Accrington Stanley at the Crown Ground . Manager Keith Curle suggests some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'
MailOnline ran story on April Fools' Day stating pre-match teamtalks would be streamed live to the world . The story was of course a hoax but it still caused plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled media at Thursday's media gathering . Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson's 'live' team talk will not be screened on BT Sport - who are covering the match live on TV - fans who own a smartphone will be able to tune in .
Chelsea star took to Instagram to post a picture of him swigging from sweets . The 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 win against France in Paris for good measure . Oscar signed a contract extension up until 2019 with Chelsea last year .
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday to spread some Easter cheer for the young patients . The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital . Baines will be back in action for Everton following his spell with England .
Charlie Sumner did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . The 20-year-old said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches . Sumner said he has no regrets about the incident and that his family had 'seen the funny side'
Mesut Ozil took a snap of him playing with his dog after returning home . The German playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday . Midfielder missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness . Ozil is set to face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday .
Jamie Carragher accused Yaya Toure of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick which killed off Manchester City's chances at Selhurst Park on Monday . Toure, who is paid £200,000-a-week, was part of a a five-man wall when the midfielder stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead .
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Gerard Pique . The Spain international suffered a foot injury playing for Real Madrid last month . Messi did not feature in either Argentina's friendlies during the international break .
FIFA confirm Greg Dyke has returned a watch he was given as a gift . The CBF Parmigiani watch was given to Dyke at the World Cup last summer . When the watches were recalled Dyke promised to donate them to Breast Cancer Care . FIFA's ethics committee has now confirmed receipt of the watch .
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal of his senior career at Brentford on East Monday . The 18-year-old attacker is son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker . Walker has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far, a distance from the 858 senior games including 59 England caps .
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss said equality for women had 'b******* up the game for a lot of people' He said attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'caused mayhem' He added: 'The equality thing is a great part of golf. Hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they've gone from paying half fare to full fare' The 2016 Open Championship will be the last broadcast live on the BBC .
Brad Fraser performed a musical toast at his sister's wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth, over the weekend to welcome his new brother-in-law to the family . Amanda Beringer asked her brother to make a toast at her wedding . 'Well it's done now, you can't turn back. You're legally binded by the wedding trap,' Mr Fraser sang . The song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage .
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north . On Tuesday his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in coming weeks . The New Zealand man had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence .
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air . His outstretched arms help him to remain airborne, his parents describe him as having a 'fun' and 'crazy' adventurous spirit . New videos show the infant getting up to more grown-up antics from 'riding shotgun on a skateboard' to tuck into a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
Lucy Garrod, 27, feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to a corneal abrasion . She had worn contact lenses for 12 years but woke up one morning with an itchy and irritable right eye . One day bacteria began growing under lens, causing her eye to grow to 'size of a golf ball' Miss Garrod taught herself how to take photographs with her left eye and passed her degree with first class honours .
David Luiz picked up a hamstring injury in Sunday's 3-2 win over Marseille . Brazilian defender ran away from a Marseille player before being caught . 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury . PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on April 15 .
critters filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs . However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure . March Madness is set to close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis .
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows . He was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . Despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . The toy bird bounces up and down and pops an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes . To date the video clip - originally filmed in 2013 - has been watched more than one million times .
Incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk . Stunt moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the Kommunalnyi Bridge . Flecks of snow can be seen beating down on the side of the river bank . Video maker momentarily films a friend before returning to the storm .
A hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower in Russia . The basket, carrying three people, plummets to the ground . Instructor and two passengers are in a stable condition in hospital .
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of some staggering sized prey . They even eat dead and rotten animals, and are attracted to the smell of rotting meat . The video was uploaded to YouTube last week, but it’s unknown where the clip was filmed .
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple . The pair grew up together as boys, playing football and playing football . They lost touch as teenagers before the couple parted ways . Fay, born Kevin, started her transition to become a woman by taking hormones .
Loushanna Craig had her biometric ID stolen while on holiday in Tenerife . The 37-year-old was meant to return to the UK on March 9 but only arrived back March 24 . Ryanair refused to fly her home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . She moved to Birmingham from the West Indies 14 years ago .
Sir Nick Faldo appeared to give Rory McIlroy a squeeze on his shoulder . The world No 1 was on the cover of Men's Health magazine last week . McIllroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam .
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke to find an Easter egg on their doorsteps . 'It looks like everyone was left an egg. It's very Vicar of Dibley!' said one resident .
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager . Moniz pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March . The Dutchman moved to Meadow Lane on a three-year deal on Tuesday . Magpies have been without a permanent manager since Shaun Derry . Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant, with strength and conditioning coach Mike Edwards and goalkeeping coach Kevin Pilkington remaining in their posts .
Dundee United are without a win in three matches themselves . United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . But manager Paul Hartley is refusing to believe that will make their job any easier as they try to register their first win in a derby this season at the fourth attempt .
QPR will leapfrog Aston Villa and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at Villa Park on Tuesday . Chris Ramsey was Sherwood's ally when the man at Tottenham last season . But the manager insists he will take no pleasure from their day out at Wembley if their fail to get any more points on the board .
Graeme McDowell hopes to improve on his Masters record this week . The former US Open champion had an ankle injury forced him to withdraw from the Valero Texas Open last month . But the 35-year-old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters .
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday . The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from competition . Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008 .
Ben Crenshaw will join Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus at Augusta National . The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday . Palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder .
Tomas Berdych defeated Argentine Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals on Wednesday . The Czech is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu .
The world No 2 posted a picture of himself with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account . The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports . Federer decided not to appear at the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' His agent Tony Godsick said, 'it's unfortunate because Roger loves Miami and has had success there, but he turns 34 this year and he just can't play every tournament'
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual for the fall . The 18-year-old was back riding out and said he was undeterred . Ferguson's somersault horror fall has been watched hundreds of thousands online .
Exeter Chiefs outscored opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park . David Ewers scored and a penalty try in the 48-13 victory . Exeter then added further tries through Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm after the break .
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ Financial documents show club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone . The rising costs facing the club are also a concern, with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years .
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory . The 29-year-old seamer returned to England fold last summer in Test series against Sri Lanka and India . He has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi . England captain Stuart Broad is likely to retain new ball duties for the first Test in Antigua on April 13 .
Alastair Cook feels Jonathan Trott is ready to play an international opener . The 33-year-old batsman has been impressive in addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane . England have barely been in St Kitts a day but are ready to give Trott the chance to reinvent himself .
Jonathan Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba . England Test captain Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready to face the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket . The 33-year-old has returned to England's international scene .
Martin Guptill has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England . Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time . The 23-year-old has only played 20 first class matches .
Ben Gibson has retired four years after becoming youngest first-class wicketkeeper in county history . The Leeds-born wicketkeeper lined up against Durham 27 days after his 15th birthday but that match proved to be his only appearance at senior level . In his last game for the second string he did not bat or keep wicket, instead sending down 3.3 overs for 29 runs .
Sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters says Jonathan Trott ticked all the boxes . Warwickshire batsman Trott returns to England set-up for first time since leaving last winter's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness . Trott is on the brink of returning to Test cricket after working with Peters last year .
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new contract with Surrey last month . The 34-year-old is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks . He hopes to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship .
Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey . The deal comes after the IPL and Surrey's IPL season concludes . 'I'm really looking forward to playing for Surrey this season,' says Surrey director of cricket Alec Stewart .
Smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at London 2012 . Kristian Thomas, Sam Oldham and Daniel Purvis are also selected . Courtney Tulloch is also in the six-man squad for the European Championships .
The world endurance championship are getting rid of the grid girls . The FIA-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance . 'For me that is the past. The condition of women is a little bit different now,' WEC chief executive Gerard Neveu said .
John Higgins moved into the quarter-finals of the China Open with a 5-4 victory over Judd Trump . The veteran Scotsman will face defending champion Ding Junhui in the last eight in Beijing .
Leicester City host West Ham United at King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Foxes lost 4-3 to Tottenham before international break with achilles problem . Matt Upson is out and Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali . West Ham welcome Winston Reid back from injury for Hammers . Sam Allardyce believes game will come too soon for Enner Valencia .
Jonas Gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months . Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month . Sunderland boss John Carver won a derby in his second game in charge .
West Bromwich Albion host QPR at Hawthorns (Saturday 3pm) Craig Dawson suspended for challenge on Wilfried Bony following retrospective action . Ben Foster ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments . Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury . Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries .
Top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League . West Ham top the Premier League's Fair Play table . Sam Allardyce says he hasn't told his players to keep discipline at all costs . Bolton Wanderers clinched Europa League qualification for first time in club history in 2005 .
Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win against Hearts . Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the home side at Ibrox . Gers boss Stuart McCall says the captain apologised to him and the players .
Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as Stuart McCall's recorded a 4-1 victory over Cowdenbeath . Hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of a Rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs .
Carlo Ancelotti must choose between Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez to finalise his best starting line-up . The 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison to Isco's five and six . Inter Milan's fallout continues with Corriere dello Sport reporting a huge divide between Italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff . Fiorentina will pair Carlos Tevez and Alvaro Morata together for the trip to Florence .
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in the La Liga clash at the Bernabeu . Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Luka Modric and a Diego Mainz own goal secure the win . Robert Ibanez scored a consolation for Real Madrid . Tottenham Hotspur travel to Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday .
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours at least . Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control . Christophe Kerbrat was given marching orders for Lyon at half-time . It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Marseille .
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday . Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute . Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli .
Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund meet in front of an 80,000 fans at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday evening . Arjen Robben scored the winner five minutes from time during the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley . A Bayern win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield .
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on Sunday . Fighting broke out after fans broke down barriers in front of visitors, according to Arsenal's official website . TorPedo have already been punished three times this season for racist behaviour of their fans .
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford (Saturday 3pm) Robin van Persie is ruled out of the match with an ankle injury . Skipper Ron Vlaar could return to the squad after shaking off a calf . Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos are both in training .
Hull City host Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday . Steve Bruce's side are three points off the relegation zone . Hull have won five of their last eight matches in the top seven . David Meyler is confident his side can bounce back from their defeat .
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday, kick-off 7.45pm on Saturday . Manchester United host Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . Crystal Palace host Manchester City at the Stadium of Light on Sunday at 8pm . Newcastle United host Newcastle United at the weekend's Tyne-Wear Stadium .
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season . Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the break . Manchester City have drawn 2-2 at home to West Brom . Liverpool have a worse record following their surprise defeats to Crystal Palace and hosting Aston Villa . Sportsmail examines this through a modified Premier League table .
Kolo Toure says Liverpool is best place for Raheem Sterling to stay . Toure compared Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair's situation at Manchester City . Chelsea and Manchester City are also interested in English football's hottest property .
Aviva Premiership quartet Leinster, Clermont and Racing are all away from home this weekend and are firm underdogs . Four English sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year . The bookies aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year - eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby .
Raheem Sterling said in an interview on Wednesday he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool . Liverpool blogger David Tyrer gives his view from Merseyside . The interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him . There will be a lot of fans that are of the opinion: 'Le him go'
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 . Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden .
Mark Hughes has told Asmir Begovic he can fulfil his ambitions at Stoke . Bosnia keeper is out of contract at the end of next season . Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window .
Raheem Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer worth £100,000-a-week . The 20-year-old midfielder said he was not a money-grabbing youngster . Sterling says he is focusing on winning trophies with his club . Riath Al-Samarrai: 'I would never want the fans to think bad of me'
Raheem Sterling says he does not want to be perceived as a money-grabber . The 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield . He revealed in a BBC interview that he would have signed a lot less a year ago . Sterling admits it was 'quite flattering' to be linked with Arsenal . Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal are all interested .
Arsene Wenger only makes final decision on starting line-up on Saturday . The Arsenal manager has won three Premier League titles and five FA Cups during his tenure at the Emirates Stadium . Wenger says selection process is 'as scientific as much as you can' But he still has to wait until the hours before the game to confirm his team .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool . The 20-year-old will hold the cards in discussions with one of the biggest clubs in English and European football . Sterling has two years left on his £35,000-a-week contract . Liverpool forward is confident of expressing his views to the BBC .
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon . Liverpool manager has insisted that Raheem Sterling will not be going anywhere this summer and that focus for the moment is purely on his football . The 20-year-old has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admits he is 'flattered' by Arsenal interest .
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina in the 2-1 win at the MetLife Stadium on Tuesday night . Manchester City forward scored in the second straight Copa America warm-up victory . Lionel Messi was injured while Argentina captain Gerardo Martino's side had beaten El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday . Javier Pastore's goal was the first since Argentina beat Germany 4-2 in a friendly last September .
Former AC Milan and Roma striker Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season . The former Roma forward has been recovering from a serious knee injury which ended his debut season with Stoke . Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers from the injury .
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home match for Stoke Gifford United . He slipped on wet ground after being tackled and slammed against wall . Three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital .
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash early Tuesday morning . Free State Stars say 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash . He made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009 .
Reports claim Danny Lennon will be named as Alloa Athletic boss . The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge until the summer of 2016 . He took charge of Scotland Under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month .
Cosmin Moti waved play on a CSKA Sofia player during Ludogorets Champions League play-off against Steaua Bucharest in August . The defender kung-fu tackles Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage and sends his opponent crashing to the floor . It was one of the worst tackles he's likely to see this season .
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield . The 20-year-old started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers insists he will still be in the top four next season . Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday .
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens . The Irish rugby legend returned on Tuesday, tail between his legs with the requested Toblerone . His wife Amy Huberman posted a picture of him holding a chocolate bar on Monday .
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan in the Championship . Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February . Bent says Villa are '100 per cent' correct to sack Paul Lambert .
FA chairman wants to increase number of home-grown players in squads from eight to 12 . Former England managers Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke . They warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission .
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . On Friday Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round .
Holmes began the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start . Overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course, but made a play-off . Holmes had moments before missed from 10 foot, but Wagner could not save par to win the Houston Open .
Englishman Kelvin Day is three shots off the leaders at the Shell Houston Open . Day is an unknown Englishman playing in his first PGA Tour event . The 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place .
Phil Mickelson leads Houston Open by one shot going into third round . Englishman Justin Rose leads by four shots going into the weekend . Tiger Woods confirmed at The Masters at Augusta next week .
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979 . Yorkshireman finished joint 12th after closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster . The 27-year-old says he has his own idea of where he wants to be .
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new online award format . One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade . A shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly . Winners will get the chance to present the Player of the Month trophy to selected player .
Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days, while Sir Stanley Matthews has reached 228 days . He is on course to become the longest-serving outfield player to represent the Three Lions behind the legendary Sir Stanley . His longevity surpasses that of great names like Bobby Charlton, Bobby Moore, David Beckham and Gary Lineker .
Hull manager says he was baffled that anyone would be interested in snaps . Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet . Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent .
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles on blackmail charges . In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account . Prosecutors said the accused published a damaging comment online about the unidentified man, then removed it .
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's availability . Kane has been hugely impressive for Tottenham this season . England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in Czech Republic .
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes . When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves . 'Actually, the last time I had this out was Easter,' Wayne Watson said about the large black Nikon hanging around his neck .
sandy-colored canine found sprawled in pool of own blood . Wilford was set upon with an eight inch blade in Cass County, North Dakota . He has been nursed back to health by a foster family .
Theo Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy on Tuesday night . Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the winger's confidence . Walcott could start against Liverpool on Saturday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Danny Welbeck a doubt .
Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older to continue managing Manchester United . The 73-year-old won 38 trophies including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes between 1986-2013 . Ferguson was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season .
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for English football’s hottest property Raheem Sterling . Brendan Rodgers insists 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer . Sterling gave an interview earlier this week in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract . Chelsea want to be kept informed about the forward’s future as they join with Arsenal and Manchester City .
Raheem Sterling had been named PFA Young Player of the Year (1998) and one of the greatest World Cup finals goals . Robbie Fowler also entered the record books by scoring the fastest hat-trick in the Barclays Premier League . Liverpool striker had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens including the FA Cup and UEFA Cup .
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday . Neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property . Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements' A red Honda Accord car, believed to have been involved in the incident, was found burnt-out in a nearby road shortly after .
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . It was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt . The camel was served at 2pm to hundreds of long-awaited customers .
Sam Tomkins has been released by Wigan Warriors after feeling homesick . The 26-year-old full-back launched his career for Wigan from 2008 to 2013 . Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan said: 'We've got the first option. If it gets to the point where he is available it is in our hands' Tomkins said it would 'be nice' to resume his Super League career .
David Luiz limped off against Andre-Pier Gignac in first-half of game . Brazilian defender will be out for at least four weeks with hamstring injury . PSG went on to win game but the news came as a major worry . 27-year-old could now be a doubt for the Champions League quarter-final .
Manchester United and City will clash at Old Trafford on Sunday . Referee Mark Clattenburg has only sent off three players this season . The champions lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday, leaving them a point behind leaders Chelsea . City captain Vincent Kompany was sent off for two bookable offences during Belgium's international break .
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided to lose weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . The 40-year-old barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way . She had to carefully hide the weight using her wardrobe, but felt like someone else's torso, she said .
Dr Neil Phillips died on April 8 at the age of 83 . He was England's team doctor for the defence of the Jules Rimet trophy . Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in Redcar .
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, with an average of 1.7 per household . Four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent own three or more . The latest Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion . Average Briton online willing to pay £1.53 a month for email service, £1.33 for video content, 92p for social media, 55p for online games and 52p for price comparison sites .
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday . His sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger had been missing for three days . After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, Bakvis found a dead scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline .
Manchester United eased past Aston Villa to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce . Juan Mata says his side must take every game as a final as they can . 26-year-old says United must take 'every game as high as we can' United currently above Man City by one point and looking for a top two finish .
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday . The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway . Incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
Travis Hatfield from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline, who has Down syndrome . The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far . 'He's one of the sweetest people I have ever met,' wrote Travis on his Facebook page .
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy . She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry .
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma . In the aptly-named 'Head to Head' production, the duo battle it out for a cage style encounter . While the scenario won't replicate the atmosphere at Old Trafford the introduction of both players is met with cheering .
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to a McDonald's drive-through in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday . Police say she revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward . Kelm was charged with DUI and booked into the Lake County jail; she has since been released on $1,000 bail .
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind . It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly . Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background .
The unidentified victim was dragged from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday . She was placed on a ventilator and remains in critical but stable condition . NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her .
Passengers face up to three days of disruption, strikes by French air traffic controllers . British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights . The strike will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on Friday - with vast knock-on disruption expected .
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman . The 34-year-old has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave England team in as big a state of turmoil as ever . Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey and put huge pressure on England middle order .
Greg Gibbins was stabbed in the chest in the early hours of Easter Monday . His 25-year-old friend, Bradley James Brooks, was charged with murder . Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the knife attack .
Luis Figo does not believe that Sepp Blatter will receive ALL 54 votes from African nations . Confederation president Issa Hayatou has declared Blatter's re-election . Former Portugal international is running against Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan and Holland's Michael van Praag .
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano in La Liga derby on Wednesday . Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 36 goals in the La Liga so far this season . The 30-year-old hit five in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend . Meanwhile Juventus' Coppa Italia semi-final win over Fiorentina continues .
Tim Sherwood was 'disappointed' with Aston Villa's domination of QPR . Benteke scored a hat-trick twice to salvage a point for his side . QPR move above Burnley to 18th on goal difference, while Villa move above Hull to 16th .
Phil Jones has demanded Manchester United reproduce their recent performances ahead of Sunday's derby against City . United host their bitter rivals at Old Trafford in the Premier League table . Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins .
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany believes that a win against rivals Manchester United will help rectify their season . Manuel Pellegrini's side were given to a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night as their title hopes were all but dashed . The City captain admits that the derby game is crucial and that being the underdog suits his side . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Bradley Neil has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015 . World No 1 Rory McIlroy has tipped the youngster to be a success . The 19-year-old impressed during practice round with Augusta on Monday .
Rory McIlroy has arrived at Augusta ahead of the Masters this week . The world No 1 is looking to complete his career grand slam . He faces Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods in the top four .
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 at the Miami Open . He is the first American to make the semis in Miami since 2011 . Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the other semi final in Key Biscayne .
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open . The British No 1 beat the Czech world No 9 in Melbourne in January . Murray and his friend Dani Vallverdu met at the same stage of the match . Click here for more tennis news .
Carla Suarez Navarro advanced to the final of the Miami Open after topping Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in a semi-final on Thursday . The Spaniard didn't face a single break point and will meet either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in Saturday's final . It's the eighth time that the No 9 seed has reached a WTA final this year .
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual during the fall . The 18-year-old's spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online . But he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
Jonjo O'Neill said he could not be happier with favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National, Shutthefrontdoor . The jockey is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship and retire . McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding the £1m Grand National at Aintree on April 11 but everything points to him doing so .
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 . The 31-year-old also landed a 55m penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown . Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch take the penalty . 'With kicks like this you're either the hero of the day or the bad guy, so I'm happy that it went my way,' says McCall .
Argentine Bosch kicked Saracens through to the Champions Cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty . Machenaud scored the only try of the game in the second half . Late penalty ensured classic finale to match bereft or flair and finesse .
Sussex head coach Mark Robinson has warned Matt Prior remains 'pretty much out indefinitely' Prior, 33, lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer . He took a break to focus on rehabilitation and admitted 'I could have played my last game (for England)' Sussex bosses believe Prior is still recovering from an Achilles injury .
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered Donington Park lap record to take his Buildbase BMW on to pole start . The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds . In doing so, he headed off the close attentions of James Ellison . Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid aboard the PBM Kawasaki .
Mark Selby demolished Gary Wilson 10-2 in the Baic Motor China Open . World No 1 earned his sixth ranking title and £85,000 prize money . Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson .
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament in Indianapolis on Monday night . The Wildcats are the last team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years . They will face Kentucky, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State, in Monday night's final .
Former world champion Tom Daley hopes his new dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games . Daley has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo . It's a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference .
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday . The Grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division, both trailing Golden State which has already sealed the conference title . Memphis stayed within two games of that fight by routing Denver, while the key postseason-shaping games in the East saw Brooklyn extend its winning streak .
Harry Kane was the youngest player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . Tottenham went into the match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss . Mauricio Pochettino's side are currently third in the Premier League table .
Bafetimbi Gomis gave Swansea a 2-0 lead in the first half against Hull at the Liberty Stadium . The French striker fired home a spectacular volley past Allan McGregor and into the roof of the home side's net . Hull striker Ki Ki was sent off for kicking the ball into the top corner . Steve Bruce's side have now lost their last five games in all competitions .
The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining . Esteban Cambiasso says winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save Leicester in the Premier League . Nigel Pearson's men face West Ham United on Saturday .
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle's performance in their Tyne-Wear derby against Sunderland wasn't good enough . Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear . The Magpies slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the fixture .
Graziano Pelle hasn't scored in the Premier League since December 20 . Striker scored against England in Tuesday's 1-1 international friendly . Ronald Koeman has backed Pelle to go on a run in the final eight games . Pelle says he is not a negative and wants to do well when things go wrong .
Stuart McCall says he was warned about taking over at Ibrox by Walter Smith . Midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with 2-1 win over Hearts on Sunday . Gers return to second place in Scottish Championship . But McCall insists he has made the right decision .
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart . The prize winner will also receive one of the brand new Fusion ProGlide razors with Flexball technology worth £12 plus a Gillette Fusion shave gel worth £4.99 .
Danny Higginbotham gave struggling Sunderland the lead in their 1-1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15, 2007 . The former Manchester United defender called it 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced' Keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticised his team-mates instead of getting behind them .
Vincent Duport ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . France international scored three tries in the first six rounds of Super League XX . Dragons lost 33-22 at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery .
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final . Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke . Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the match . Bayern boss also offered an apology to Mario Gotze, who was left on the bench for Saturday's 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund .
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time since the 1994-95 season . The Blues lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night and trailed at the break . Manuel Pellegrini's side are two points behind leaders Chelsea . Keith Curle, Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh scored City's goals that day .
Woods pictured giving his children hugs during practice round at Augusta . He was joined on the course by long-term girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover .
Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his two offspring when he plays traditional three-par tournament . Rory McIlroy will impress all if he completes his Grand Slam in more dramatic fashion . Swede Henrik Stenson looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu .
Rory McIlroy is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam at Augusta National . Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February . Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler . European stalwarts Justin Rose, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood and Henrik Stenson will fancy their chances .
German defender says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season . Mertesacker was pictured remonstrating with Mezut Ozil at the Etihad . The centre-back admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations .
Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight . The Bolton fighter had come under increasing pressure to fight Kell Brook . Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman . He believes his American foe is credible against Manny Pacquiao .
Amir Khan has gone head-to-head with Adrien Broner on FaceTime . Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr has refused to respond to criticism from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach . Roach has blasted Mayweather Snr, saying 'he's not going to have his best cornerman in his corner because there's no question in my mind that Roger is the better trainer,' Roach told Yahoo Sports . May 2 bout takes place in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Justin Rose has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years . Rose’s solution to his miserable form was the time-honoured one . Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 .
Lydia Ko tied her LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par . 17-year-old hit an approach shot through a gap in the trees . She hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard, par-3 eighth and closed with a par on par-5 ninth . The top-ranked New Zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year .
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his career grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta later this month . The world number one believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters at some point to achieve 'something special' he can achieve in his career . Northern Irishman has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances .
Dufner and wife Amanda divorced in February after an 'irretrievable breakdown of the marriage' The divorce settlement was filed on March 16 by Amanda . As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) Duffner has struggled this season with a neck injury . His next scheduled start is the Masters which starts on April 6 .
Lionel Messi sat out both of Argentina's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break . The 27-year-old is ahead of schedule in his recovery and will attempt to join the rest of the internationals tomorrow . Barcelona's 2-1 success stretched their lead over their arch-rivals to four points with 10 matches remaining . Real host Granada on Sunday, seeking to recover from three defeats in four successive matches .
Yannick Bolasie has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season . Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew was firm in the stance that it would take astronomical money to tempt him into selling . Winger made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years .
Wolves defeated Nottingham Forest 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Good Friday . Bakary Sako scored Wolves' second goal from the penalty spot after Henri Lansbury was fouled . Afobe was one of Arsenal's own before loaned to MK Dons and sold him to Wolves .
Conor McAleny opened the scoring for Reading in the 90th minute . Reading equalised through keeper David Marshall in the second half . The FA Cup semi-finalists face Arsenal in their last-four clash on April 18 .
Erik Compton, 35, will make his third appearance at the Masters this week . He had a heart transplant at 12, a second in 2008 after a major heart attack . The veteran recovered from childhood setback to become the No 1-ranked junior in the United States at 18, then a two-time All-American at Georgia .
Barcelona star Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with PSG will prove a real footballing 'spectacle' The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Barclays Premier League champions Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition . Barcelona and PSG meet on April 15 in the French capital .
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy . Reds legend Robbie Fowler says Liverpool's players must not focus on the 34-year-old skipper . Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Wembley on Wednesday night . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Liverpool host Liverpool in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday . Tom Cairney's side were thrashed 5-0 at Anfield in the return game . The Blackburn winger has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations . Click here for more Liverpool news .
Championship underdogs face Liverpool in first full house since 2011 . Blackburn rejected £12million bid from Hull for Jordan Rhodes . Rovers will be buoyed by the 'extra 20,000 people' at Ewood Park .
A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille . But Montpellier failed to break down Montpellier, which is in seventh place . Lucas Barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar as Monaco were held to a goalless draw with Montpellier . Dimitar Berbatov opened the scoring for the visitors at Stade Louis II .
Kenny Miller opened the scoring for Rangers in the 2-1 win against Hearts . Haris Vuckic sealed the win for the Ibrox caretaker manager's side . Rangers now trail Championship leaders Hibs by three points .
Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's trip to Burnley . Mauricio Pochettino hopes quartet of England players will get confidence boost . Harry Kane, Andros Townsend and Ryan Mason will all return at Turf Moor .
Andros Townsend scored in England's 1-1 draw with Italy on Tuesday night . The former Arsenal and England midfielder hit back at criticism from Paul Merson . 'I was just desperate to get that tweet out. I’m eagerly awaiting it,' he said .
Elliot Minchella has joined Broncos on loan until the end of the season . The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances but has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year . Leeds are conducting an investigation and are expected to deliver an outcome next week .
Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to Harlequins . Northampton full back suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion on Friday . Brown will see a neurosurgeon after the full-back's next game against Clermont Auvergne .
Manchester City had to watch in frustration on Saturday as Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League . Slipping to such a position was not in the script when City pulled level with Chelsea on New Year's Day and any further slips would increase the pressure on Pellegrini .
Manchester United beat Southampton 1-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in the list . But who else made the XI? Scroll down to find out .
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG, a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . Hill made it through a full season with Mount St. Joseph's women's basketball team in Cincinnati while raising more than $2.2 million for cancer research . She has already accumulated over $1.5 million . Despite Hill's disease getting worse, she has posted photos of herself on Facebook .
Study by Brown University in Rhode Island found gaming boosts ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately, and possibly puts gamers in an 'expert category' of problem solving . But researchers note they are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better - or if people who learn skills more likely to become gamers . The results showed gamers improved performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what they expected .
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons . Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Anfield on Saturday afternoon . Allen admits captain Steven Gerrard is no longer an automatic starter . Lucas Leiva has been sidelined with a number of injuries so far this season .
On a catwalk in Xi'an in China, models strutted stuff in gold underwear . Including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt worth around £40,000 . Idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women .
From the moment Jack Johnson won the world heavyweight title in 1908, a frenzied search began . Johnson was black — and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize . Racism was rife in America: black people were not supposed to rule over whites in any sphere of life .
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after his new agent suggested he could leave Everton as soon as this summer . Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned the £28million move to Goodison Park . The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract following his move from Chelsea .
An eagle gate-crashing a football team's training session and enjoying a solo kick-about in North Vancouver . The bird stands over the football and rolls the ball to the left before running to the right and allowing it to roll by . Despite some speculation that it is a young bald bird, a video of the bird's footwork is captured by the movement .
Married father-of-two accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' An assistant coach reportedly helped him out of the local bar . Jans recently led the team to its first postseason win in 40 years .
Yorkshire's Adam Lyth is competing with Jonathan Trott for Alastair Cook's opener at the first Test in Antigua on April 13 . The left-hander finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards . Lyth was prompted by a moderate 2013 which forced him to work on his concentration levels . Sports psychologist Scott Hartley came up with the idea to harness Lyth’s love of golf .
Alexis Randock posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week . A troll called 'fatalsplash' then accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work . Rickie Fowler responded to the online hater's defense and said he 'might want to get your facts straight before you talk to my girl friend like that' 'Fatalsplash’ was roundly criticized, being called a moron and accused of working at McDonald'
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night . City players crowded referee Michael Oliver to delay the restart . Jason Puncheon's stunning free-kick helped Cyrstal Palace to a 2-0 lead .
Crystal Palace midfielder Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by an object . The flying object was aimed at the 28-year-old during the 2-1 win over Manchester City . Assistant referee Michael Oliver checks on the player as he reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the City supporters . Punchon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles .
Bath face Leinster in the European Rugby Champions Cup semi-finals . The Irish side were left with a worrying injury list after the Six Nations . Bath have 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat England last month .
Mesut Ozil spotted in a nightclub hours after missing Arsenal's win at Newcastle through illness . The Arsenal manager said he went out for 30 minutes for a friend's birthday . Ozil explained he was only in the club for 30, but has been satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation . Arsenal face Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday .
Keith Curle is one of only four managers in the country's top 92 clubs who have played for England . The drain of leading English players to television rather than management was the key finding of a Sportsmail study . Curle insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career .
Harry Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia . Everton midfielder Ross Barkley and Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling will both be excused from European Championships . Mauricio Pochettino warns 21-year-old Kane risks burn-out if forced to play through summer .
Andros Townsend says Harry Kane is 'best finisher' he has played with . Kane made his England debut against Lithuania on Friday, scoring after only 79 seconds, and started last night's friendly against Italy in Turin . The Tottenham Hotspur scout says he should get a job in a youth team with 'keeper' Ryan Mason won his first cap for England against Italy on Saturday .
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Serie A side Cobreloa in 2008 . The Arsenal stand-out player has struggled to recover from a sore hamstring injury . Sanchez joined the Gunners for £30million from Barcelona last summer .
Romelu Lukaku joined Everton from Chelsea in a £28m deal last summer . The 21-year-old has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park . Roberto Martinez insists he is not concerned about the move . Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli are among his high-profile clients .
Michael Duff will take on Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday . The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions for Burnley . Harry Kane was 16 years his junior when Duff was on loan at Millwall .
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer . The tournament runs from May 27 to June 7 . Aidy Boothroyd will be the man in charge of the tournament . Liverpool's Jordon Ibe could feature in the squad .
Liverpool face Arsenal at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers' side have a game in hand over the Gunners . Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Merseyside . The 20-year-old appeared happy to discuss that unsigned £100,000-a-week contract .
Man shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California . He was standing in a smoking area behind Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride . Few visitors are thought to have seen the act, because of the secluded spot where the man shot himself .
Ruud Gullit left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat against Sunderland . John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club on Sunday . The Dutchman has played in 'massive derbies' in Holland and London .
Manchester United sit eight points behind Chelsea having played a game more going into the run-in . Marouane Fellaini's performances have made him almost undroppable, says Louis van Gaal . The Belgian is expected to start against Aston Villa at the end of the season .
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest . At the time she was the youngest-ever winner of an LPGA tournament . The professional golfer has career earnings of almost $3million .
Real Madrid are desperate to land Manchester United keeper David De Gea . But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate, according to reports in Spain . In Spain the focus is on Lionel Messi's injury, while in Italy there is more news on Paulo Dybala .
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton . Left back took to Instagram to pose with his daughter and their cars . The 25-year-old has been one of Ronald Koeman's stars this season .
Dick Advocaat will take charge of Sunderland against Newcastle on Sunday . The 67-year-old failed to recognise the significance of the Old Firm derby . His side were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998 and the Dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for underestimating the intensity of the rivalry .
Lampard took part in Channel Four interview with Channel Four's 'Alan Carr's Chatty Man' Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle took part . Manchester City star said: 'One in ten are gay aren't they? Fifty-thousand professional footballers, one of them must be'
Danny Cipriani helped Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester . Steve Diamond's side have the weekend off to recharge ahead of final four rounds of Aviva Premiership action . Sale are currently seventh in the league standings . Click here for all the latest Sale news .
Newcastle face Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday . Ryan Taylor scored a superb free-kick against Sunderland . The Scouser came through the ranks at Tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries . Taylor has been a fan during three of the last four defeats .
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California, was bought by Nixon in 1969, six months into his presidency . It is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and boasts several satellite residences for staff . When Nixon resigned in shame in 1974, he sold it to political ally Gavin S. Herbert, founder of Allergan pharmaceuticals company . Nixon owned the home until 1980, when he bought it for $1.4million and moved out in 1980 .
Ratinho had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football . The 35-year-old had a 76th minute strike from Igor Joao to salvage a draw . Remo midfielder's side secured a 1-1 draw against Atletico at the Estadio Olmpico do Para .
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotiations with their respective clubs . Sterling has been one of Liverpool’s best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems . Walcott has won 62.50% of their Premier League games when he is in the team, compared to 59.1% without him . Brendan Rodgers has been admiring Walcott, while Wenger has made no secret of his admiration for the winger .
Manchester United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday . Louis van Gaal's side are second in the Premier League table . United won 2-1 at top-four rivals Liverpool in March . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium in the Euro League on Sunday . Neymar led his side to a 1-0 win over Chile with his sister Dani Alves . Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga with four games to play .
Anthony Joshua believes his 'hunger and determination' will make up for Jason Gavern's superior experience when the pair go head to head in Newcastle on Saturday . Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 after he was forced to pull out of a January fight due to a stress fracture in his back . The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger does not know the exact reason why Alexis Sanchez chose Arsenal over Anfield . Chile forward has scored 19 goals so far this season . Arsenal face Liverpool at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday .
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon . The Gunners are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four . Arsene Wenger's side have won all six matches they played in March as he picked up the Manager of the Month award . Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week in a boost to their squad .
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on fly-half Jules Plisson last month . The 26-year-old is primed to go big-game hunting again . Northampton lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel .
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the next man to challenge for the title of world-class players Messi and Ronaldo . The Brazil captain has been a star since joining Barca from Santos two years ago . Ferguson insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment .
Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016 in France . Rooney regularly tells the Manchester United player of the month for March . His England tally is two behind the record of 49, set by Sir Bobby Charlton .
Inmate, 18, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . Two officers, including Scott Beaty, approached the inmate and told him to go back to his cell . Beaty was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene, though additional taser shots did not immediately affect him .
Chinese man, known as Xu, bought wife for son, who has learning difficulties . Desperate for grandchild, he bought her through a middleman for 10,000 yuan . Six months after Wang 'married' into the family he realised she was infertile . He sold her off to another family after trying to get Wang pregnant . 'Xu tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself, according to police .
Simba the cat was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn . Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March . He had looked everywhere - even hanging up notices in surrounding streets . But nearly four weeks later, a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises .
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal . But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . To date the video of Cooper's ice Cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of just 5mph . Florida spring-breaker begged for help as the giant sea cow floated past . Video was posted on Youtube by a friend of the girl .
Vicente del Bosque says his side failed to find the back of the net . Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals at Amsterdam ArenA . Spain lost 5-1 to the same side at the beginning of the 2010 World Cup .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been compared with Eric Cantona for the second time in the space of a few days . Former Marseille boss Peter Schmeichel believes Manchester United should make a move for Ibrahimovic because he is similar to PSG star . Ibrahimovic scored in Sweden's 3-1 international friendly win over Iran on Tuesday night .
Cape Verde started recruiting players who grew up in Europe, mostly Portugal in their case, but were eligible through family ties . Manchester United winger Nani could have played for them instead of Portugal . The island is 400 miles from Senegal and boasts beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes .
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Manchester United . The Colombian has been enjoying an evening out in Alderley Edge on Thursday before picking up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera . He has only scored four goals this season but managed three goals in two games for his country . Colombian striker has admitted he does not know whether he will be staying at Old Trafford next season .
Cardiff have thrown their backing behind a fans' boycott of the game . The club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets . Leeds have not confirmed if the decision was down to the club or council . CEO Ken Choo said the club would prefer their fans to be treated with respect and freedom as Leeds were .
Stephen John Docherty pleaded guilty to wounding with intent at court . The 66-year-old hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . At the time, the victim was not on the work site but a contractor told him he would be back shortly .
St John paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday . The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle 'and then went for a lie down' His family called Royal Darwin Hospital . Superintendent Louise Jorgensen said reports of drunken and foolish behaviour are highly frustrating for police .
The Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge against Henrik Stenson . Lee Westwood has got an impressive recent record at Augusta . Australian compatriot Jason Day has an outstanding chance to grab another win for Australia .
Black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning . Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its perch .
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest Wednesday night in Seat Pleasant, Maryland . Police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Iracks, 21, on charges of first-degree murder, accusing him of killing his friend . The prolific YouTube artist and aspiring rapper was accompanied by as many as 20 people during a rap video Wednesday night .
Wood bison were North America’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago . They were imported from Canada to the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed . The state and federal governments agreed to consider the Alaska wood bison as 'experimental' without the usual Endangered Species Act requirements .
Surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg . They are so powerful it can help propel riders into the air off waves . Michael J Fox's character was unable to get across the water with the board .
MI5 is giving advice on risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas – known as 'insiders' Germanwings disaster highlighted a number of motives for employees becoming an insider threat .
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby, held in Randwick on Monday . Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley can be seen growing increasingly jubilant about the race as the horse draws near to the finishing line . Rodley has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video .
1,500 migrants were rescued on Saturday by two coast guard ships and one navy ship in five separate operations . Three of the migrants' boats were in difficulty and sent . rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off Libya .
Athletic Bilbao Aritz Aduriz scored 90th minute equaliser for former club Valencia . Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off . Getafe boosted their hopes of securing Primera Division status for next season . Ecuadorian Felipe Caicedo scored twice as Espanyol beat Villarreal 3-0 .
Santiago Vergini keen to stay at Sunderland after revealing Premier League survival could trigger two-year contract . Argentinian signed season-long loan deal from Costa Rican side Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year . Defender had a start in Sunday's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle which provided huge boost to club's top-flight survival hopes .
Ashley Young is desperate to avoid a fifth successive Manchester derby defeat by Manchester City . United go into the match as favourites after registering five straight league wins . City lost their third defeat in five games at Crystal Palace on Monday .
Aston Villa teen Jack Grealish made his first league start for Villa on Tuesday . The Ireland Under 21 international is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field . Greaish says, due to superstition, that he'll carry on that way after the game .
Tiger Woods says the tournament is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning' He made it quite a family outing with his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side, and his children caddying for him . Woods' daughter, Sam, and son, Charlie, each wore green ballcaps and white caddie jumpsuits .
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-5 in Miami Open semi-finals . World No 1 will face Andy Murray in the final if he beat John Isner . Ferrer made a fast start but was hunted down on his 33rd birthday .
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow . The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin . McCOy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday’s Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor .
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirms Rubi Light is a definite runner . The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch . Richie McLernon has been confirmed for the mount on Emma Lavelle’s Court By Surprise .
Godolphin stable dominated £1.1million All Weather Finals day at Lingfield . Four-year-old beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby . Buick had earlier been successful with Pretend (Buick) in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons (Adam Kirby)
Mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Saracens hope of beating Clermont to reach a second successive European final . Argentinian centre Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory . Racing will face Northampton in the Champions Cup semi-finals .
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal to join Munster in New Zealand . New Zealand international will move to the province later this year after completion of his 2015 contractual commitments . The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues and was part of the New Zealand Under-20 side that won the Junior World Championship in 2011 .
Wasps coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap so English clubs can compete on European stage . The comments came after his team lost 32-18 to Toulon at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday . But the salary cap is currently £5.5million .
Six Ian Madigan penalties gave three-time European champions Leinster a tense 18-15 quarter-final success . Bath hopes to reach first top-flight European semi-final since 2006 . Attention will now return to the Premiership with four games left in the quest for a top-four finish .
Tim Bresnan last played in the England whites during the Ashes defeat in winter 2013/14 . Yorkshire's 13-year wait for a title ended last season, taking 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 and making 95 against Nottinghamshire on day the championship was clinched . Six White Rose players currently on tour in the West Indies .
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare against his own team-mates . He averted serious injury when he collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over . Broad initially looked in trouble when his boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground . But he spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack .
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday . The 19-year-old watched his boyhood club lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final . Villa are three points above the drop zone but manager Tim Sherwood has given him his first start in the crucial game .
Crystal Palace have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris . Chairman Steve Parish would like investment in the club to carry out improvements at Selhurst Park . Eagles beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night .
Speroni has signed a new contract that will expire at the end of next season . The goalkeeper joined from Dundee in July 2004 and will have a testimonial . But his Eagles career looks far from over as he continues to play a key role for Alan Pardew . Meanwhile, money transfer firm Neteller ended their partnership with the club .
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday to coincide with the school half-term holiday . Nearly 4,000 supporters were invited to watch the club's players put through their paces for free . Roberto Martinez and his coaching staff gave those in attendance a glimpse of what goes on at Finch Farm . Midfielders Aaron Lennon and Leon Osman appeared in particularly high spirits as they continued their preparation for Saturday's clash with Garry Monk's side .
Hull were beaten 3-1 by Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up and realise they are in a relegation battle . Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .
Leicester City struck late to earn three points against West Ham United . David Nugent had the chance to all but secure victory but the striker missed . Foxes are just four points behind Sunderland with six remaining games to play .
Radamel Falcao believes Manchester City's Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat on Sunday . The Colombian striker was speaking highly of the derby at Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3' on Thursday . 'I'd be thrilled to play in this match on Sunday,' he said .
Haris Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers . Kevin Mbabu, Remie Streete, Gael Bigirimana and Shane Ferguson all injured . Slovenia international admits he is uncertain over his future at Ibrox .
James Ward-Prowse has featured for England U 21s and Southampton . The midfielder scored the winner in the 3-2 win over Germany on Monday night . He is beginning to get noticed after starring for the club's youth teams . Click here for more Southampton news .
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 56,000-seater stadium in three years . Spurs' final opponent, Archway Sheet Metal Works, is being demolished . The North London club's neighbours fought a long-running court battle . Having secured planning permission and fought off a legal challenge, progress is being made .
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool during their defeat to Queens Park Rangers earlier this season . The midfielder was commenting after a Charlie Austin hat-trick . Pulis said the club were two goals up but lost 3-2 to QPR in the second Division play-off final of 1999 .
Reece Oxford has moved closer to a senior debut for West Ham . 16-year-old scored for the Under 21s against Manchester United on Tuesday . Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side this season . He is hopeful Sam Allardyce will give him his first team debut .
Josh Harrop stars as Manchester United secured a hard-earned victory against West Ham United . West Ham took a shock lead when Reece Oxford headed home an impressive delivery from Josh Cullen with just ten minutes played . Adnan Januzaj captained Manchester United Under 21 as they went four points clear at the top .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership . The Hoops boss hit back at criticism received for the condition of the artificial pitches . Red Devils are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen having played a game less than the Scottish title .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has branded his criticism of the St Mirren Park pitch 'terrible' Teale insists the criticism was unfair on the Paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty .
Stuart McCall has dismissed any thought of his Rangers future being decided . Former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season . Rangers are yet to achieve anything in the Championship . Shane Ferguson is finally set to arrive at Murray Park next week .
Karim Benzema hailed team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon' Ronaldo scored five goals during Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada . The Portuguese is only the third player to reach 300 goals in a single game .
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five Villa games . Aston Villa should have funds available from Champions League money . The wealthy German club, currently second in Bundesliga, should . value their top scorer at £25million however, and then would remain hugely reluctant to sell with manager Tim Sherwood a big fan.
England face West Indies in three-Test series starting in Antigua on April 13 . Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place . Coach Peter Moores says: 'Kevin's not on this trip so I don't have to focus on Kevin'
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Ander Herrera scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute . Louis van Gaal admitted he was so pleased with the Spaniard's first goal . Dutchman said he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting .
The Argentine forward has been linked with several clubs . Arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club for a move . Dybala says he is 'completely focused' on the last 10 games . The 21-year-old also visited the Nou Camp to watch Barcelona play .
Spanish publication Marca have splashed about how Carlo Ancelotti has recovered from Lionel Messi's foot injury . The former Monaco playmaker has been out of action since the beginning of February with a foot injury, but is named in Real Madrid starting XI on Sunday . Mundo Deportivo claim the rest of the season will be 'operation 30 points' for the Italian, with the Italian coach insisting it is not impossible that they will win remaining 10 games .
Amir Khan was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom . Bolton-born boxer Khan has announced his next fight will be against former light-welterweight world champion Chris Algieri on May 30 .
Chelsea are considering a 12,000-mile round trip for a pre-season tour in Japan . Blues boss Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a possible two-match, week-long trip . The proposed tour would also have implications for Chelsea's South American contingent, Oscar, Willian and Juan Cuadrado .
John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play in their FA Cup fifth round replay . The 21-year-old midfielder has been recalled from loan spell with Barnsley . Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't field his own player . Liverpool drew 0-0 with Blackburn in the first round replay on March 9 .
Burnley are gearing up for the final eight games of their Barclays Premier League survival battle . Sean Dyche's side remain in the relegation zone but are just three points off 15th place ahead of the weekend fixtures . The Clarets face Tottenham on Sunday in a tricky encounter .
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' The team lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday, going down 2-1 on aggregate . The result heaps more pressure on coach Rafael Benitez, who has failed to matched the success of his first season .
LeBron James helped his former team to a 114-88 win at the American Airlines Arena . Kyrie Irving also scored 23 points while the Heat saw Dwyane Wade go down with a knee injury in the first half . James passed Patrick Ewing (24,815) into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list . Golden State's Harrison Barnes hit a running shot in the lane with less than a second remaining, lifting the Warriors to 107-106 win over Phoenix .
Jacques Burger is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear reckless abandon . Saracens take on Racing Metro in the European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday . Burger is ‘unique among rugby players’ after undergoing pioneering knee surgery more than three years ago .
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night . Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the hosts the lead . Reading manager Lee Clark was left disappointed with his side's performance . Blackpool fans protested against the Oyston family's handling of the club .
Alastair Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring out . A controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot . That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease, with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture .
England's run-scoring against sub-standard opposition in Basseterre meant everything to Jonathan Trott . It must have seemed that he would never again bat for England when he suffered that brutal dismantling in the last Ashes tour 18 months ago . Cook is now certain of a new role opening the batting in the first Test in Antigua next week .
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea are in the Premier League . Blues lead the table by six points, with a game in hand, in hand . Eden Hazard will start for Chelsea against Stoke on Saturday . Belgian midfielder said earlier this week he is feeling weary .
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers' side have been in good form since last playing Arsenal . A defeat could leave Liverpool eight points adrift of the top four . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud has won Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March . The Frenchman netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins . He joined a long list of his compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player in the English top flight, alongside Thierry Henry, Eric Cantona and Nicolas Anelka .
Kenwyne Jones earned Bournemouth a point from the game against Ipswich . Freddie Sears put the visitors ahead after six minutes at Portman Road . The win takes Eddie Howe's men three points clear of the Championship leaders .
Liverpool are currently five points adrift of the qualification places . Brendan Rodgers has urged his side to perform well against Arsenal . The Reds take on the Gunners at the Emirates on Saturday .
Liverpool face Arsenal on Saturday in the lunchtime Premier League . Five hat-tricks have been scored in Liverpool vs Arsenal match-up . Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Arsenal . Robbie Fowler has scored two of the five trebles in Premier League history . Thierry Henry, Peter Crouch and Andrey Arshavin also scored .
Mario Balotelli has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits . The Liverpool trio met YouTube star Bas van Velzen at Melwood . Van Velzen had one last surprise as he unveiled the Liverpool forward's famous slogan .
Troll accused Rickie Fowler of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work . Alexis Randock posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole . The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included abusive commenters known as 'fatalsplash' He told the hater to 'get your facts straight' while Alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies . The 25-year-old fast bowler is 5ft 11in and weighs just over 12st . Alastair Cook's side travel to the Caribbean on Thursday for a three-Test series .
Australia coach Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday’s World Cup final win over New Zealand . Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill . A photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian’s fifth World Cup triumph . Mustafa Kamal has resigned after falling out with his colleagues .
Yorkshire have signed India international Pujara . Younis Khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015 . But the batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential touring party to Bangladesh, effectively halting the deal .
England batsman Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire that will keep him at the club until the end of 2017 season . The 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England . Bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches.
Ex-Rangers striker Marco Negri joined the Ibrox club for £3.5million in 1997 . However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow . The then 30-year-old suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg . Further scans showed an inflammation of the shinbone and more worryingly that properties of his blood were attacked by a lymphogranuloma or lymphosarcoma .
Arsenal defeated Liverpool 3-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates . Raheem Sterling was brought down for a penalty by Hector Bellerin . The Arsenal midfielder has struggled to impose himself on the game . Sterling is a star player, he admits he prefers to play . Daniel Sturridge only fit enough for the bench .
full-back Mils Muliaina arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night . The incident was captured live on Sky Sports following the 14-7 defeat at Kingsholm . He was led away by police and taken to a police van where he was arrested .
The government announced on Friday that the states and territories' treasurer had agreed to a 10 per cent GST tax . The move may affect consumers buying products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay . Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks . Netflix customers would only have to pay an extra 90c while song downloaders would pay an additional $2.19 track on iTunes .
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad for England this summer . Darren Gough says he has a pretty small chance of seeing him playing for England again . Gough is taking part in the second Investec ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for youth cricket and disability sports charity .
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 aged 33 . The former Celtic striker admits his health scare forced him to stop drinking . He says he is now a proud family man who enjoys settled life .
Brazilian website claims to have next season's Chelsea kit for sale on its website . Gareth Bale can be bought with 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front . Chelsea's away kit deal expires at the end of the season and he has not yet signed a new contract .
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon . Goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead in the first half . Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous goal in injury time . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull have launched a bid to buy Leeds . Owner said majority shareholder Eleonora Sport is considering the offer . The soft drink giant already own three clubs, including Red Bull Salzburg .
David Villa has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once . New York City are currently bottom of the Eastern conference . Frank Lampard's arrival at the end of the Premier League will be a major boost .
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season after 11 years . Livepool legend Steve Heighway predicted he would be a success . He described the Livepool captain as 'outstanding' after seeing him play at 12 .
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud . Seven points behind Chelsea seven points behind Premier League leaders . Wenger says his team must win every game in order to be ready for any setbacks that Chelsea may suffer .
Harry Kane is still eligible for Gareth Southgate's Young Lions . But Kenny Dalglish says he should be kept fresh for Euro 2016 . 'Harry Kane doesn’t need to go back to playing Under-21 football,' he says .
Manchester City have struggled to keep up with Chelsea in the title race . Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title . City could be in fourth place before they next play - at Crystal Palace on Monday - if results go against them over the weekend .
Section of Arsenal and Liverpool left seats empty at the Emirates Stadium . Protest comes after the Premier League's £5.14billion TV rights deal . Tickets at the sold-out Emirates start from £64 for the 12.45pm kick-off .
Galatasaray striker Wesley Sneijder unwittingly launched his knife range online on Saturday morning . Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg against Galastaray in Taksim Square, Istanbul, on April 5, 2000 . A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday . 'Very sorry. I didn't know this and deleted our promotion for the merchandise kitchen item. #Respect,' he said .
Deion Sanders Jr., a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, wrote on Twitter Thursday about needing 'hood doughnuts almost every morning' A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people . Sanders' dad, who is worth $40million, said he still loves his son's luxury clothing items on his social media accounts .
Analysts watch clips of beheadings, violent attacks and hard core pornography . Psychiatrists receive treatment from psychologists to help them cope . The CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center hire psychologists .
Face product company West Coast Shaving combined 30 faces to create one . The faces include Kurt Cobain, Freddie Mercury, Eddie Van Halen, Ringo, George and Paul .
Criminal cases connected to four Fort Lauderdale police officers have been dismissed after an investigation into a racist video and text messages . The investigation began after a woman filed a complaint against Alex Alvarez, 22, and Jason Holding, 31-year-old Jason Sousa, 25 . In their text messages, the officers sent each other 'racial, sexist and ethically inappropriate' images and other content, including offensive comments against both Hispanics and homosexuals . Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderley said in a text that he had 'that noos
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in its grasp . The tiny prey contorts itself into an array of shapes as it tries to escape . Student Frenki Jung, 17, from Sambas in Borneo captured the super close-ups in his garden at home .
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January to taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train . He then backing up and hit the train again and was preparing to hit it a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch . Knix must serve five years probation and pay over $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link .
Jia Binhui, 25, built a human barbecue in southwest China's Yunnan Province . He hopes temperatures above 42C can cure his leukaemia cells . The man has spent £55,000 on a bone marrow transplant he hopes will cure his disease .
Medway Council inspectors found filthy food preparation areas at takeaway . Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at court . He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs . Business closed in January 2014 as they feared risk to public health .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says he talks to God every day, but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife . The 52-year-old said he and his family 'know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the Word Food Programme as an ambassador against hunger . Chelsea are currently top of the Premier League and are playing QPR this weekend .
Legendary commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . He died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife and family members . A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s .
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip sometimes resembles a rugby club on tour . He said party needed to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' with female voters . Comes as party launches 'policies for women' alongside Suzanne Evans and Diane James . Polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back the party . 'There still are occasions where people in the party have occasionally resorted to boorishness or chauvinism,' he said .
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a flat in Fulham, London, in March . The 33-year-old Mexican national worked as a transgender escort in London . She was pronounced dead at the scene having suffered injuries to her head and neck . Police are appealing for anyone who had contact with Miss Santilan in hours before her death to come forward .
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored a brilliant second for England . Reading striker then fired home the second to put the home side in full control . But England struggled to build on their early assault on the China goal .
Bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig . Driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital . Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the championship .
Wayne Rooney feels Manchester United are on course to qualify for the Champions League . Juan Mata's brace against Liverpool secured United a 2-1 win at Anfield . Louis van Gaal's side are fourth in the Premier League standings . Manchester United travel to Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon .
A letter from Richie Benaud to an English fan on Friday emerged in the wake of the cricket legend's death . Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaude's advice on left-hand leg spin . He shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' The letter was dated September 27, 1996 .
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford . It was his sixth goal in eight matches since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield . Fellow striker Ander Herrera said Rooney 'shows very, very well what Manchester United is' United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool who lost 4-1 at Arsenal .
Dan Klice, 57, was pierced by the projectile at Ramapo College in New Jersey . He saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process . His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile .
A letter from Richie Benaud to an English fan on Friday emerged in the wake of the cricket legend's death . Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he wrote the letter and he shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man' The letter was dated September 27, 1996 .
Rodgers has criticised Raheem Sterling’s advisor in a TV interview . He suggests that the player is being manipulated by outside forces . Sterling has rejected a £100,000 a week contract and has two years left on his deal .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Charlie Adam scored the opener from inside his own half . Loic Remy's error gave Stoke the lead . Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic both started for Chelsea .
Piglet was born with its back legs missing and mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters . It is not the first animal with two legs instead of four to win plaudits in China . A rabbit at Liuzhou Zoo became a star attraction after learning to walk on its paws .
The toddler is thought to be aged between two and three . She carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music . The YouTube video of her balancing skills went viral this week .
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship table 15 times . Championship leaders Bournemouth and Watford could only draw at Ipswich and Derby respectively in evening matches . Norwich are a point further back if they keep winning at the top . Boro are avoiding relegation-threatened Wigan on Good Friday .
Wigan Athletic have appointed former club captain Gary Caldwell as their new manager . The 32-year-old will take charge against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday . Chairman David Sharpe has said Caldewell was 'the only candidate we considered' Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties following defeat by Derby on Easter Monday, leaving them eight points adrift of safety .
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring just before the hour mark for Brentford at Craven Cottage . Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit at the Britannia Stadium . Fulham remain in the Championship play-off position for the first time in 23 years .
Peter Moores could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England’s new director of cricket . Moores was not sure England needed another voice in the dressing room . Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of the Test series .
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket . Alec Stewart (Age 52) CURRENT JOB: Director of cricket at Surrey . Tamara Strauss (Ander Herrera) has captained England to home-and-away Ashes triumphs both home and away and now works for Sky Sports .
Bayern Munich defeat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park . Former Dortmund man Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game . Pep Guardiola's men stretch their lead at the top to 10 points . Dortmund are going to run out of time to claim an equaliser .
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal . The striker was only a substitute against Arsenal and would have been behind Daniel Sturridge in the pecking order . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers revealed the Italian did not travel with the squad after sustaining a training ground injury on Friday .
Calum Clark and Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting them to an open training session after their Champions Cup defeat . Northampton exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . 'It's one of the worst defeats I've experienced. We've had a few shockers and that's definitely one of them,' said director of rugby Jim Mallinder .
Chelsea striker Diego Costa lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with a hamstring injury . Costa replaced Eden Hazard in the 66-yard strike as Chelsea won 2-1 . Loic Remy scored the winning goal just five minutes after Costa limped off .
Mauricio Pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago . He is also becoming the manager for whom young Englishmen wish to play . Four Tottenham players - Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker - all played for England .
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday . Paul McGinley, Europe’s Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire, says the world No 1 aims to become iconic figurehead of his sport . 'It’s more about representing that No 1 position, and bringing as many titles along with it as he can,' says McIlory .
Video shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against brother, Cody . But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it . Immediately Blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes . To date the toddler's Easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times .
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared crowd trouble if his side formed a guard of honour for Hearts in the Edinburgh derby . Hearts boss Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners . But Stroms insists the threat of unrest was responsible for the decision .
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season . His future at the club under David Gold and David Sullivan remains unsure . West Ham have already beaten their total in the Barclays Premier League season last year by two points with seven games to spare .
The 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor in the first round of the lightweight competition at London 2012 . Jonas said: 'Being away from camp to recover from my recent injury has given me time to think'
Thomas Bjorn's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan . American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters . Bubba Watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt .
Danny Willett finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the parfive 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards . The 27-year-old qualified by being in the world's top 50 at the end of last season following his victory in the Nedbank Challenge . 'It's the kind of thing you dream of when you're a kid, boxing a long one across the green' he said .
Arnold Palmer, a seven-time major champion, has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder . He ignored the pain to take his place alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player as the honorary starters on Thursday morning . Palmer produced the longest drive on the par-four first hole .
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 at the Miami Open on Friday night . The No 1-seeded Serbian closed to within one win of his fifth Key Biscayne title and will face Andy Murray . His opponent Sunday will be two-time champion Andy Murray, who defeated Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 .
Nico Rosberg visited Mercedes' Brackley base in hope of winning formula . Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at Malaysian Grand Prix . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was surprised by the manner of the German's victory .
Lewis Hamilton admits to putting a foot wrong in embarrassing circumstances . The British racer was attending Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in London in 2008 . Hamilton wanted to introduce himself to Hollywood actor Will Smith .
The German Grand Prix has been withdrawn from the 2015 calendar . Formula One great Jackie Stewart has bemoaned the downfall . The German GP was in doubt due to financial problems . Questions over which circuit would host the race had been in doubt .
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health . The 30-year-old leads the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second . Hamilton believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans .
Part of the 'Wing' at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix was damaged by high winds on Sunday and Monday . The roof was removed and the roof 'looks a bit of a mess at the moment', says sporting director Stuart Pringle .
Jason Robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career . The 40-year-old was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage . Robinson credits then team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around .
Former England batsman Mark Butcher looks ahead to the County Championship . Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title . Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier . Middlesex have the return of a revitalised Nick Compton from Somerset .
Zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to visit Pakistan since gunmen attacked Sri Lanka team bus in Lahore six years ago . Shaharyar Khan, chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board, says Zimbabwe is willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals . Khan will meet with officials of the Zimbabwe Cricket Union on the sidelines of an ICC meeting in Dubai next week .
Alex Rodriguez returns to the New York Yankees line-up following a 162-game suspension . He was admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic . A-Rod received a warm welcome on his comeback, with signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd . Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer following the trade of Craig Kimbrel . Tampa Bay Rays designated hitter John Jaso suffered a left wrist contusion in the first inning of Monday's season opener against the Baltimore O
Tim Sherwood still in touch with chairman Daniel Levy at Aston Villa . The 46-year-old was sacked as Spurs head coach by Mauricio Pochettino last season . However, Herwood says he hasn't got a problem and thanks the board for ending his time at White Hart Lane . CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news .
Jordan Henderson toiled as a wing back in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal and lost the ball 23 times in 90 minutes . John O'Shea has clearly learned the canny defender's art of letting his brain do all the running if you get in the right position in the first place . Jordan Henderson has appeared in every minute of every game in all competitions for Liverpool this season .
Harry Kane was chosen as Spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his England debut and make his first start for the national team . The goalless draw at Burnley left Tottenham down in sixth, some seven points adrift of Manchester City with a vastly inferior goal difference .
Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane at Turf Moor . Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley and neither side escaped the bottom three had they won . Duff said as a team he 'handled (Kane) well' and his side 'work hard' Jason Shackell thinks his side need to be more clinical from now .
QPR defender Nedum Onuoha is wanted by Hull City . 28-year-old centre-back has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly . Stoke manager Mark Hughes also interested in Everton and West Ham .
Leicester City defeated West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash . Andy King scored the only goal of the game in the 86th minute . Nigel Pearson admits the survival is still a 'big ask' despite win .
Nigel Pearson said Esteban Cambiasso would have been man of the match if he had not scored his fine goal against West Ham . The Foxes midfielder put his side 1-0 up in the 12th minute after a ricochet . Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table . CLICK HERE for all the latest Leicester news .
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head during Brondby derby against Copenhagen on Monday . Danish FA disciplinary committee found former Liverpool defender Agger guilty of violent conduct . Agger has been handed a two-match ban by Denmark's side . He is currently fourth in the league on 35 points after his return from Liverpool .
Benfica have made an enquiry for Diego de Girolamo . The striker is out of contract with Bramall Lane this summer . Celtic and Southampton are also interested in the forward . De Giamamo impressed for Sheffield United in the FA Cup . He informed manager Nigel Clough he will not pen a new deal .
West Brom are set to make a £3million bid for Neil Taylor this summer . Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old left back . Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back, where he has struggled .
Tottenham face Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Thursday morning . Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen all attempt to distact the skillful Swede . The game ended a sucessful day for the club whose form has been mixed of late with a disappointing 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday .
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Brom if a deal is not in place by July . Peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m . Several Premier League clubs are looking for investment as they become more attractive in light of the recent Sky TV money .
Charlie Austin headed QPR into the lead on 35 minutes with a header from Bobby Zamora's cross . Eduardo Vargas headed home from a set piece 25-yard angle to give the hosts the lead . West Brom manager Tony Pulis was given a straight red card for a foul on Anichebe . QPR move up to 17th in the Premier League table, three points behind leaders Chelsea .
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . The defender hopes to return to action before the end of the season . Tomkins said: 'If I come back earlier then it's a bonus'
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough . The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the Bhoys boss . Hamilton Accies left Celtic Park triumphant earlier this season .
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals since joining Rangers in the summer . The Slovenian has denied a report saying he intends to quit St James Park . But he admits he still respects Newcastle because he has a year left at Ibrox .
Cristiano Ronaldo could be suspended for Saturday's game against Eibar . Real Madrid want the yellow card shown to Ronaldo to be rescinded . Ronaldo was unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down inside the box by Antonio Amaya .
Louis van Gaal has returned Wayne Rooney to his favoured attacking role . Ferdinand believes that Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United . He praised Van Gaal for moving Rooney further up the pitch . Ander Herrera, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick have all been key .
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in the WBO world title . The 31-year-old has never lost a belt in the ring . Quillink has taken a sabbatical to deal with the emotions of welcoming his first child into the world while his uncle battles cancer .
The pair reignited their war of words at a London press conference on Thursday . Saunders handed his rival Chris Eubank his first career defeat . The pair are set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other .
Glenn Murray has scored on average every 91 minutes for Crystal Palace . Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as the Premier League's top scorer this season . Frank Lampard has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than Manchester City team-mate Sergio Aguero .
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in Andalucia on Saturday . Club top scorer Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season . Valencia can reclaim third spot with a win at home to Villarreal on Sunday .
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday . Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up . Rangers are still in the Barclays Premier League drop zone . Aston Villa travel to QPR on Tuesday with a goal difference .
Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 league games since Neil Warnock took over . Manager Alan Pardew has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park . The Eagles are currently in the bottom three of the Premier League .
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time against Aston Villa . Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second . But Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side . Manchester United move up to third place in the Premier League table .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Louis van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured . derby against Manchester City is important in battle to finish runners-up . But Van Gaal sees the derby as an opportunity to push United's claims .
Ander Herrera started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played in that period . David Moyes wanted to bring the Spaniard to Old Trafford on deadline day in August 2013 but his inactivity prompted questions about his place in the squad . The 25-year-old scored a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against Aston Villa . Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans .
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday . The American was dropped twice in the second round and twice more . But the 37-year-old was returning from a five-month lay-off with a back injury .
'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury in November . Chisora has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury . Trainer Don Charles has confirmed that he has been back in the gym .
Templeton said McCoist had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management's . Ex-Rangers star was less than impressed by the player's comments . McCall also had words of warning for skipper Lee McCulloch .
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after Court of Session cleared him to return as a director . The South African-based businessman won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom last month . King has been holding off until he has cleared all regulatory barriers .
Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets . Incident happened during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo on Sunday . Referee Inaki Vicandi Garrido was given a straight red card for the incident .
Midfielder Xavi has managed just five starts for Barcelona in 21 games . The 35-year-old recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a move to Al Sadd . Manager Luis Enrique insists the midfielder has a vital role to play .
Franck Ribery claims he turned down Real Madrid five years ago . French winger says he was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich . He fell out with then-Bayern head coach Louis van Gaal and says Real were willing to pay for him . The 32-year-old has won four Bundesliga titles as well as a Champions League .
Borussia Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday . Jurgen Klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five games . Sven Bender says his side need to start scoring more if they want to win . Dortmund have scored 34 goals in 27 games in the Bundesliga .
Di Natale spent five years playing alongside Alexis Sanchez at Udinese . Sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions . Chilean says Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had .
Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci scored the goals for Juventus . The result leaves the Old Lady without key trio Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo . Alvaro Morata and Arturo Vidal were also sent off in the first-leg .
Roma will have part of their stadium closed for game against Atalanta on April 19 . A banner displayed during Roma's 1-0 defeat of Napoli on Saturday caused outrage for insulting the mother of a fan who died after violent clashes last year . Club president James Pallotta has condemned the club's fans in a statement on their website .
Kevin Toner is out of contract with Aston Villa at the end of the summer . Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched the defender . Toner captains the Under-21 side aged just 18 . Tim Sherwood is keen to develop the young talent with Toner training .
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the job at Wigan . Wigan Athletic are currently second bottom after a dismal run of results . Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan on Monday . Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .
Johansen believes his side's title aspirations 'look great' after 2-0 win at St Mirren . Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership . Hoops have only lost one league game this season and take four successive victories into home match against Partick Thistle .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance against St Mirren on Friday night . He felt their cause wasn't helped by the state of the Paisley surface . Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen with a game to spare .
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finish at the Masters in his 10 attempts . This year he is enjoying a break before the first major of the year . He has tried everything in the Bahamas but nothing has worked . The Ryder Cup defines him, getting his juices flowing, his eyes and veins popping .
Gary Player will attend his 58th Masters this week and salute what he considers would be one of the sport's finest accomplishments . Rory McIlroy is just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25 . 'I honestly believe he is going to do it,' says the South African legend . The 25-year-old is still squatting 300lb every morning even now, at the age of 79 .
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National . The Northern Irishman is ranked 111th in the world at present . Woods says he has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men, of all places .
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought . The 23-year-old has not scored for Barcelona since February 15 . Barcelona are currently seven points behind La Liga leaders Real Madrid . Click here for more Barcelona news .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Saturday . Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the hosts . But Pellegrini believes he does not fear the sack after the defeat . City are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea .
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will come up against each other in the Masters this week . The world No 1 is 103 places above Woods in the world rankings . Woods is one of only five players to win the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open .
Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win . The midfielder has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games . Barcelona remained four points clear of title rivals Real Madrid by scraping to a hard-fought victory over Celta Vigo .
Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during the defeat to Chelsea . The 29-year-old picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort . Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in a hard-fought match at Stamford Bridge . Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury and could miss two weeks of action . John Terry hailed Belgian international as one of the world's best players .
Raheem Sterling turned down a new deal with Liverpool on Wednesday . The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal . Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber and wants to play in his favourite midfield position . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is seen rebuking the youngster for answering him back at training .
Paul Casey has returned to the top 50 of the Ryder Cup after leaving the European Tour to concentrate on his game . Former world No 3 lost a play-off in the Northern Trust Open and finished joint third in the Honda Classic to climb to 44th at the start of this week . Only Tour members can play on the team and Casey gave up his membership in January to get back into the world's top 50 . 'I desperately want to be part of a Ryder cup again,' he said .
Odion Ighalo scored from the penalty spot to secure Watford a point at the iPro Stadium . Derby mascot Darren Bent scored from his spot to make it 2-2 . Adlene Guedioura seized the ball past Lee Grant with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his team-mate . Richard Keogh’s header was saved by Richard Sweeney for a goal .
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games . United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years . But the fallout has come amid an increasingly acrid war of words regarding McNamara's entitlement to a cut from outgoing player sales . One leading fan told Sportsmail of ‘overwhelming unhappiness’ with the manager's future .
Edinson Cavani and Zlatan Ibrahimovic do not get on . Reports suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship . But Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with the Swede . PSG take on Marseilles in the Premier League on Sunday .
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for third time against Premiership opposition . The 28-year-old ran amok as the Saints were thrashed 37-5 on Saturday . A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage .
A tour guide lures a mob of emus to an empty dirt road in the bush . Peddling his legs slowly, the tour guide scatters as the guide leapt to his feat . It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu - whose meat was highly valued for its oils .
Tottenham have registered their interest in Marseille star Andre Ayew . The 25-year-old forward is out of contract with Marseille this summer . But Spurs are facing stiff competition in the race to land the Marseille star, with a host of Europe's leading clubs also on his case .
Tim Sherwood, Chris Ramsey, Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey forming an alliance after Daniel Levy made Tim Herwood responsible for club's youth and Under 21 programmes . On Tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at Aston Villa . Ramsey is now head of football operations at Queens Park Rangers . The three men forged their friendship at Tottenham, regarded as the most political in English top flight .
Harry Kane was the youngest Premier League captain this season . The 21-year-old still retains belief they can gatecrash top-four party . Tottenham are currently seven points behind Manchester City .
Redknapp says Raheem Sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet . Former QPR boss insists Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid . Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Steve McManaman says Sterling's behaviour is 'ridiculous' and 'baffling'
Raheem Sterling has never said he wants to leave Liverpool according to manager Brendan Rodgers . Sterling gave a BBC interview last week in which he suggested he was considering his future at the club, and has not yet signed a new contract . But the Liverpool forward insists he is still focused on playing for Liverpool during the remainder of the season .
Michael Owen rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield this week . The 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to Real Madrid . Owen feels that Sterling is in a great place to develop, having done the same during his time at Liverpool .
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any player who wanted to leave Chelsea . Chelsea are interested in the 20-year-old and have been asked to be kept updated on his future . Sterling will start against Arsenal on Saturday despite admitting it was 'flattering' to be linked with Gunners .
Olivier Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March . Arsene Wenger's side are now seven points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea with eight games left to go . Arsenal striker Harry Kane is the first player to take three consecutive Player of the Month gongs .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal with Liverpool until the summer . The 20-year-old midfielder is seen as disloyal as Liverpool fans dissent . He owes Liverpool a little more respect than has been displayed in recent weeks . Sterling has been linked with a move to Liverpool from Barcelona .
Roy Keane would probably feel Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself . Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients . The approach he is employing here is not exactly endearing Sterling to anyone .
The One Beautiful Thought ad campaign was created in France . Created by Dove, the campaign asked a group of women to write down . Unbeknownst to the women, negative remarks and bullying were turned into a script . In one scenario, a customer could not intervene in the experiment .
The 18-month-old boys fell in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday . They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital .
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . He and Australian tennis player Roy Emerson, 78, enjoyed watching Kevin Anderson battle Jeremy Chardy of France before heavy rains postponed the game . Bush is a fan of Associated Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour 250 events .
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday . The imam had gun wounds to the chest and was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton . He was replaced by Hassan Anyabwile from Trinidad and Tobago .
Mounds of rubbish dumped by side of road in pretty Suffolk village . Police believe fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport rubbish . PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, described it as 'horrific' 'It's quite incredible. I have never seen anything like it in 28 years'
Council chiefs in Stratford-upon-Avon were left red-faced after leaflet promoting recycling... could not itself be recycled . The leaflet, attached to green bins, told residents what items could go in them . But the footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Animal was hardly Becher's Brook - one of Aintree's most notorious fences . But Cody somehow got stuck in the bog in Belvedere, south-east London . Crew members climbed into watery ditch as they tried to ease the animal to safety .
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 on day two at the Masters . The 58-year-old is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 . He is also better placed after 36 holes than when he won the green jacket in 1998 .
Yeovil were relegated for the second consecutive time in Sturrock's first game in charge of the League One side . The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay before jumping ship on Thursday . Notts County held on to draw 1-1 with fellow strugglers . Garry Thompson's equaliser condemned the Glovers to back-to-back relegations .
Manchester City have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash at Selhurst Park . The club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start, making it impossible for supporters to travel by train by train . Coach Mike Summerbee sent them on their way from the Etihad at 1.30pm, but all of those onboard the six coaches missed the kick-off with some arriving as much as 20 minutes after the start . Now, the club have acknowledged the coaches set off too late and have promised to hand out the refund .
Robbie Fowler is already one of the best Premier League strikers of all time . The former Liverpool striker has won 26 caps for England since 1993 . Former Manchester City striker is one of only five players to name a starting XI .
Two teenagers have been charged for allegedly setting off flares . A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during Friday's clash in Perth . Perth Glory were defeated 3-0 by Sydney FC in the A-League on Friday . The club has threatened a five year ban on the patrons involved .
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his beach house on the central coast of New South Wales . The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean . He bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007 .
Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis won Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 . His image of Dwayne Bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the West Indies to dismiss James Faulkner during last year’s ICC World Twenty20 competition in Bangladesh . Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent .
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near is Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17 but didn't come back . Family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability . But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home .
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes . Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool .
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal injury . Roberto Martinez expects the midfielder to be ready for pre-season . Everton will rekindle their interest in Tom Cleverley in the summer .
Darron Gibson damaged his metatarsal in Everton's 2-1 win over QPR last month . Roberto Martinez expects the midfielder to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Swansea trip owing to a hamstring injury .
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford, Kent . Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road . Meanwhile two teenagers were stranded on wrong side of the motorway .
Bradley Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning Scottish Boys and then the British Amateur Championship last year . 19-year-old is being tipped for big things by the likes of world No 1 Rory McIlroy . Sandy Lyle played alongside him as he stepped on to the first tee hoping to recover from a six-over-par round on day one .
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National . The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . Neil was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle .
Danny Willett vented his anger after his shot from beyond the green trickled across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse . The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta .
McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth . The world No 1 will go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (BST) on Friday .
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open . The British No 1 has reached his biggest tournament win since Wimbledon . Murray has lost nine out of his last 10 Masters-level finals . He was thrashed by the world No1 in the Australian Open semi-final .
Mercedes chief Toto Wolff sees no reason to ask for more money . Team Ferrari beaten into second and third in Malaysia by Mercedes drivers . Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg both finished third and third respectively .
James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China . Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month . This weekend's race should favour Mercedes given the cooler climes .
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester which keeps him with the Tigers . The 29-year-old has suffered a dislocated shoulder in the defeat of Newcastle . His future at the club appeared to be in doubt when his cruel injury jinx struck again last month .
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend . Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints admitted the result points to a chasm between the English and French leagues . Former England captain Lawrence Dallaglio believes it is a disaster for the national side who have not finished above fourth place in the RBS 6 Nations since 2011 .
Glasgow Warriors placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray could be sold to highest bidder if Castres are relegated from the Top 14 . Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down with fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave . 45-times capped second row was ruled out for rest of the season in February after suffering an upper-arm injury .
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury . Derbyshire wicketkeeper, 25, missed the entire 2014 campaign . He had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi .
Reports emerged suggesting Mike Ashley was now official owner of the club's Light Blues trademarks . Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January . Ashley has seized hold of more treasured assets will worry Ibrox faithful .
Cristiano Ronaldo was unfairly punished after being brought down by Rayo defender Antonio Amaya on Wednesday . Real Madrid appealed the yellow card for Ronaldo during Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano . But his one-game suspension has now been rescinded . Ronaldo will start against Eibar on Saturday after his appeal was successful .
Manchester City last played an equal amount of games on November 23, 2013 . This occurred after City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night . United trail Louis van Gaal's side by a point ahead of Sunday's derby . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic took his PSG total to 102 goals in less than three years . The 33-year-old now trails former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books . Saint-Etienne boss Christophe Galtier called Ibrahimovic the ‘best foreigner to ever play in France,’ and you would struggle to argue against that assessment .
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in Manchester derby meetings . Argentine forward says scoring against United is enough to give him shivers . He hails fellow South American Radamel Falcao as one of the most gifted strikers in world football . The 27-year-old insists: 'Of course we can still win the title'
Lazio clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia with 1-0 victory over Napoli, a result which sealed a 2-1 triumph on aggregate . Substitute Senad Lulic scored the winning goal on Wednesday . The Italian side are third in the Serie A standings, 15 points behind Juve but just one point adrift of Roma .
James Rodriguez has settled in seamlessly at the Bernabeu this season . Los Blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when he is in the side . 23-year-old is also praised for his influence in the No 10 role . Roberto Mancini wants to sign eight quality players from 21 candidates . Juventus striker Alvaro Morata is not interested in returning to former club .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night . Charlie Adam's 65-yard strike cancelled out Loic Remy's winner . Hazard believes his side are close to winning the Premier League title .
Bayern Munich secured their place in the German Cup semi-final . They beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in a penalty shoot-out on Wednesday night . Pep Guardiola believes his side are without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery .
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona . The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago as a first-team player . Bellerin carries 12 per cent of the vote in a poll carried out by 'Sport' Young Spaniard has impressed Arsene Wenger with his improvement . Click here for more Arsenal news .
David Luiz suffered a torn hamstring in Sunday's 3-2 win at Marseille . The 27-year-old will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury . PSG take on Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday . Luisz's injury will not be for his PSG team-mates as they look to defend their crown .
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks in the latest edition of the Indian Premier League . The final takes place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24 . MS Dhoni is looking to guide Chennai Super Kings to a third title . New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum and West Indian all-rounder Dwyane Bravo will be looking to build on a brilliant World Cup campaign .
Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in a thrilling match against relegation rivals QPR on Tuesday night . The 24-year-old's late free-kick brought the striker's tally up to 11 goals for the season . Aston Villa defender Matty Phillips dribbled forward with his header .
Aston Villa's mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats . Tim Sherwood believes his stars must dig deep to solve their relegation crisis . QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas who has knee ligament injury .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby have all started for the club's Under 21s game on Tuesday night . All three featured in last week's practice match against Brentford development XI . The Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium in a U21 Premier League clash . Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up .
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are set to feature for the Gunners Under 21s on Tuesday night as they continue recovery from injury . All three featured in a practice match last week against a Brentford development XI, with Mathieu Debuchy scoring in that game . Serge Gnabry and Dan Crowley are also set to take part in the match .
Liam Treadwell has been booked for the ride on Monbeg Dude in Saturday’s Crabbie’s Grand National . The ride on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides .
Alastair Cook is one match - eight runs in two innings - back into the regime he departed for three months after Christmas axing . England captain will be beset by endless stream of enquiries before he next walks out to open his own Test series for England . The Ashes lost 5-0 under Cook's captaincy in 2013-14 . Peter Moores' side take on Grenada in the third Test on May 1-5 .
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback . Gooch has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return . The former England captain also worked as the national side's batting coach until last year . But Gooch took exception to Gooch's suggestion that a Test series victory in the West Indies would take the 34-year-old's name off the agenda .
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall . The batsman has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013 . 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Nabil Fekir's father believes Arsenal would be ideal destination for him . Mohamed Fekir does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City . The 21-year-old scored Lyon's opener in their 3-1 win over Guingamp .
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening . Fabian Orellana and Sergio Busquets clashed during the closing stages . Referee Inaki Garrido sent off a straight red card for the incident . Real Madrid won the game 9-1 against Granada earlier on Sunday .
Manchester City are confident UEFA’s punishment for a breach of financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer . City have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows - they spent £25m bringing Wilfried Bony in from Swansea in January . Arsenal have paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City who were traditionally Europe’s biggest spenders .
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League on Saturday . Blues striker Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . Striker was replaced by Loic Remy for the visitors on his fourth start .
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off round to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown . It took the pair three extra extra goes at the 18th before they were finally separated with three successive pars ultimately earning her sixth LPGA Tour triumph . On that occasion, she also eagled the final hole, and admits it was 'surreal' to repeat the feat this time . LPGA Inspiration won the California tournament in 2009 .
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren at Turf Moor . Dyche has been linked with a move to Newcastle at the end of the season . Derby occupy final play-off place in the Championship .
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league . The 24-year-old scored a penalty at the Emirates on Saturday . Liverpool fell to a 4-1 defeat by Arsenal to leave their top four hopes in tatters .
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey's careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park . Ramsey came close to the QPR job when Paul Lambert was sacked in the same period and Aston Villa placed the call . The reverse result would take Villa to the precipice of safety, leaving QPR with a fainter glimmer of hope . A quirky sequence of events has pitted them on opposite sides instead .
Darren Bent has nine goals in 13 games since joining Aston Villa on loan . The 31-year-old has been on loan at Fulham and Brighton since January . Derby take on QPR in a relegation match at Villa Park on Tuesday night . Bent will also become a free agent while on the books at the Rams .
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night . Tim Sherwood is without Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair . Tom Cleverley, Kieran Richardson and Aly Cissokho are doubts .
Burnley manager Sean Dyche insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor . Dyche has been tipped to replace former England manager Steve McClaren . Burnley are currently second from bottom with just seven games to go .
Chelsea captain John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour' Chelsea defender Gary Cahill has backed Terry to shrug off a hostile reception when they face QPR on Sunday .
QPR dragged into the relegation zone after 3-3 draw at Aston Villa . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water above water . QPR are third bottom, two points from safety, after 4-1 win at West Brom . Defender believes other teams will be worried about Rangers .
Aston Villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the Premier League . Chris Ramsey and Tim Sherwood worked together at Tottenham . Ramsey says if he was a betting man 'we’re not allowed to do, I would be putting a bet on him keeping them up,' he said .
Queens Park Rangers drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Sunday . Christian Benteke's hat-trick earned a draw for the relegation-threatened visitors . QPR chairman Tony Fernandes was watching the scenes from his iPhone . He tweeted: ' Despair, disappointment, joy, but most important pride'
Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic will start against QPR on Sunday . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists his midfield twosome will play despite being one booking away from a two-game ban . The Blues travel to Old Trafford on April 17 .
Chelsea defender Wallace released without charge after being questioned by police on 'suspicion of a sexual offence' The 20-year-old was with Vitesse Arnhem squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club . A police spokesman is quoted by local media as saying it was 'sexual'
Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich all have players who could be playing in the top flight next season . Matt Ritchie, Bradley Johnson and a midfielder from Norwich have all scored in the Championship so far this season - if they don't make an immediate return .
Melissa Wilson and Caroline Reid will battle the same Thames course as the men who will follow an hour later . Wilson's grandfather Richard Cowell will still see the race, which will be televised for the first time . 'I remember when I was 14 watching with my dad and my brother and saying "are there going to be women on?" he said .
The Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution on Wednesday . Crew members from Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox . The Boat Race takes place on Saturday, April 11 .
Wasps will appeal the three-week ban issued to Nathan Hughes . The club will appeal on the grounds the incident was an accident . Hughes was given the suspension after being found guilty of striking out George North . North suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months .
Saints wing George North will be reassessed at the end of April . Saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period . North was knocked out after colliding with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes . The 22-year-old was then banned for three weeks for a collision with Hughes' knee .
Northampton ruled out winger George North for game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday . Saints have removed North from firing line ahead of biggest game to date . 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes' knee on Friday night .
Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June . Tom Lineham showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener .
Leeds claim 26-12 derby victory in front of a sell-out crowd at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle . Castleford had beaten Wigan and Catalans Dragons in Kevin Sinfield's absence . Leeds extend unbeaten run against the Tigers to six matches .
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at Huddersfield . The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday . Giants managing director Richard Thewlis says it's another bad blow for Bobby .
Trott will open batting with Alastair Cook in Antigua in first Test against West Indies on Monday . Yorkshire batsman Adam Lyth dropped twice with the bat . England completed four days of low-key, uncompetitive warm-up action .
England beat a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI by 95 runs on day two . Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets for 10 runs . Ben Stokes said Cook and Trott gave them nothing in the middle of the game .
Richie Benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment . The cricket commentary box legend, 84, died on Friday at the age of 84 . He had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope he could return to work . Last year he told reporters he was coping with his progress 'very well'
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho heaped praise on the professionalism of Remy . Remy also netted winner against Hull before the international break .
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught on May 3, 2013 graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van . He fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property . Mr Philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car and that it was out of character for him .
Louis Smith, 25, is a medal-winning Olympic gymnast and even a Strictly Come Dancing champion . The former gymnast, who shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympics, is constantly sharing topless selfies . 'I’m just sharing my physique,' the hunk of the gymnastics said of his snaps in an interview .
Miss Bonas says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry . The 26-year-old has been wearing so much Mulberry after being named face of the brand . 'I'm a strong, independent woman,' she says in a new interview to promote her role .
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, pulled out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane . Moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median' Mr Stack: 'I did what he told me to do, asked for my license and registration, I gave that to him. I did it out of habit'
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket . The 40-year-old has largely kept his counsel on the demise of Paul Downton last February . Former England batsman has declared himself open to discussions about the new post . Vaughans was the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket in 2005 .
Chris Tremlett has backed Kevin Pietersen to make an international comeback . Former England and Wales cricket board managing director has cancelled his Indian Premier League contract to play domestic cricket for Surrey . Pieterson was sacked by ECB in February 2014 .
Stewart played in 133 Test matches for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey . But he has not yet been approached by the ECB following the sacking on Wednesday of Managing Director Paul Downton . The early bookies’ favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to incoming chairman Colin Graves . Stewart is open to offers and says he would 'stupid not to look at it'
Kyle Walker fractured his right foot following a scan on Tuesday . England defender sustained the injury following heavy collision with Burnley defender Kieran Trippier at Turf Moor on Sunday . Results from the scan showed up heavy bruising, but no fracture . Walker will hopefully return to action for Spurs soon .
Arsene Wenger is the March's winner of the Premier League Manager of the Month accolade . The former Arsenal boss has won 27 monthly prizes since his retirement . Ferguson was the first Manchester United manager to win 27 awards in all . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield . The 23-year-old returned from loan spell at Charlton earlier in the season . He is determined to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira . 'It was the time for me to extend my loan or come back and I extended it and thought maybe I won’t get the chance now,' adds Coquinho .
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of QPR . QPR manager Tim Sherwood will find a senior role for the 52-year-old . Darren Bent has expressed an interest in reviving his Villa career now Paul Lambert has departed .
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint . Troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, Shane, following threats she made to kill herself . While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a blade from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade, and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo . But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel . A video of the performance has since gone viral online .
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, according to police in Tulare, California . Officers responded to a home where they found a 41-year-old woman who had been fatally shot in the head, police said . Police determined that Tovar shot Rojason-Nevada, then turned the gun on himself . Neighbors were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s daughter just after midnight on Saturday .
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel, clipping Phillips' leg . Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
The house was built 130 miles from center of Anchorage after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . Hordes of Dr Seuss fans have flocked to 'climb the tower' in past few years .
Children who shared iPads in class do better in early literacy tests, researchers claim . Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users .
Right-handed reliever John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies . His son Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . More surgery will be necessary, and one of the top surgeons is in Denver .
The four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg . One man is in a 'serious condition' according to emergency services . Three passengers taken to hospital, but cause of crash remains unknown .
Vincent Kompany has slammed UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations . Manchester City were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season . City are debt-free thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour's investment .
Relationship issues and sexual problems are high on the agenda at the pub . They were the findings of more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras . One man was heard telling friends he realised he was gay while dating a married woman .
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt . Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing . Experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway .
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight on Friday aged 84 . Legendary commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . In his recognition, Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling his death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman'
Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf . It will come as little consolation to Sergio Aguero that he reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player in Manchester City’s history with his double at Old Trafford . James Milner's reaction to being substituted after a reckless challenge from Phil Jones does not augur well for the England winger . Martin Demichelis was caught in the face by Marouane Fellaini's arm in the second half .
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford . Goals from Sergio Aguero, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling . Twitter users produce viral images which pick fun at City's expense .
Hibs held on to second place in Championship with 2-0 derby win . Alan Stubbs' side now up for Scottish Cup semi-final against Falkirk . Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored in the second half . Hearts boss says he is 'delighted' for his players' bravery .
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car . She was a 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy in Tampa, Florida . In a later incident, she allegedly had a second teen girl with him . Her bail is set at $100,000 .
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to shut down a dangerously large rave in Sydney's East . The incident occurred at 10.30pm on Saturday night at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany . A male officer was hit by a bottle and taken to hospital to have glass removed from his head . More than 100 partygoers were treated by ambulance paramedics for minor capsicum spray contamination .
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecoma, Melbourne . The men, all wearing hooded jumpers, gloves and masking their faces, broke into the service station on April 2 . They filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes . However they failed to get the large loot in the boot and lost about a third of it .
Woman attacked while walking her dog in Prahran, Melbourne on Wednesday . Clare Verrall said she didn't believe she would have been able to fight off her violent assailant had she not learned self-defence . The 31-year-old kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . 'I just kneed him straight in the nuts,' she continued . Police are still searching for the man, described as 'Caucasian, aged in his late 20s, approximately 180cm tall with a
George Gittoes says his 2015 Sydney Peace Prize is welcome recognition that 'creativity is the opposite of war' The Sydney Peace Foundation chair said the jury 'felt his unique approach to peace building and social justice should be recognised and applauded'
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch . Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs . Stella places one hand by Boo's mouth but the friendly dog doesn't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back .
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park - the country’s only open-range zoo . It shows the lions interacting with the people who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car . Still frames capture a lion standing up against the side of the cage alongside the keeper – its power and size is plain to see .
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday . It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on runway . About 25 firefighters were called in to contain fuel leaking from both aircraft .
Ramires and Nemanja Matic set to feature again in west London derby . Oscar has failed to score in any of Chelsea's last 11 games . Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand . Mourinho does not want to take any chances against QPR at Loftus Road .
Sebastian Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season . The four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory at Maranello last week . Ferrari won 35 Grand Prixs in Malaysia 11 days ago and end his own 20-race drought .
David Powell, 73, was arrested after his mother's body was discovered . The body has not yet been formally identified, Celilia Powell is understood to be his mother . Mr Powell, of Barlaston, Staffordshire, is due to appear before magistrates today .
Cambridge United chairman Dave Doggett has warned of a new breed of hooliganism . He believes groups of up to 10 men are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games . Warns violence at matches has increased as older men return to watch team play in retirement and fears there is a danger they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
Ladies' Day has long been a highlight of the racing calender . But the hours of drinking took their toll on the female race fans . Wardrobe malfunctions hit many a low-cut dress and thigh-length frock .
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder . He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes . The clip is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump .
Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into path of U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft . Pentagon officials have slammed the move as unprofessional and unsafe . Russia rubbished claims it was deliberate and aggressive interception .
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey left out of sides through injury . Gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season . LA Galaxy had plenty of chances to equalise at the StubHub centre . Lamar Neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes .
Eden Hazard is reaching the incredible standards of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo with his 'dancing feet' Chelsea star has been lauded for his fine performances this season . Graeme Souness believes Hazard will be named the PFA Player of the Year .
Jordan Spieth holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds . The 21-year-old American will be joined in Saturday's final pairing by Charley Hoffman, who is on nine under par . Leading Brits Justin Rose and Paul Casey, both in a tie for third with Dustin Johnson on seven under par, will tee off at 2:45pm local time . Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out a lot earlier in the day as they both bid to make up ground
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen . The 25-year-old Slovenian won 6-3 6-2 victory over Maxime Chazal in Casablanca Open . He will now face either Michael Linzer or Maxime Texeira in the next round .
Hamilton was over half a second quicker than team-mate Nico Rosberg . The Briton is bidding to win his fourth race in China this season . Ferrari's success was 'a wake-up call' to his organisation, Toto Wolff .
Keanu Reeves sampled atmosphere at Red Bull's headquarters in Milton Keynes . He also checked out pit stops and more at the Red Bull factory with Sky Sports . The Hollywood actor said Formula One was similar to the film business .
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end on Sunday . The Spaniard left Ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but is now happy to be back for the 2015 season . He said: 'I've been lucky to win championships and to win many grands prix, but now I feel happier and prouder doing the things we are doing now as a team than winning a trophy'
Sergio Perez fears for Force India's upgraded car this season . Perez finished 13th at Sepang in the season-opening race in Australia . The Silverstone-based marque's B-spec model will not be unveiled until June .
Daniel Ricciardo met a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix . The Australian tried to hold different stances and poses as he bids to improve on a sixth place finish in Australia . 2014 season has been a tough 18 months for Red Bull following slow start to season .
AP McCoy claimed victory as he rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle . The gelding had been out of luck with his opening three rides - the closest he got was third place in the Betfred Bowl on Holywell . Arctic Fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, took a tumble at the final flight when poised to challenge Jezk to take the lead .
Jacques Burger cited for alleged foul play during Saracens' win over Racing Metro . Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud was 'low to the floor', according to match commissioner Eugene Ryan . Namibia international Burger, 31, will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday .
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins on a full-time contract . Fly-half spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term . 21-year-old was released from his loan at the Durban-based Sharks .
Charlie Hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract . Former Folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system . It has been an extraordinary journey for him from a second XI debut for Kent at 15 to his recent status as the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978 . emigrated to Brisbane 18 months ago, admits his desire had regressed into an 'unrealistic dream'
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been retained in the 14-man squad . Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down for the three-match series . Devendra Bishoo, who played his 11th and last Test three years ago, has also been handed a recall .
Steven Finn has vowed to chase an England recall despite missing tour . Middlesex seamer was one of few pluses of a dismal World Cup run . Finn found it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the 90mph mark .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table as the guilty verdicts were read . Jury will now decide whether the former student should receive the death penalty or receive life in prison .
Italian cyclist Elia Viviani was injured in crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs . Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race . Thomas went to hospital for x-rays after the crash which sent 50 riders to the ground .
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's rapid rise or risk losing him . Kane was handed his first Premier League start for Spurs 12 months ago . He has taken the top-flight by storm this season, scoring 29 goals in all competitions . The 21-year-old has scored on his England debut in March .
Sebastian Larsson suspended for Sunderland's trip to Stadium of Light . Jack Rodwell to return to the squad after hamstring problem . Will Buckley also included among the substitutes against Magpies . Crystal Palace midfielder Joe Ledley to prove his fitness for Palace . Mile Jedinak likely to return after four-match suspension if he does not make it .
Jonas Gutierrez was the only Newcastle player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland . It was the Argentine's first start for Newcastle in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer . The 31-year-old is in line to start at Liverpool on Monday night, meaning he will be one game closer to winning a new contract at St James' Park .
The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the competition . Sam Allardyce's side are currently first in the Premier League . Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time next season before they move to the Olympic Stadium .
Ibrox crashed to second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston . Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South’s play-off hopes a massive boost . New manager Stuart McCall adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss .
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills as he shows off his skills on Instagram . The former Santos ace will be hoping to impress when Barcelona travel to Sevilla . Barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of La Liga .
Manchester City have struggled in the Premier League this season . The last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney's acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory . Manuel Pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side’s season, which has seen them slip to fourth and make an early exit from three cup competitions, including the coveted Champions League .
Manchester City take on Manchester United on Sunday at Old Trafford . Manuel Pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash with the champions . The Citizens have unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table .
French League (LFP) president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to resign . Thiriez did not come down to pitch to shake players' hands ahead of Saturday's League Cup final . PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the Stade de France final on Saturday .
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time and Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 . Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in San Jose's MLS win over Vancouver . Sebastien Le Toux beat his defender, dribbled to the goal-line and fed it home .
Lazio reached their eighth Coppa Italia final on Wednesday evening . Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a place in the final on June 7 . The Biancosta side are currently third in the Italian Premier League .
Palermo have picked up just two points in their last six league games . The Islanders have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan . Roberto Vitiello feels his side must start winning at Udinese on Sunday .
Glenn Murray hailed Vincent Kompany as the best player in Europe's top five leagues by millions on Monday . The striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in the top five Premier Leagues . Murray's nous and a nous to win duels and subtly influence referees enhanced by years at the lower levels . He was playing non-league for Workington, Barrow, Carlisle before turning out in America's third tier .
Glenn Murray fired Crystal Palace ahead in the first half . Scott Dann and Jason Puncheon both appeared to be offside . City are now nine points adrift of the Premier League leaders Chelsea .
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti faces selection conundrum ahead of Wednesday's match at Rayo Vallecano . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday . Real are four points behind leaders Barcelona in the La Liga title race . James Rodriguez and Isco are also set to return to action for the first time in two months since breaking a bone in his foot .
Hierro believes that Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season . The club legend believes that the current squad can go on a successful European run like they did in the late 1990s and early 2000s . Carlo Ancelotti's men meet city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals of last year's final .
Cristiano Ronaldo was splashed across every Spanish sports paper on Monday . Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive . Carlo Ancelotti's men remain four points clear at the top of La Liga . Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 as Jeremy Mathieu scored a header .
Gareth Bale treated himself to a Sunday evening BBQ after Real Madrid's impressive 9-1 victory against Granada . The Welsh wizard was in fine form during the international break, scoring twice and assisting another in an impressive win in Israel . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals to help Real Madrid to an eight-minute hat-trick as they bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona .
Sam Allardyce tells West Ham not to judge his side on their form in 2015 . West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year . The club have already beaten last year's total by two points with seven games to spare . Alladyce has Enner Valencia available for selection against Stoke City on Saturday following a bizarre toe injury .
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm) United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Jonny Evans is banned . City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for derby with a hamstring injury . Wilfried Bony, Stevan Jovetic and Dedryck Boyata also out .
Chris Smalling visited old club Manchester United on Friday . The 25-year-old defender presented some members with replica United jerseys . Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was national champion for his age group before football took precedence at 15 .
Louis van Gaal has praised the rebirth of Marouane Fellaini . The Belgian was jeered by both Manchester City and United fans last year as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat to David Moyes' side . He has allowed Van Gaal to play 4-3-3 with Juan Mata, Rooney or Angel di Maria .
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby days . Included: Late goals, an overhead kick and a rare Paul Scholes header . Rooney says it's a game he'll never forget: 'It was end to end for a lot of the game'
Chelsea are without Diego Costa and Nemanja Matic through injury . Cesc Fabregas will play with mask to protect his broken nose . Rio Ferdinand will not be considered for QPR with unspecified knock . Yun Suk-young still out alongside Eduardo Vargas and Leroy Fer .
Chelsea have topped the Premier League since the opening day . But Jose Mourinho's side are still seven points clear . The Blues travel to QPR on Sunday in the league . Click here for more Chelsea news .
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to his side than it is to Chelsea . Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to win Premier League crown . Ramsey feels Chelsea's lead at the top means the game takes on extra significance for the hosts .
Orlando City are sixth in the Eastern Conference after three games without win . Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his gym routine on Instagram . The Brazilian couldn't stop his side from slumping to a 1-0 home defeat to DC United last week as Luis Silva struck the only goal .
Bristol City will become the first club to win promotion this season should they beat Bradford on Tuesday night . The League One leaders came away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed, drawing 1-1 with Aaron Wilbraham's equaliser . Preston remain in pole position to join them, but manager Simon Grayson has warned his players not to get carried away .
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham goals clinched a derby victory for Bristol City in the Championship derby . City took revenge for a bitterly beaten 1-0 defeat back in November . Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
Wigan Athletic chairman David Sharpe is confident he has made the right call . Gary Caldwell has been appointed as their third manager of the season . The 32-year-old is the Football League's youngest manager . Malky Mackay left the club in the Championship relegation zone on Tuesday .
Hibernian claimed their first derby victory of the season with a 2-0 win over Hearts on Sunday . Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for Leith outfit . Hearts went into the game with only their title bragging rights at stake .
Dani Alves has rejected Barcelona's final contract offer . Brazilian defender has won four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice . 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the Catalan club .
Dani Alves's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among a number of top clubs keeping tabs on the player's availability . The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season . Dinorah Santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the Spanish giants offering to extend the full-back's deal at the Camp Nou Camp .
Norwegian Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders with Niki Terpstra . Team Sky's Geraint Thomas settled for 14th place in incident-packed race . Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara - winners of six of the last 10 races - missed through injury .
Alan Pardew jokes Glenn Murray has a 'bionic' knee and hopes he can continue to torment Premier League defences . The Cumbrian striker missed the majority of last season through injury . He has scored five goals in five games since returning from serious knee injury as Crystal Palace won promotion to the Premier League via the play-offs in 2013 .
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, is seen in 50 second clip captured on mobile phone . He dances outside his cell with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey . Clip also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on window ledge . Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run-up to Christmas in December last year .
Men aged 65 and over ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma . In 1975 just 7.9 per 100,000 were diagnosed - a seven-fold increase . Getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person’s risk of developing the disease .
Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum . The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system .
Time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively . Two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins its descent of the mountain, passing close to a number of skiers . The train begins travelling even faster as the banks of snow rise up higher alongside it .
The monkey approaches a woman, who holds a banana, with its outstretched hands . The monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin, which he leaves with the lady . When the lady leans forward, the monkey appears to sniff its food while diverting its eyes .
Former England bowler Steve Harmison is doing a fine job with Ashington AFC . The 36-year-old has won seven games on the spin with the Northern League Division One side . Recent victories against West Allotment Celtic, Penrith and Celtic Nation were particularly impressive .
Manchester United defeated Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of Champions League return . One season out of the Champions League was far from ideal in November . United have taken just 13 points from their opening 10 matches .
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week . The 37-year-old finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 and has called a penalty shot on himself at the sixth after his ball moved a fraction when he addressed it with his putter . There’s still no word on whether Tiger Woods will play the Masters .
Harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the Masters . The Irishman won the Houston Open last year after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger . Harrington had fallen out of the top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic in Florida .
Chris Martin gave Derby the lead in the 51st minute with a superb finish . Darren Bent equalised for the Rams with an 81st-minute strike . Steve McClaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game .
Matt Derbyshire put the hosts ahead after eight minutes with a superb finish . Ben Pringle and Kazenga LuaLua scored for Brighton in the first half . Rotherham now just two points behind the Blackpool Championship leaders .
QPR confirm Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with knee ligament injury . The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against West Brom . Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year . Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are now closing in on a first team return .
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday . The Spaniard has expressed his desire to stay at Old Trafford for 'years to come' The 25-year-old has started the last eight matches and is 'happy' to be at United .
Wolves move into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive win . Substitute David Edwards headed home two minutes from end of an unpredictable and thrilling game . Benik Afobe opened the scoring for Wolves in the 88th minute . Kenny Jackett's side prevailed 2-1 at Nottingham Forest on Friday .
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday . Brendan Rodgers' side face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday . But the manager has denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on Sunday was to quell dissent among his players .
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park . The defending champions were only three points behind Chelsea . Ruben Loftus-Cheek played for Chelsea Under 21s having already starred in the Champions League this term .
MLS side Orlando City are the latest club to have expressed interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez . Hernandez has had a tough time on loan at Real Madrid this season . Southampton, Stoke, West Ham and Everton are all interested in signing Hernandez for around £8million . Man United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira .
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty after Arsenal's Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . But the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor . Mariano Pavone was the handball offender and Valencia was allowed to return to the field while Velez were left fuming .
Charlie Daniels opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the 18th minute . Yann Kermorgant added a penalty to make it 3-2 to the Championship side . Watford temporarily moved top with a victory against Middlesbrough .
Norwich maintain automatic promotion hopes with 2-0 win over Sheffield Wednesday . Bradley Johnson nets his 12th and 13th goals of the season to settle scrappy encounter . Norwich should now fancy their chances of going on to complete a swift return to the top flight .
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu on Tuesday . Goalkeeper Iker Casillas comforted a young fan hit by a wayward shot . The young fan was handed his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time break .
Former AFL star Ben Cousins smiled as he left Fremantle Magistrates Court . The magistrate branded him 'a risk to the public' and warned him that he now faces a jail term for the 'serious' offences he has committed . He handed himself in to police after failing to turn up to court over traffic charges . His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .
Manchester City laid on six coaches to transport 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park . Despite more than 30 games scheduled for the long weekend, rail lines are set to be closed for repair works . Many grounds will not reach full capacity over Easter as rail closures disrupt travel plans .
Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley took on Oldham Athletic in League One on Monday . Young's younger sibling plays for the club as a winger or striker . United are third in the Premier League on 62 points and their next game is Sunday against Manchester City .
Jordan Henderson is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract . The midfielder has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week . Henderson is expected to be appointed Anfield captain once Steven Gerrard leaves for LA Galaxy at the end of the season .
Malky Mackay has been sacked as Wigan manager after just five months . The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman David Sharpe after the Latics lost 2-0 at home against Derby County . Mackay is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment Iain Moody .
Nakhi Wells opened the scoring for Ipswich in the 36th minute . Luke Varney equalised for Huddersfield just before half-time . Nakhi wells doubled the lead for the home side before Vaughan equalised . Hudder's manager Mick McCarthy was 'distraught' at half time .
Arsenal boss admits he didn't expect Francis Coquelin and Hector Bellerin to play such key roles in Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title . Bellerin scored his second goal against Liverpool on Saturday . The Spaniard helped keep Raheem Sterling under control when Daniel Sturridge came off the bench .
Aitor Karanka would surely have made his side walk home from Watford . Dimi Konstantopoulos opened the scoring on 65 minutes with a superb strike . Troy Deeney scored his 20th goal of the season to give Boro the lead . The Championship lead has now changed hands 16 times .
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday afternoon . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals including an eight-minute first-half hat-trick . Real bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win on Easter Sunday .
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash out again this summer to keep pace with their rivals . City were hampered by the Financial Fair Play regulations last summer . Chilean says City must sign a 'crack' player such as Sergio Aguero .
Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules . They said that nobody else should be allowed in the cockpit during the flight . Turan was celebrating after the team's 2-1 international victory against Luxembourg .
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo . French centre-back had opened the scoring in the El Clasico in similar fashion . Gerard Pique had made an incredible game-saving tackle on Charles to prevent him from opening the scoring .
Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon . Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals, including an eight-minute hat-trick . That treble equalled Lionel Messi's record in the competition . Real have suffered the most at the hands of the Portuguese superstar .
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . Liverpool manager knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign . Successive defeats against direct rivals Manchester United and Arsenal have seen him write off his top-four hopes .
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets on Monday for the first time since re-signing for Surrey last month . 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval - tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today' Ultimately, Surrey will step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 .
Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in Mexican league match . Arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela in the defeat . 34-year-old spent 10 years playing in Europe, spending five seasons each in Europe .
Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal saw Barcelona go top of La Liga . Dani Alves, Adriano and Adriano all started for Barcelona . Catalonian side return home with all three points after beating Celta Vigo .
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho is well known for his charity work away from the football field . The Reds lost 4-1 to Arsenal on Saturday in the Premier League . Sakho tweeted a picture of him with club captain Steven Gerrard . 'We are coming!' he wrote, tagging his charity in the post .
Ander Herrera has caught the eye in recent weeks after cementing a spot in Manchester United's starting line-up . The 25-year-old scored against Aston Villa without actually looking at Brad Guzan's goal as his eyes appeared to be closed . Herrera's only Manchester United goal scored with his eyes wide .
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Paris St Germain after half an hour . Zlatan Ibrahimovic equalised for the visitors just two minutes later with a superb free-kick from Marquinhos . The Frenchman made it 2-1 before half-time after a mistake from Marco Veratti . Jeremy Morel made it two minutes for a second yellow card after Ayew was fouled .
Video shows militants using sledgehammers, jackhammers and saws to blow up ruins of Assyrian city of Nimrud, near Mosul, Iraq . Seven-minute video, purportedly showing ISIS attack, shows group destroying relics dating back to 13th century B.C . Follows attacks on cultural heritage sites carried out by Islamic State, which now holds third of Iraq and neighboring Syria in self-declared caliphate . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declares attack on historic site
Nik Wallenda, 36, will attempt the 'amazing' stunt on April 29 . The daredevil will walk untethered on top of the 400-foot observation wheel as it turns . No distance for the performance has been set yet, but he said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go full circle .
The man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card . Eventually, he was kicked out but returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer . The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him before the man lit the . bouncer on fire and fled in a truck .
13-year-old allegedly swiped cash from his grandfather's bedside table . He then handed out wads to his friends at Claggett Middle School in Medina, Ohio . The group of friends then went on a shopping spree after the giveaway . $7,000 has been recovered from the collection .
Baby foxes discovered by a woman passing a car park in Pennsylvania . When she peeped inside she saw seven baby females sitting together . Five males and two females - also known as dogs - are healthy but dehydrated . They were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center . Vets say they know the cubs are red fox - among most common of species in America - because of their white tales .
Steel foundations for the new Main Stand at Anfield now taller than the existing structure . Construction work on the new Anfield Road End will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added . Anfield will be able to seat 54,000 spectators once work on Main Stand expansion is completed . The club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way ahead of Monday's game between Liverpool and Newcastle .
Camilla, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in a daring backless black dress . She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw at the Olivier Awards . Robshaw played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester . 'Pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness at the moment .
AC Milan salvage a draw against Sampdoria at the San Siro on Sunday night . Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick took a massive deflection from the audacious effort . Former Samuel Eto'o found Roberto Soriano to open the scoring with an emphatic finish from the top of the box .
If found guilty, Chancey Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail . Luna's legal team have begun questioning a jury pool of 170 Stephens County residents . Lane was shot in the back August 16, 2013, in what police said was a random killing as he ran along a road in Duncan, Oklahoma .
Matt Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic during an episode of SBS's Heat in the Kitchen in 2004 . It also isolated him from his kitchen staff who he said at the time he did not care about, but now he takes the time to praise them . Kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way on Tuesday's Insight on SBS .
A 75-year-old man was bitten by a 1.2 metre crocodile at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course in Far North Queensland . The man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the reptile 'nipped' him . Clive Palmer, who owns the course, gave the man some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid such a similar injury in future .
Gonzalo Castro scored one of the goals of the season for Sociedad . David Moyes' side had to settle for a share of spoils in San Sebastian . Verdu Nicolas capitised on some poor defending to head home .
The video was created by HLN's The Daily Share and shows price differences across various products and services aimed at men and women . The practice of 'invisible tax' is entirely legal in almost every state in the US - even when the products or services are exactly the same for both genders .
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were in 8th grade at Oregon school . They claimed boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . When they sought help from principal and police chief, they were charged . Clatskanie District ordered each girl to receive $75,000 in damages . All girls have moved to new schools after filing civil suit two years ago .
Jordan Spieth still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters . The 21-year-old American is 16 under par but finished runner-up in two . Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson will start five behind the young American .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Eric Harris was apparently accidentally shot dead by a 73-year-old reserve deputy in Tulsa, Oklahoma, last week . In the footage, released by police, deputies are chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot, in a nearby parking lot . They tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach . After firing one round into Harris, the former full-time officer drops his gun from the recoil and says in shock: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered a new contract at Chelsea next season . The Ivorian signed a 12 month deal with the Blues last summer . 37-year-old has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge . Striker insists he tried to give the best of his physical capacity against QPR . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Martin Tyler classed seven goal spectacle as his favourite game . Les Ferdinand scored Newcastle's first goal and Faustino levelled for the Magpies . Goals from Robbie Fowler and Jason McAteer secured the win for Liverpool at Anfield in April 1996 .
Inter Milan have opened discussions with Manchester City about Stevan Jovetic . The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . But City are unwilling to let Jovepian leave on a temporary basis .
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez . Mexico international has endured a frustrating season at Real Madrid, and Stoke and West Ham are now interested in him . The Bundesliga club are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress and have considered the likes of Romelu Lukaku but he would cost £30million-plus .
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal . Atletico Madrid have been linked with a move back to the Gunners . The 30-year-old Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 Barclays Premier League appearances this season .
Mario Gomez has committed his future to Fiorentina by insisting he is happy with life at the Nou Camp . German ace has been linked with a summer move to Barcelona . But the 29-year-old insists he would reject the chance of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar .
Pedro has admitted he is finding his bit-part role difficult this season . The 27-year-old has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this term . Spain international has been linked with a move away this summer .
Celtic are trying to persuade Jason Denayer and Manchester City to extend his loan deal next season . But Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets . Celtic boss Ronny Deila will ask Manchester City if he can keep Denaxeyer . The centre-back made his full international debut against Israel on Tuesday .
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres . But fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for his team . He was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .
New chief executive of Rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 . He left in December after council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period . Rest of the cabinet resigned in February, after Government report said council was 'not fit for purpose'
Brett Anthony O'Connor has been free on bail since March . He has been charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney . His lawyer, Phillip Mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the court . Magistrate Michael Dakin refused the request after an ABC spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations .
The bearded dragon responds to her owner Shannen Hussein when asked if she wants something to eat . The little reptile sits back looking very satisfied after her meal . She 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do 'anything for one' of them .
Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea, but he admits winning the championship is unlikely . Arsenal haven't won the league since 2004 and their first eight-game winning run since then has propelled the Gunners to second .
Miranda has one year left on his contract with Atletico Madrid . The 31-year-old has been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City . Miranda has rejected talks over a move to London as well as Manchester United .
Stewards threw out group who were attempting to mock Munich Air Disaster . Group were said to be making plane wings in sick reference to the Munich tragedy . 23 people perished after plane carrying Matt Busby's young side crashed during take-off .
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has not lost any sleep over recent errors . The 22-year-old has been exceptional in Chelsea's win over QPR on Sunday . Belgian has also been criticised for not keeping out Charlie Adam's goal .
Zarina Diyas, the 11th seed from Kazakhstan, won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 . Heather Watson, seeded 16th, lost her serve seven times in a hard-fought match lasting more than two and a half hours . Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel progressed in straight sets .
Novak Djokovic defeated Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final . The 27-year-old Scot has lost his last seven matches to the Serb . Murray has had a good enough week to walk down the aisle with Kim Sears .
Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . The Briton is bidding to win his fourth title in a row . Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season .
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start Friday night's Guinness PRO12 match with Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun . Both players are to retire at the end of May and have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club .
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night . Curry four shy of his 272 three-pointers in a season, scoring 45 . He hit six before halftime and eight overall, teaming with Klay Thompson . LaMarcus Aldridge had 27 points and six rebounds, Damian Lillard added 20 points and eight assists for the Blazer's . Chicago Bulls easily wiped out a 19-point deficit to deal with Miami's playoff hopes .
The defending champion Spurs moved onto the tail of Houston and also Memphis which drew level with the Rockets . Memphis pulled even with Houston by routing New Orleans 110-74 . The Memphis Grizzlies won 114-111 at the Nets, with Al Horford making the go-ahead basket on a dunk with 19 seconds remaining . Cleveland Cavaliers secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee Bucks by a narrow win .
Reanne Evans begins her bid to make history at the World Championships . The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the Crucible should she win three qualifiers . She faces 1997 world champion Ken Doherty in her first qualifier .
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could . Players are able to vote for titles such as 'Man of the Year' James seems to think his influence with the Cavs deserves recognition . Cleveland Cavaliers have secured the Central Division title and No 2 seed in the Eastern Conference .
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and model Rachel Hunter . The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week . Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett and is replaced in the squad by Belfast Giants .
Hull defender David Meyler sent off for hefty challenge on Saturday . Scans reveal ligament damage and Naughton writhes in pain . Right-back will miss the rest of the season and faces six-week layoff . Angel Rangel will return to Swansea side to face Everton .
Celtic signed Dundee United midfielder Stuart Armstrong in January . The 23-year-old is part of a Celtic side rapidly closing in on the Scottish Premiership title . Armstrong admits a Parkhead title party would also help make up for the hurt he suffered 12 months ago .
Billy McNeill will be erecting a statue on the recently opened Celtic Way . The statue will represent a man who is synonymous with the club . McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967 .
John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool . The Newcastle boss says 'there's something not right within their make-up' He says close-season recruitment will focus on mental attributes as much as physical . Newcastle have won just twice in 2015 after losing fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby .
Newcastle boss John Carver says his players have a point to prove against Liverpool on Monday night . Magpies had previously seemed unlikely to be sucked into relegation battle . Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .
Geoffrey Kondogbia has represented France three times this season . The France international has impressed scouts in Europe and Ligue 1 . Liverpool are keen on bringing Danny Ings to Anfield from Burnley . James Milner's Manchester City contract expires in the summer .
Real Sociedad are still hopeful of signing Danny Ings when his contract expires in the summer . Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest in the England Under 21 international but are yet to sign him up . The 23-year-old has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others but the club have remained constant from the start .
Gareth Bale unleashed a half-volley in Real Madrid training on Wednesday . The Welsh winger returned to the training ground on the back of a vital double against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying's group B . Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country as well as his 20th for the season . His first came from a curling free-kick over the wall before his second was a strong finish .
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in the Champions League final . Fernando Torres praised coach Diego Simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses . 'It is his character as a player ... that drives the team,' Torre told UEFA.com . Real lost 4-0 against Atleti in February's league meeting .
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances . The Argentine striker opened the scoring after just eight minutes at Old Trafford . City were beaten 2-1 by Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday .
Lazio hammer Empoli 4-0 at Stadio Olimpico with Miroslav Klose scoring . Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson also on target for Coppa Italia finalists . Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place in Champions League . Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese .
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations . The 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai and no closer to being declared symptom-free . Brown was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier .
Leeds beat Salford 21-12 at the Willows in 1993 and wait for 28-18 loss . The depleted side turned in a battling show, trailing 16-12 at half-time . Sama Tasi scored another brace with the Red Devils another touchdown . Jamie Peacock had not scored a try for almost 12 months but went over twice .
Wakefield lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves in the First Utility Super League . Gene Ormsby claimed two tries along with Toby King and Ben Currie . The other tries came from Daryl Clark, Ashton Sims and Ben Westwood .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby . Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Mata and Chris Smalling scored for the Red Devils . Sergio Aguero scored his 100th City goal in the game .
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the Masters at Augusta National . Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era, those were Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Ben Hogan, Gary Player and Gene Sarazen . The 25-year-old was caddied by One Direction superstar Niall Horan on Wednesday and shot one under par .
Diego Costa has identified Chelsea's crunch clash against Arsenal . Spain international limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury . Costa likely to be fit to face Gunners if title race is sewn up by then . Striker had been subbed off against Hull before international break .
Camilo Villegas won the Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on a play-off . His caddie Ethan Couch, 11, has a benign brain tumour . Woods played in the traditional par-three contest for the first time in 11 years .
Tiger Woods was spotted embracing Darren Clarke on the practice ground . The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his wedge game . Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years .
Masters began on Wednesday when Australian Marc Leishman had to withdraw . His wife Audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to an infection . Billy Payne has ruled out any idea of starting a women's Masters . Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour .
If Manuel Pellegrini leaves the Barclays Premier League at the end of this season then he will have left little behind . The identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem . There are issues with Pellegrigri, some players think he is too nice . Some players feel they are too old, too foreign and too old . James Milner is one of very few Englishmen in a first team squad that is too old and .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Monday night . Eliaquim Mangala has endured a miserable first season at the club . Glenn Murray and Yaya Toure both struggled to find a way past the defence .
Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal for £15m last summer . Former Barnsley defender John Stones was the surprise name on the Catalans' shopping list of central defenders . Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season . Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019 .
Ross Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park . Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season gave the centre-back his best tally in eight years at the club . Everton beat Southampton 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday .
Roberto Martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach . Everton boss has always stuck to his principles when at Wigan . Martinez switched to 4-1-4-1 formation in Saturday's win over Southampton .
Romelu Lukaku signed a five-year deal at Goodison Park from Chelsea last summer . Roberto Martinez's side are currently third in the Premier League table . Belgian striker has been linked with a move to Manchester City, Man City and Bayern Munich .
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season . Eden Hazard is odds-on favourite to be named PFA Players' Player of the Year . Luis Suarez is in Spain and we're almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come May .
Tottenham will play Under 21 European Championship friendly in Malaysia . The match will take place in Kuala Lumpur and Sydney FC next Saturday . Harry Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for two exhibition games . Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about the striker's burnout .
Willian believes his team-mates must continue in the same way if they are to stay at the top of the Premier League . Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday thanks to goals from Eden Hazard and Loic Remy . The Brazilian played a part in Remy's winner against Stoke .
Cesc Fabregas injured his nose during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke . Former Barcelona midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Stoke's Charlie Adam . Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with a win .
Bafetimbi Gomis tops the EA Sports Performance Indez after scoring twice against Hull on Saturday . The Swansea striker has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games . QPR's Charlie Austin is the runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in Saturday's 4-1 win at West Brom . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera is in the top four, scoring twice and recording a total pass completion rate of 95 .
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Louis van Gaal's side leap above City for the first time since November 23 2013 . The win was inspired by two goals from Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney's magnificent strike . Van Gaal believes City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth .
Manchester United duo Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria sat in Portugal . Defender Rojo made headlines as he had an affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson . She claims Rojo offered money to spend the night with him but declined . Watson was determined to clear her name following blackmail allegations .
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday . Ander Herrera gave the Red Devils the lead on 43 minutes with a right-footed strike . Marouane Fellaini completed the rout with his sixth goal in eight games since being moved back up front . Louis van Gaal's side have accumulated more points on their own territory, 40, than anyone else .
Liverpool play Manchester United in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Blackburn on Wednesday . Reds are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games to play . Defeat at the Emirates means fifth-placed Liverpool trail fourth spot by seven points with 7 games left in Premier League .
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Alan Pardew left his role at Newcastle at the end of December . Toon supporters still fear relegation after 1-0 defeat to Sunderland .
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday . Brendan Rodgers is set to recall £20million defender Dejan Lovren . Reds lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday . Emre Can and Martin Skrtel were both suspended for the clash .
Michael Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether Raheem Sterling is more talented than Mesut Ozil . Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool . BT Sport pundit Owen believes Ozil is a better player than the wantaway forward .
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday . Bayern captain missed opening four months of the season with a knee injury . Captain Tom Starke ruled out for four weeks after suffering an ankle ligament tear in training on Monday .
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday in the German Cup . Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer made a spectacular save in stoppage time . Bayern are without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben as well as David Alaba .
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner as Bayern Munich romped to a narrow victory at the Signal Iduna Park . Poland international spent four years at Borussia Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period . Bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by Borussia Monchengladbach before the international break but got their title charge back on track .
Former Celtic striker Hooper scored stoppage-time winner against Bolton . Norwich remain second in Championship after four games without a win . Hoopers had been a transfer target for Neil Lennon earlier in the season .
Alex Pritchard put his side ahead in stoppage time to draw 1-1 with Brentford . Darren Bent grabbed his 10th goal for the Rams, with Tom Ince also on the scoresheet . Derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their hopes alive .
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday . Jason Pearce's 69th-minute goal earned the Latics a point . Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' The 32-year-old replaced Malky Mackay on Wednesday .
Watford are just one point off the top with five games to play for . Troy Deeney won the Championship Player of the Month award for March . Birmingham-born striker has scored 64 league goals in 123 league games .
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with Saido Berahino . England Under 21 striker is likely to be away with The Hawthorns until late June . West Brom were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January . The 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football .
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to selling the club for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by July . Tony Pulis is adamant Peace will only sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily . Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia .
Nigel Pearson insists Leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight . The Foxes travel to West Brom on Saturday bottom of the Premier League . A 2-1 win over West Ham last weekend gave them a run of just two points from a possible 24 .
Neymar has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season . Only Ivan Rakitic and Andres Iniesta have been substituted more . attention is focused on the Madrid derby next week . Lazio moved above Roma into second place in Serie A with a win over Empoli .
Arsenal's Santi Cazorla and Villarreal's Mateo Musacchio have offered support following his gruesome leg injury . The Argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday . No recovery time has been set by the club . Musacacchia is expected to be sidelined for at least six months .
Manchester City may look to buy English players like Raheem Sterling . Pellegrini's assertions may mean City will look to invest heavily in talent . Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English club.
Tracey Neville was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in August . The 38-year-old has performed impressively as the boss at Manchester Thunder . How England perform will impact on funding with up to £4million at stake . She revived an ageing Thunder team with an injection of youth .
Manchester United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored . Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of City at the top of the table . Neville was impressed with his former side's performance as a whole .
Gers suffered first defeat of Stuart McCall's six-game reign at Queen of the South . Rangers had recently secured victories over Scottish Championship rivals Hearts and Hibernian . But striker Miller fears Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form could be derailed .
England picked up their first title on the Sevens World Series this season after beating competition leaders South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo tournament . The English bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to Fiji on Saturday to win a first title since the Wellington Sevens in Feb. 2013 . South Africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot to move onto 129 .
Jake Drage was jailed after a motorcycle crash that killed a woman . The 23-year-old surfer was taken into custody in June last year . Drage said his time in prison was 'like a yo Yo, all up and downs' He said his release had not sunk in yet .
Manchester United and England captain Wayne Rooney visits Wing's Chinese restaurant with his wife Coleen . Radamel Falcao dined at the restaurant on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco . The Class of '92 has been 'recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years'
Real Sociedad have conceded just 29 times since David Moyes took over at Manchester United . Mikel Gonzalez opened the scoring after just 10 minutes, but Antoine Griezmann failed to net . Ruben Pardo was sent off for a foul on Geronimo Rulli after he had parried Koke's shot . Xabi Zadldua was given a straight red card for grabbing a goal back from a corner .
Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 288th game . The 30-year-old becomes only the third player to achieve the feat . Ronaldo has scored 161 goals in the Santiago Bernabeu this season . Sevilla are his favourite opponents, with Ronaldo netting 18 times .
Tennis champion Novak Djokovic started shouting at his support team . He lost the second set of the Miami Open to Andy Murray in the semi-final . The ball boy was startled and caught up in the crossfire during the tirade . But after his victory, Djingovic posted a message on his Facebook page .
Arsenal have won seven on the spin in the Premier League this season . The Gunners finished second, but never entered the race for the top-flight crown . This year is a reverse of previous seasons which has cost them again . More recently we have built up Arsene Wenger’s side as title challengers .
The 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer . Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga . Aniston says exercise, plus meditation, is her 'ultimate stress reliever'
Incident occurred at Nottingham train station's car park on March 14 . Man tried to remove exit barrier while showing off his weightlifting moves . Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public .
Every one of Africa's 54 member countries will vote for Sepp Blatter in next month's FIFA presidential election, the continent's soccer boss said . Issa Hayatou, president of CAF of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo . African football's president is a former FIFA vice-president and two European officials are standing against Blatter .
Gary Mabbutt's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in his left leg . Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated . Surgeons were required to replace the main artery with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound . As he is unable to train with players on the pitch, he has been forced to turn down roles in coaching .
Gary Barlow stunned Danielle Jones by dropping in at her wedding reception . The Take That superfan stopped by the couple's reception and sang 'A Million Love Songs' Maid of honour Ms Miles said: 'I'm still on cloud nine, I can't believe it happened' The pair had contacted the singer over Twitter three months ago . Barlow then sent the bride a tweet saying he could not make her special day .
Kim Sears has perfected her pristine style over the years . She can sell items immediately after she's worn them . This stunning fit-and-flare skater dress from Matthew Williamson is no exception .
Deanna Robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck . She said deputies and state workers were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight . March 4 video shows a group of people in the kitchen of her parents' home . Robinson is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible, but is near the kitchen counter . But one of the officers appears to hit her with his fist and his arm raises again .
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during practice at the Augusta National Golf Club in Georgia on Tuesday . The former world No 1 recently dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time since September 1996 .
Amanda Peake Glover died Saturday after running the Palmetto Half Marathon . The South Carolina mother-of-four was a fitness lover and co-owner of an Elgin fitness center .
Toddler Cara Lee-Fanus suffered horrific injuries just before her second birthday . She was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, but died from head injury . Doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on head . Kirsty Lee, 25, and Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today . Pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing death of a child .
Richie Benaud laid to rest at a small private funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs on Wednesday . The cricketing legend was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people . Even immediate family members said they didn't know the location of the 84-year-old . Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral for the cricketer .
Hillary Clinton's 'Everyday Americans' video given 18 rating by Russian network . It features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson holding hands . Milrad's voice is heard saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about' Ikea pulled IKEA Family Live from its online magazine in March .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown . Sportsmail rates the players in the second leg at the Vicente Calderon . Diego Godin 7 - A rare slip early on let Gareth Bale in but the Welshman failed to impress .
Atletico Madrid finished goalless in the Champions League quarter-finals . Goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay . Slovenian stopper denies Gareth Bale an early goal at Vicente Calderon . Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance next week .
Huddersfield ended a run of three successive defeats with a goalless draw at Brighton . Demarai Gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point in City's 2-2 draw against Blackburn Rovers . Blackburn captain Matt Kilgallon had put Rovers ahead after just eight minutes with his first goal in over a year . Birmingham are unbeaten in eight league and cup matches on the road .
Kieran Lee opened the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday with the only goal . Owls striker could not wrap his foot around the box after whipped cross . Wednesday had a chance to strike back five minutes later but Alan Judge was dejected .
The former Boston star scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the Pilgrims on course for a place in the Conference North play-offs . Hall's on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was also in the crowd to watch the game .
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted against Sevilla on Saturday . The Brazil forward was clearly furious after being replaced by Xavi with around 20 minutes left . Spanish media speculated that he might be dropped for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, first leg at Paris St Germain .
Newcastle's Rolando Aarons may not play again this season . Midfielder was in contention to play for Under-21s against Derby . Newcastle boss John Carver has seen his side defeated in five Premier League games . Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool .
44-year-old slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday . She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . It took two hours for police, paramedics and a Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman .
Comedian Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider crosses his face . Three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal . The 38-year-old comedian described it as a self-imposed 'bushtucker trial'
Dane Bouris, 33, appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty . He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa . In 2013, he was fined $7,500 after his staffordshire terrier attacked another canine while walking in Byron Bay .
UK survey asked 2,005 adults what common events make them feel stressed . Not being able to sleep, losing keys, and being stuck in traffic named top three . Sleepless night was the top occurrence, with almost half of Brits citing that this causes anxiety .
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row . The General Dental Council has investigated the work of Janakan Siva at the Menlove Dental Practice in Allerton, Liverpool .
1,500 couples in Britain have had babies using EmbryoScope technology . Cell division of baby Pixie shows the moment embryos form during IVF . The technology also allows experts to select the best embryos based on how they form during the conception process . This narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying after IVF, says specialist .
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 . The 18-year-old played an integral part in Chelsea's 4-0 demolition of Roma . Brown was the star of the show as the Blues took another step towards the Premier League title .
Clarence Habersham, 37, was the second police officer to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, after shooter Michael Slager . He is thought to have falsified a report about the circumstances that led to Scott's death . The North Chareston is now calling for the 37-year-old officer to be arrested . Slager has been charged with murder and has not been seen since .
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday's video . The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year . Johnson supported Clinton in 2008 while Milrad worked for Obama in New Hampshire .
LeBron James, 30, praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership', 'courage' and 'strength' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) James, who had never actually met Lauren, wrote: 'You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten'
Cleveland fire officials say falling bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk . No one was injured during the accident but a minivan below the building was destroyed . The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported .
Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Raheem Sterling won't be sold this summer . But that sort of promise isn't always kept - and Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations . Liverpool striker has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week and could look to force a move away from Anfield . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola is believed to be keen on Sterling .
Kevin Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Tottenham . Spurs boss Marcel Koller says Wimmer would relish the challenge of English football . Austrian international defender is wanted by Spurs in a £4.4million deal .
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure is a target for Inter Milan, says Marco Fassone . Serie A side are prepared to submit an offer of £43million for the Ivory Coast international, according to Gazzetta dello Sport . Inter are also working on new deals for Argentina forward Mauro Icardi and Croatia's Mateo Kovacic .
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante . Marseille are in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old . Kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for Caen this season .
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool . Former Manchester United midfielder says Sterling is a good player . Scholes says Sterling should concentrate on playing every week . Sterling says he wants to win trophies in his career .
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season . Chelsea and Manchester City are both interested in the 19-year-old . Serbian defender Gaya has played 27 league games for Valencia this season, having played just 11 league matches . He is a Spain Under 21 international, though he was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering hamstring injury .
Pop singer has submitted new plans for two-storey basement extension . Wants to knock down walls to create bigger rooms and doorways . 46-room mansion was previously owned by late film director Michael Winner . Williams responded by withdrawing blueprints but has now returned with new plans .
Erica Leeder, 26, was arrested at Rockingham Police Station on March 25 . She reportedly squirted her breast milk during a strip search . The mother of three is said to have covered the female officer's face, arms and uniform in milk while she was 'hit with milk' The 26-year-old will reappear in court in May and will seek a mental health assessment .
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex . Dog attacked her in Findon Road, Whitehawk, at around 6.30pm on Thursday . Youngster was taken to Royal Alexandra Children's Hospital to undergo treatment .
Miracle Godson, 13, was reported missing on Friday afternoon . He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan . Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found . The teenager's team paid their respects on Facebook after rugby league clubs marked his death with a minute's silence ahead of games this weekend .
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year . Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang . The 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for Santos, where his father thrived in the 1960s .
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach with immediate effect . The former European champions are anchored in last place with six matches left . Former player has also coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart . He takes over from interim coach Peter Knaebel .
Hibernian stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell . Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash profits levied from play-off finalists from 50% to 25% . The issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday .
Newcastle slipped to a fifth successive Premier League defeat at Liverpool . The result did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble . Newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points .
Newcastle's Siem de Jong could return to action at the end of the season . The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February . Midfielder has started just one Premier League game since joining from Ajax .
Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Masters leader Jordan Spieth . Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 (BST) Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in final day's most high-profile grouping .
Aljaz Bedene cannot currently represent his new nation in the Davis Cup . Slovenia-born player's move has been met by criticism from Greg Rusedski . Great Britain's No 2 Andy Murray has already backed the World 99 . The 26-year-old could make his debut at the AEGON Manchester Trophy .
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami Open final to Andy Murray . The world No 1 snatched a towel from the ball boy during the rant . He said it 'didn't look good' as he sat down between the change of ends .
Lewis Hamilton four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to take pole for the Malaysian Grand Prix . The Briton is one second quickest ahead of Vettel's third-fastest Ferrari . Ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to Hamilton's supremacy .
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Shanghai International Circuit . The Briton finished just 0.042secs ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg . Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second . All 10 drivers are out for final runs and they’re all on fresh tyres .
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull . The Australian driver was third quickest in practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton was second best, with Kimi Raikkonen third . Red Bull trailed 'sister' team Toro Rosso at the last race in Malaysia .
AP McCoy will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday . He struck on day one in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle with Jezki . The last time he won the Melling Chase he followed up the next day .
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies . The 33-year-old was dropped on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009 . Bell said: 'I did a lot of hard yards to get back in'
Jimmy Anderson was given a special silver cap after 100 Test matches . Both teams paid their respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play . Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Andy Roberts were knighted in Antigua .
Jonathan Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013 . But his much-anticipated return, this time as captain Alastair Cook, was over . Trott had been preferred to Yorkshire's Adam Lyth, still to make his England debut .
Manchester United legends filmed lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo' Clip features own players and coaches alongside England women's footballers and soap stars . Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey Neville .
Jonathan Brownlee won the ITU World Series on Saturday . The 24-year-old crossed the line 19 seconds clear of the chasing field . Gwen Jorgensen racked up an eighth series victory in a row .
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season . Belgian attacker was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries . Lennon arrived at Goodison Park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager; it would cost £6million to make his signing permanent when the window re-opens .
Costel Pantilimon only won his place in the side on the back of a teammate shipping an embarrassing eight, so when he conceded four goals inside 45 minutes he feared the worst . The former Manchester City goalkeeper was booed from the field at half-time before thousands of fans streamed for the exits . Within 48 hours Gus Poyet had been sacked and Dick Advocaat was being installed .
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday . Leigh Griffiths and Edward Ofere scored in the second half . Celtic are currently second in the Scottish Premiership table .
Celtic drew 0-0 with Inverness Caley in the Scottish Cup semi-final . Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead in the match . The result leaves Celtic just one point behind the Scottish champions .
Dundee United midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice . The 23-year-old has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales . Celtic have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer .
Rangers bounced back from a 4-0 defeat against Queen of the South . Nicky Law, Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic all on target for Livingston . Rangers take on Hibernian in the Championship on Wednesday night .
Nicky Clark puts Rangers 1-0 up against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Haris Vuckic doubles the lead in the 27th minute to give Hibernian the lead . Rangers remain second in the Championship table, level on 61 points . Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager against Queens .
Moussa Sissoko caught Liverpool midfielder Lucas on the ankle . Newcastle were beaten 2-0 at Anfield by Liverpool on Sunday night . The 25-year-old was sent off for two bookable offences against the Red Devils . John Carver has labelled his captain's actions as 'indefensible' Newcastle are currently fifth in the Premier League table .
Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the Premier League having fought through a tough and long season at Anfield . Henderson and Liverpool both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night . Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen capitalised on a defensive mistake to make it 2-0 with 20 minutes to go .
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has 91.7 per cent win ratio . He has kept six clean sheets in 12 games since displacing Wojciech Szczesny . Gerard Pique and Arjen Robben make up the top three . Asier del Horno makes up the list with 80 per cent success rate .
Sandro has defended former manager Harry Redknapp, saying he is not at fault for QPR's predicament . Redkkapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’ and accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him before he left in February citing knee problems . Some players blame QPR’s recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground .
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to lift the UEFA Youth League trophy . Blues are defending Under 21 Premier League champions and holders . They will face Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons . But will they be absorbed into Jose Mourinho's forward line?
Chelsea will play Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the UEFA Youth League . Adi Viveash's side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on Friday . The result continued their free-scoring form in the competition . Click here to watch the action from the Stade Colovray stadium .
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . Alastair Cook was persuaded to sack him as one-day captain . Peter Moores reappointment last year has been mitigated by last summer’s Test series win against India . Kevin Pietersen could be on the brink of a return if he scores runs for Surrey .
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the new post . Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday . ECB chief executive Tom Harrison is keen to a new role focused solely on performances, rather than administration duties . Ashes 2005 winning skipper is among the early frontrunners, but the former Yorkshire batsman would need to know more about the role before committing .
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board in February . Kevin Pietersen and head coach Andy Flower are sacked after the Ashes whitewash . Downtone made huge decisions in his first 14 months as England’s managing director .
Ireland classics king Sean Kelly believes Team Sky should break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments . Sir Bradley Wiggins will sign off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12 . Team Sky's focus on the Grand Tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics, while usually chaotic nature is anathema .
Jordan Spieth holds a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago as he looked to surpass Tiger Woods as the youngest ever Masters champion . The 21-year-old believes he is better equipped to win the Masters after coming close to creating history last year .
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose are all playing at Augusta National Golf Club . The biggest names in the game will take to the pitch when they tee off on Thursday . Rose and Faldo are the two past Masters champions .
McIlroy will tee off at 3.41pm BST to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam . The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday . Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker .
Golfer Rory McIlroy is facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90F . The tournament begins in Georgia on Thursday April 9 and is expected to be hotter and more rainy . Forecasts have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days .
Brooklyn Nets beat Portland Trail Blazers on Monday night . Brook Lopez dominated Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds . The Nets closed in on a play-off spot by winning for the ninth time in 11 games . Damian Lillard scored 36 points for the team, which had won two in a row .
Dikembe Mutombo was an eight-times NBA All-Star and a shot-blocking Congolese centre whose legendary finger-wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game . He played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009 and recorded 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons . The Class of 2015 will be enshrined at the Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachusetts on September 11 .
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday . Kawhi Leonard scored a career-high 26 points in the victory . San Antonio extended their home winning streak to 32 straight .
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each to help the Hawks match a franchise record with their 57th victory of the season . Paul Millsap picked up a shoulder injury in a collision with Brooklyn's Earl Clark with 1:52 left in the first half . The Hawks ended the Nets' season-best six-game winning streak with 19 points and five assists .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Chelsea at the Etihad on Monday night . They are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea . Gary Neville insists City have a 'mentality problem' and that they can't 'discontinue success'
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon . Cesc Fabregas scored the game's first shot on target in the 88th minute . The win moved Jose Mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the table . Didier Drogba said: 'We always play until the end'
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season . The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year . Lotus are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings .
Fernando Torres has hailed manager Diego Simeone as the reason behind Atletico Madrid's recent success . The La Liga champions have not lost to Real Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final . Atleti have exceeded expectations by competing with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Co . Torrs is one of five players in attendance, including Jesus Gamezmann .
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night . Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their local rivals in six attempts this season . But Marcelo says they are not thinking about their recent form . 'There are no favourites in a match like this. Now is completely different. We have two games to show that we can beat them,' says Marcelo .
Former Real Madrid defender claims to find coaching 'easy' Former defender has worked with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor . Carlos won the 2002 World Cup as a player with the La Liga giants .
Southern All-Stars clashed between the Premier League's best players from the North and South . Tottenham striker Harry Kane scored a brace in the Southern XI's second-half with a well-taken finish after less than a minute . The Southerners fell behind to a stunning finish from Sergio Aguero, who was supported up front by Wayne Rooney .
Barcelona players put through their paces ahead of quarter-final clash with French giants PSG on Wednesday . Barcelona have already encountered PSG twice during this year's Champions League campaign . The Catalans triumphed 3-1 on home soil at the Nou Camp, but were defeated 3-2 in their last trip to the French capital . Defender Adriano was quick to heap praise on fellow Brazilian players - all of them are excellent players .
Thiago Silva is gearing up to face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final . The PSG defender says Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar are the best three players in the world when they meet . Silva says the home leg at home will be 'very important' and PSG will try to 'suprise them'
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Tuesday . Carlo Ancelotti's side are yet to win a game in six Madrid derbies this season and are unbeaten in six this term . In six of the six matches Real have played between them (Atletico won the league and the Copa del Rey) but Real have won four and drawn two in the competition .
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz . Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut their ties . Chelsea are looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem .
Brazilians and Argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football . PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday before facing La Liga giants . Lucas Moura has been 'obsessed' with Lionel Messi's way of playing .
PSG beat 10-man Bastia 4-0 in the Stade de France on Saturday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off . Edinson Cavani doubled the lead just before halftime with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack .
Medhi Benatia was taken off in the first half of Bayern's victory over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday . The 27-year-old said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between two and four weeks . Bayern travel to Porto next week before the return leg .
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber, Cornel Borbely, this week to seek clarity on the status of the report . FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed . No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches .
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month but reported the approach to the country's cricket board . The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's (BCCI) Anti-Corruption and Security Unit .
Multiple world and Olympic gold medalist Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud . He is accused of placing bets on Montpellier match that lost to struggling team . His lawyer Michael Corbier told Sportsmail on Wednesday the trial will likely take place within months . Montpellier have already won the French handball title .
Stuart McCall admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall . Rangers' £12million training facility is a major improvement on the public pitches . But McCall knows being manager means he also has to cope with intense scrutiny levels he did not have to deal with .
Stuart McCall has sent a warning to Tunisian defender Bilel Mohsni . Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night .
Queen of the South opened the scoring in the second half after an own goal was forced by Gavin Reilly for the third . Rangers were second in the Scottish Championship, while Hibs and Hearts were among the victims . Derek Lyle pulled one back for Rangers, with Lewis Kidd scoring a consolation goal for QOTS's third in the 43rd minute .
Tim Visser signed a two-year deal with Edinburgh earlier this month . Visser is hopeful he can end his Edinburgh career at the ground he will call home next season . The Scots defeated London Irish quarter-final at the Madejski Stadium .
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU . The 33-year-old captained Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere . Kellock admitted that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad Bishopbriggs .
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods . She was finally diagnosed with a rare cancer of the soft tissue . At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated . Now she wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma . They develop in a type of muscle tissue called smooth muscle .
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app . Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video . The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs . It is available for free on iOS and Android .
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale in the FA Cup third round . Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . The League Two side remain inching ever closer to promotion . Preston are currently fourth in the Championship .
The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier all feature on the airline's new cabin music set to be played during boarding and disembarking . The airline is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new 'indie' cabin playlists .
Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci has spoken up a potential switch to Manchester United this summer . The Uruguayan striker was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend . Cavani is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in Cavani to replace Robin van Persie .
Gregory van der Wiel says he's happy at Paris Saint-Germain in the summer . The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc after he was dropped for a Champions League match against Chelsea . Van Der Wiel: 'There is absolutely no reason for me to leave. I want to sign a new contract'
Nasr Bitar spotted Google car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn . He began following in his own vehicle to get the all-important 'selfie' But then came the wait to see if he would make it onto the site . The image of the perfect selfie has been shared almost 2.9million times .
Jordon Ibe has performed the 'moonwalk' on the football pitch . The Liverpool winger has broken into the first team set-up this season . 19-year-old is out with a knee injury but is expected to return soon .
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for Champions League places . Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players' failings . Reds were held to a goalless draw by Blackburn in the FA Cup . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
England declared 379 for six declared on day two of opening two-day tour match . Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out of the match with a 76 for seven . Match was drawn, just about, and should also have been hung and quartered .
Pep Guardiola's side take on Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park . Xabi Alonso falls over while stretching for a pass during training . The midfielder takes a tumble and the ball flies off in the opposite direction . Robert Lewandowski returns to haunt Bayern after 2-0 defeat .
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Samir Nasri went out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday . The pair dined at Hakassan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant offering modern Cantonese cuisine . Man City are willing to use Nasi and Dzeko as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba from Italian side Juventus .
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday . LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign . He contributed 20 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists, and one more if he claims credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer .
Kevin Davies suffered a chainsaw injury during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay 3-1 defeat to Manchester United on February 16 . The 38-year-old was an unused substitute for Preston at Valley Parade . Davies has played just once in all competitions for Preston so far this season .
Ander Herrera joined Manchester United for £29million from Athletic Bilbao in 2011-12 . Midfielder says he bares his full name on the back of shirt for supersitution . 25-year-old scored seven goals in all competitions this season with his double as United won 3-1 at home to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday . Herrera hopes to show more emotion as United target silverware in the future .
Danny Welbeck and several Liverpool players appear to share a mutual fondness for pop star Nicki Minaj . Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho . Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud condemned Liverpool to their second consecutive Premier League defeat .
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo enjoyed a week off in Portugal . Rojo had an affair with a fitness instructor at a friend's flat at 2am on Saturday . He asked her for a private party, but she declined and they parted . Friend of Rojo's - known in court as Mr X - made a shocking proposition .
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke City on Tuesday night . The midfielder stepped up recovery from ankle injury that has wrecked his season . He has set his sights on FA Cup semi-final with Reading and Manchester United . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Gang members living in a Sensitive Needs Housing Unit can be found inside Level IV maximum-security facilities . CDC has seen a dramatic increase in requests from inmates seeking special protection for dropping out of prison gangs since 1999 . A unit is set up to protect former members, some of the more prominent are the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gang groups Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia .
Roy Keane denies committing a public order offence in alleged incident . Former Manchester United captain is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to cabbie Fateh Kerar . He will now stand trial in June after the incident in Altrincham .
Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup fourth round replay on Wednesday . Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four in the Premier League . Reds have lost ground in the race for Champions League places and will find it hard to recover this season .
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday . The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs were found in a duffel bag on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street . A witness said Colina had also intimidated other gym users and even fought them before being thrown out . Colina is believed to have known his alleged victim; he
South Korean defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on opponent Mu Kanazaki after being jostled by the 11th-placed Kashima Antlers player . The 23-year-old only received a yellow card for the incident at the match . Japanese fans have demanded the expulsion of the defender, but the man on the floor came out as the winner .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 . The Portuguese star is now urging his fans to get into shape . Ronaldo is one of the fittest athletes in the world, and encouraged fans to join him in using excercise as a way of feeling better .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against QPR . The striker's treble was his first in two years at Villa Park . Tim Sherwood said he can fire Villa to Premier League safety .
Ruby Walsh is a two-time Grand National winner from Ireland . The jockey appears to jump over a moving silver car in the clip . Walsh is said to be preparing for Saturday's big race at Aintree .
Gary Mabbutt's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in his left leg . Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' if it had to be amputated . The former Tottenham and England star was rushed to hospital at 1am . He was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17 and will not be able to play football again .
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Stoke's Charlie Adam on Saturday . The Chelsea midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by Adam's flailing arm following a tussle with Adam . Spain international posted a picture to Instagram with the caption: 'Italy with Dr Paco'
Arsene Wenger's side finished fourth in the Premier League last season . Gunners had played 31 games in 2013/14 and had 63 points from 31 games . North London side have the same record as they did at this stage last year . They were beaten 6-0 by Chelsea, drawing with Swansea and Manchester City before another humiliating loss at Everton .
Arsenal are considering a move for Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere . The 23-year-old has picked up 24 injuries during his seven-year professional career . He has been tipped as a future Gunner and England international when he broke through the ranks in 2008 .
Rio Ferdinand has been a colossus of the game and has made 700 club appearances . The 36-year-old defender has been suspended, benched or out of the squad . Ferdinand started the first seven matches of QPR's Premier League campaign before being dropped . He has played just five times since the start of October .
Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest in Europe's top five leagues . QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa on Tuesday night to level the table . Barcelona's Lionel Messi has made more assists this year than any other player . Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has made 17 assists in Bundesliga this year . Emil Halfredsson and Santi Cazorla have also laid on five goals this season . Marseille winger Marek Hamsik has five assists for Serie A side
Aston Villa drew 1-1 with Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park on Sunday . Christian Benteke scored his seventh Premier League goal of the season . Charlie Austin equalised for Charlie Austin in the second half . Tim Sherwood's side remain five points clear of relegation danger . CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Jack Wilshere moved closer to recovery from serious ankle injury . Midfielder came through 4-1 win over Stoke City in U21 Premier League fixture . He was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively .
Parish posed for picture with Alan Pardew, Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman . Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones . Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park .
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile in London on Tuesday . The 37-year-old was taking a stroll through the capital having featured during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday . Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury and was replaced by the striker . Chelsea claim victory to extend their lead at the top with an Eden Hazard penalty and Loic Remy strike .
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich . The Manchester United boss took charge in 2009 but only lasted two years . He claims Van Gaal 'lost the players' trust' while the Dutchman was at Bayern . 'The first contact with him was already poisoned. As a professional you lose your trust. He does great things on the pitch'
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a 3-3 draw against fellow relegation strugglers QPR . Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in the second half to give the visitors the lead after just 10 minutes . The former Tottenham boss was pictured embracing the mascot ahead of kick-off with a big hug . Despite being rivals and both desperate for three points the Villa manager could not stay still on the touchline as his players went behind twice
Bubba Watson anonymously answers an ESPN.com survey on 103 tour professionals . Patrick Reed came second in the survey, with Rory Sabbatini and Robert Allenby third . The reigning champion admits he has been involved in 'some mess ups' on Tour but did not dislike any of his peers .
Chris Ramsey and Tim Sherwood met at Villa Park on Tuesday night . They shuffled and shouted, cajoled and pointed, never during the match did they exchange glances, perhaps too afraid to look the other in the eye and give the game away . The two English coaches have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance .
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on anger management course . One-cap England international was at the centre of a police assault probe . Student, 22, was left with two black eyes and bruising during incident in February . He was not charged with any offence but will forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for club's foundation .
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix . The British driver retired from the Malaysian Grand Prix at the Sepang circuit . But Button admits the team 'still has a long way to go' ahead of the race .
Boyhood Aston Villa supporter Stan Collymore covers the game against QPR on Tuesday night . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to salvage a point for Villa against their Premier League relegation rivals QPR . Clint Hill and Charlie Austin also scored for Villa as they clawd back a vital point at Villa Park .
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach, Florida . John Bailey told WPTV the bobcat might have been scared by his presence, since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find .
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United . Sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants . Martin Edwards, son of a Salford butcher, remained a figure of distrust . Not many Manchester City fans will be reminded of his chairmanship .
Liverpool lost 6-2 to Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Anfield . Brendan Rodgers' side face a defining moment in a season that has not lacked them . The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season . 'I don't want to go down the route of saying that it saves our season,' insists Rodges .
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on the ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen . He says the national team have lost touch with the game's public . Booth is also a respected cricket writer with Sportsmail .
Youssouf Mulumbu has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the young player of the year prize . West Brom midfielder has been impressed by Kane's 19 Premier League goals this season . The Congo international has also picked five Chelsea players in his XI . Hazard was joined by Chelsea team-mates John Terry, Cesar Azpilicueta, Nemanja Matic and John Terry .
Geoffrey Kondogbia has racked up over 100 league games for Lens, Sevilla and Monaco . The Monaco midfielder is only 22 but has also impressed at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup alongside Paul Pogba in the French midfield . Liverpool are interested in the 22-year-old and have been monitoring him constantly in recent years .
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity . The 22-year-old posted a screengrab of a text message conversation . His apparent generosity drew over 2,000 'likes' and lots of praise from his followers .
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia . The Old Trafford club are about to sign off a visit to America - in all likelihood to be over by August 1 . Van Gaal felt asked too much of his players to visit his side during their tour of America . Dutchman felt his players were asked to travel too much each time . United are currently fourth in the Premier League table .
Aston Villa's Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday . Belgian's total accounted for 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players this season . Chelsea's Eden Hazard has netted 12 times in the Premier League this term . Spain's Diego Costa and David Silva have all been on target so far this campaign . Saido Berahino has scored 12 goals for Liverpool .
Stuart Broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after falling . England bowler fell during his delivery and was left clutching ankle . Broad needed treatment after falling at Warner Park in St Kitts .
Supposed leaked images of Manchester United's home, away and third strips for next season have leaked on to the internet . Last summer the club announced that they had signed a £750million deal with Sportwear giant adidas to make their kits for 10 years starting from the 2015-16 campaign . Nike had been supplying United for 13 years ith the 20-times English champions .
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich, according to board member Jan-Christian Dreesen . The former Barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 according to Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and face Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the German Cup .
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson at Chaophraya restaurant . Everton captain made Pad Thai to celebrate the festival of Songkran . Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years .
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years for Manchester City . The keeper joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 . Dowd continued working as a plumber throughout his professional career .
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games . The striker suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea . Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect Van Persie to be fit enough to return against Manchester City .
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship . Their case is so severe that relegation and disqualification from UEFA is a distinct possibility if they fail to settle their outstanding debts . The consequences of their monetary plight has forced the club to sell their best players .
Juan Mata scored a stunning volley as Manchester United beat Liverpool 3-1 on Saturday . It was the Spaniard's fifth win in a row for Louis van Gaal's side . Herrera followed up his compatriot's achievement with a brace of his own .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Unidentified restaurant owner was closing empty shop in Shandong, China . She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on door and asked to use the toilet . The woman pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat . He then fled the restaurant but he tried to attack her again - only for him to knock him down .
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose last weekend . The Spaniard broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday, taking a hit to the face from Charlie Adam's forearm minutes before the Scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at Stamford Bridge . He has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist, who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba, in the hope of returning to action as soon as possible .
Manchester City star unveils 64metre mural at club's Academy Stadium . Players including Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters put the finishing touches to the mural . Women's players Lucy Bronze, Emma Lipman and Mathias Bossaerts also involved .
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19 . A website has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in the season . Fans who don't want to turn their backs on the players will be encouraged to take part in other demos .
Lazio lost 1-0 to Juventus in the Coppa Italia final on Wednesday . Substitute Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure the win for the holders . Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final but were knocked out . Napoli slipped from third to sixth in Serie A, leaving their Champions League qualification hopes in tatters .
Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . He was fired in conjunction with chairman-elect Colin Graves . Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are thought to be contenders for the role .
Ernest Goult, 72, accused of making gesture at Middlesbrough match . Allegedly gestured towards players at Riverside Stadium in November . Three Blackburn players are expected to give evidence at the trial .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to see off Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night . The Portugal forward became the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul . Ronaldo joined the 300 club in 288 appearances by doing what all forwards should, sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez .
Simon Eastwood almost scored a last-gasp equaliser against Liverpool . The Blackburn goalkeeper was in the dying stages to force extra-time . Jordan Henderson believes Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory will give his team-mates a much-needed lift .
Steven Gerrard could feature in FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 . Liverpool skipper was suspended for quarter-final replay following red card against Manchester United on March 22 . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer feels it would be fitting for Liverpool's captain to lift the trophy before he leaves Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy .
Liverpool beat Blackburn 3-2 in FA Cup sixth round replay at Ewood Park . Goalkeeper Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time . Brendan Rodgers' side will face either Tottenham or Sheffield United in the FA Cup final .
Jack Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam . He is the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963, and collected his sixth in 1986 . The 75-year-old took part in the Masters 1000 event at Augusta National in Georgia .
Philippe Coutinho scored the winner as Liverpool advanced to the FA Cup semi-finals with a 1-0 win . The win sets up a Wembley date with Aston Villa a week on Sunday . Henderson's partner Beccy gave birth to their second daughter, Alba .
Luis Suarez scored 31 goals in Liverpool's 3-0 win against Manchester City . Jordan Henderson, Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling were all outstanding . Liverpool have only suffered three defeats in 23 matches so far this season .
Mamadou Sakho limped off in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers . French defender limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after clearance on the edge of his own penalty area . Kolo Toure partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable .
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal against Liverpool last weekend . The Spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for Mathieu Debuchy . Bellerin set a new Arsenal record over 40 metres in August . But the 26-year-old is determined to take his record back this summer .
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano . Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box . The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for Saturday's game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday .
Celtic remain seven points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with an easy 2-0 win over Partick . Hoops defender James Craigen was shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a 'last man' foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong . Stefan Johansen added a second in the 63rd minute as the encounter turned into a Hoops procession . Aberdeen were second-placed Aberdeen beat Inverness 1-0 .
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 2-1 in the German Cup semi-final . Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout . The match was deadlocked at 0-0 at the end of extra time . He then challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick . Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort .
Manchester City's youngsters extended their first-leg lead with late goals at the King Power Stadium . Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go . But substitute Buckley and Barker struck to kill that dream off and set up a final against Chelsea later this month . City will face Chelsea in first leg on April 20 before travelling to Stamford Bridge a week later on April 27 .
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . The incident occurred on Panama City Beach between March 10-12 and was reported by police in Troy, Alabama . A sex offender told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details . Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the 'most disgusting, sickening thing' and likened the scene to 'wild
Nina Moric, 38, posted photos of heavy bruising on her Instagram account . Italian media reported that she tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in her apartment in Milan on Saturday night . However, Ms Moric told her fans that she was well and had no intention of suicide . She said: 'I fell banging my head and I hurt everywhere because of low blood pressure'
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell, 61, held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . He is the brother of Boney M's lead singer Liz Mitchell, who changed his name . 61-year-old held after death of Syrian-born Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48 . One man, 36, has been charged with his murder in Brent, Scotland Yard .
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - on Wednesday . It stressed that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri . Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's 'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado .
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots . Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure . The original roots grew up against a wall, but when the wall was demolished the tree was uprooted to its new location .
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of his captaincy . Capello says England would be stronger if they still had Chelsea star at disposal . Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during Chelsea match in October 2011 .
French daredevil Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk . The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to complete the climb . Robert has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world .
Martin Fletcher concluded that Bradford stadium fire was an accident . It was probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish . The stand at Valley Parade ground burns after a fire in 1985 .
Spanish man, 50, shot dead after barricading himself into Zaragoza home . Officers stormed house after night of failed negotiations and shot him . Man had been shot twice in shoulder and is in a serious condition in hospital . He has three daughters and is usually 'calm' keeping himself to himself .
The 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and cars at the bottom of the River Avon in Bath . The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation which was ordered after hundreds of objects were identified as blocking the river . Over 150 trolleys have been removed as well as six vehicles, one dating back over 40 years . Work is being focused on an area between Windsor Bridge and Victoria Bridge in the city in a clean up operation costsing £20,000 .
A grinning Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her husband Kim Jong-un . Match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung .
Andrew Odell bought loaf of bread from Aldi in Milton Keynes . He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the store . When he replied he wrote: 'Fortunately the mouse is fine...and last'
Tiger was chasing chicken at Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in China . Mistiming incident was captured on camera by photographer Libby Zhang . Tiger slipped right onto its back, but momentum continued to slide .
Jordan Morris, 20, is the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades . Juan Agudelo added his third international goal and first since March 2011 . The US has beaten Mexico by 2-0 in four straight World Cup qualifiers, all in Columbus, Ohio . Jurgen Klinsmann played a mix of young players and experienced internationals in the win .
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012 . The former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired . Shannon, from Manchester, has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 .
Luke Shaw admits Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the dressing room . Young received a surprise delivery during a match against Swansea in August . Shaw says players still laugh at the time Young got bird pooed in his mouth . The left back made just 17 appearances this season .
Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing team found thrown in a skip outside St James' Park . Images include Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given . The club say the pictures are 'old and not being used anymore'
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The German has built a team in his image during his seven-year tenure . Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski have helped Bayern Munich re-establish their dominance at the Westfalenstadion . Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool and Man City are all interested .
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and wants to join the club . Ghana international admits he supported Liverpool as a boy . Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest . Napoli, Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli also interested .
Joss Labadie was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA . Dagenham midfielder was banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry . The 24-year-old has previously played for Shrewsbury, Cheltenham, Tranmere and Notts County .
Alexandre Lacazette opened the scoring in the 77th minute against Bastia . Frenchman took his tally to 25 eight minutes later to move Lyon up to 64 points from 32 games . Lyon's Jordan Ferri dribbled past a defender before his curling shot was saved by Alphonse Areola .
The England C team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of Greg Dyke’s spending review at the FA . FA chairman Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs . Non-league national team is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough, who selects from players outside the Football League, aged 23 and under .
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Wembley on Tuesday night . The League One side became the first team in the Football League to secure promotion . Aden Flint has been a central role in returning City to the Championship . Defender's uncompromising defensive style has led to 11 goals this season .
Paul McGowan spared jail for third assault on policeman . Midfielder has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order . The 27-year-old will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic . Dundee face Ronny Deila's night next Wednesday night at Parkhead .
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to help improve safety . Jeff Astle died in 2002 of a brain trauma caused by heading leather footballs . The panel will also be asked to advise on how to make the game safer .
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees . A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans . The incident happened in the final minute of the game which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory . Images of people who have photos or videos of the incident who were seated above the tunnel can be anonymous .
Barcelona trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a 'special relationship', says Gerard Pique . The trio are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain . Pique continued to swipe at the relationship between Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale at Real Madrid rivals .
The family of Lavall Hall, released the shocking video which calls into question the Miami Gardens police department's account of the incident on February 15 . The 25-year-old was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier . His family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court in Miami against the city of Miami Gardens and the two officers .
Suma was first diagnosed with arthritis in 2013 . X-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis, her hips and ankles . Doctors were also able to give her ears, teeth, and eyes a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years . The 36-year-old primate is transported to and from the examination room by Melbourne Zoo keepers on Thursday .
Epicentre of quake was about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210 . Tremor was felt widely in San Fernando Valley and parts of northern Los Angeles County . No damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported .
eBay user posted a laminated badge featuring a photo of former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez and identifying information . The 25-year-old is currently in prison during his trial for the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd . Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home .
Ian Drinnan claimed arthritis caused him almost constant pain and needed crutches . Football coach, 58, was filmed looking sprightly as he put up spectator barriers . He was claiming £3,500 in disability benefits and told DWP he did not have any hobbies .
Kate Upton has revealed that Terry Richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini called 'Cat Daddy' Footage, which played a huge part in Kate's rise to fame, has been viewed more than 22 million times . Terry is one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry .
Denmark captain Daniel Agger accused of elbowing Mattias Jorgensen in a goalless derby on Monday . Brondby are to be investigated by the country's FA for the incident . The incident was not seen by match officials .
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . Footage shows the tabby producing a range of bizarre gurgling noises as she is petted . In between her vocal outbursts, the cat manically licks her furry body .
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana . When the two caught a bowfin the fish jumped up and slapped him . The sound of the fish making impact is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon . Quinn stumbles backwards in shock as his dad begins laughing .
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . Following a fence, the bird makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound . The video was uploaded to YouTube by a Polish-based blogger who has spent some time volunteering at the Brazilian breeding centre .
Lewis Hamilton has described the paperwork issues as 'a pain in the backside' The British world champion is unhappy with the terms and conditions . The 30-year-old is favourite to win this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix .
Robin van Persie Snr posts Instagram video of him scoring with a 'scorpion kick' His dad is seen in the acrobatic celebration with the move in his garden . Manchester United striker will be offered £5million to leave the club this summer .
West Indies made Anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial Test . Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record . Ben Stokes was England's first man to be dismissed on day two when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips .
Watford beat Millwall 2-0 in their Championship clash . Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put the club in the lead . Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the Hornets . Adlene Guedioura sealed the win with a vital second goal .
Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season . The 22-year-old broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield . Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to the Liverpool youngster .
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season assessment . 19-year-old defender has been an instant hit at Celtic and formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk . Celtic boss Ronny Deila admits the defender will miss the first Champions League qualifier on July 16 .
Images of an 11-year-old boy drawing the world map from scratch have gone viral . A professor in New York invited her autistic son to a class, during which he got up on a chair and drew the map from memory . The images were posted on the online community, as user Bobitis .
Borussia Dortmund have offered Mats Hummels a contract extension . 26-year-old has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United . The defender admits he is still undecided over his future at Dortmund .
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup on Tuesday . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang equalized for Dortmund with a powerful header . Ricardo Rodriguez converted second-half penalty to give Wolfsburg a 1-0 victory over Freiburg . Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and Marco Reus, both injured . Neven Subotic took the lead in the 19th through Dortmund defender Kevin Volland and Roberto Firmino .
Bayern Munich defeated Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in their Bundesliga clash . Robert Lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat . Dortmund captain Mats Hummels says Bayern created enough chances .
Chelsea skipper racially abused Anton Ferdinand at Loftus Road in 2011 . Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea scraped a 1-0 win . The 34-year-old was rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin .
Chelsea travel to Chelsea for the first 699 games under Russian rule . The next 700 games will see them supply more players for the English national team as they implement Abramovich’s demand to follow FFP rules . Jose Mourinho believes Chelsea’s adherence to FFP positions positions them as standard bearers for English game .
Final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . The match will restart at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down . Leah Williamson is set to take the last minute spot-kick against Norway but the match will cost them a place in the European Championship finals in Israel . UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds will be re
New episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear . BBC said: ‘A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events'
First year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian carp decided to strike . Initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat . The filmmaker laughs at his fellow students as hundreds of fish jump from the water and hurl themselves at the carp .
Polish volunteer has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . One-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu, captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer . Goska holds the clinched bottle for the large feline and gives it cuddles as it sucks contents from the bottle before seamlessly moving onto another one .
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized to Republican strategist Susan Del Percio after a search for 'hot' pictures of her was posted . The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search for images of the strategist, who has worked with former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . Del PerCio said that the incident was being 'taken seriously' and that Klein does not need to apologize to her .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang . Pictures show him smiling and waving, with his right-hand wrist wrapped up . It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the mysterious dictator .
Storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday . The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring, according to The Weather Channel .
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan . But two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable . Her weight had almost doubled and he made sure she ate as much as she could . He fed her snacks in a bid to stop her attracting too much attention . The 25-year-old feeder has popped the question with a bouquet made of chocolate .
dual carriageway shut for an hour after driver drove red Peugeot towards Southend . Some cars were forced into central barrier and man needed treatment . Sam Butt, 33, from Leigh, was one of those who needed to take evasive action .
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday . Louis van Gaal's side are all but guaranteed Champions League places . But Neville believes they have a good chance of beating anyone .
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday . The 26-year-old tore his thigh muscle in September and underwent surgery . De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his summer arrival .
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva . Newcastle stand-in skipper is facing disciplinary action after being sent off . John Carver says the Magpies must improve their discipline .
Jack Colback says Newcastle fans deserve more this season . Midfielder was one of the only players who deserves credit for a shift against Liverpool on Monday . Newcastle boss John Carver says his squad will undergo major renovations this summer .
Peter Quillin vacated the WBO middleweight title Lee in Las Vegas last December . It was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance . Lee strode out in front of a healthy crowd knowing whatever happens, his belt wasn't going anywhere . The statistics told a different story when it was scored 113-112, 112-113, 113-113 .
Graeme McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship . The former US Open champion insisted he would never consider not playing the Masters despite another frustrating experience at Augusta National . He was initially given a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he attempted to swat a bee away from his ball on Saturday .
Niall Horan fell while caddying for Rory McIlroy in traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National while he also hit a ball into the water on the ninth hole . The pair will reunite on stage in Boston .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in their Tyne/Wear derby on Sunday . Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light . The 32-year-old was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle .
Martin Montoya nets ball into basketball hoop at Barcelona training ground . The 23-year-old left-back was joined by Ivan Rakitic and Javier Mascherano . Luis Enrique's side moved further closer after 4-0 win over Almeria on Wednesday night . Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored the picks of the goals as Barcelona moved within four points of their great rivals .
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job . But he insists he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media . Chelsea boss was fined £25,000 earlier this season for claiming a campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions .
Jose Mourinho has sided with Arsene Wenger over the Ballon d'Or . Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award . Wenger said last year he was ‘totally against’ the award, and in a wide-ranging interview with the Telegraph .
Rory McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes before carding a one-under-par 71 on Thursday . The world No 1 was four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman but it could have been a lot worse as he was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine . He is just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .
Kevin Pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for a team photo . The Surrey team photo session comes before the start of the County Championship season in April . Paul Downton was sacked by the England set-up on Wednesday . Surrey are set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19 .
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta on the opening day . The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round . It was his first competitive golf for two months - recording a relatively respectable score . He looked like irritated, fed up with a sport he once held on a string .
Gunners chief negotiator has flown to South America to finalise deal . The 16-year-old forward has been compared to Lionel Messi . Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the teenage sensation .
Jose Mourinho reveals how Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager . Portuguese had just made his first impression on the Champions League by knocking out Porto with unfancied Porto . Matic claims to have learned respect from Ferguson but has had many spats with Arsene Wenger . Chelsea boss claims he has 'that beautiful face of a manager which I try to have myself'
Leah Williamson retakes penalty for England Under 19 clash against Norway . German referee Marjia Kurtes had disallowed penalty for encroachment . But instead of ordering Williamson back to spot, she was awarded a free-kick . The game was restarted at 9.45pm and the venue, the players, were ticked off .
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam . Here are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course .
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on the opening day of the Grand National Meeting . Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out . Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season .
Former England captain has already held talks with ECB chief executive Tom Harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket . Vaughan is one of the busiest men in cricket, earning close to £1million a year through his various media roles with the BBC, Sky, Channel 5 and the Daily Telegraph . Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart could be unveiled before Monday’s first Test in the West Indies .
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge sports centre in Sheffield . The 29-year-old was a wild card for the match that won't be bettered in this year's qualifying tournament . 127 male players were allowed to compete for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip event on April 18 .
Kell Brook is set to defend his IBF welterweight title on May 30 . The 28-year-old enjoyed a night out at the Darts in his home town of Sheffield on Thursday . Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move to 17 points in second place . Brook is preparing to defend the title for a second time against Frankie Gavin .
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford in Sunday's Manchester derby . City have beaten United in the last four Manchester derbies . Sergio Aguero insists City can still win the league despite defeat by Crystal Palace .
Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck knocked former club Manchester United out of FA Cup quarter-final in March . Teenager posted vile rant under username @angeIsleftfoot which read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***' Police launched probe after fellow Twitter user complained .
Amelie Mauresmo broke the news on Twitter on Thursday night . The former world No 1 will be heavily pregnant as she guides Murray through Wimbledon . Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral .
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef in just 70 minutes at the Hassan II event in Casablanca . The British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely, who was given a far tougher test as he progressed to the last eight .
Arsene Wenger revealed Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has suffered a setback . The England midfielder has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . Arsenal are trying to find a cure for the problem, which is the recurrence of a long-standing hamstring strain .
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 at the 79th Masters at Augusta . Englishman Justin Rose and South African Ernie Els tied for second . The 21-year-old now owns a three-shot lead going into day two .
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Monday night . A Villa ball boy initially slipped over while retrieving the ball . Rob Green mugged off the 35-year-old with a handmade nutmeg . Green is no stranger to reel moments, having let Clint Dempsey's shot slip through his fingers at the 2010 World Cup .
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, has defended her son in an interview . Sharpe said she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of . She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated . This as Sharpe was caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back as he ran away, though he has yet to enter a plea .
Button hit the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix . The pair battled for position on the run down to Turn 1 . Fernando Alonso was lapped by both Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen .
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton at the Chinese Grand Prix . The German was only four-hundredss of a second behind the Briton . Rosberg will start second on the grid behind Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari .
French rugby federation is looking for a replacement for Philippe Saint-Andre . Since taking over from Marc Lievremont he has failed to impose himself . The FFR launched the application process on Friday, with candidates having until April 25 to declare their bid .
Leicester's rugby director Richard Cockerill believes the Premiership title race will go to the wire on Saturday . Saracens, London Welsh, Wasps and Northampton all have four games left to play . The 22-game Premiership campaign concludes on May 16, with play-offs a week later .
Sean Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish next season . The 26-year-old has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder . London Irish winger has won 15 caps for Scotland and toured with the British & Irish Lions in 2013 .
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers . The 39-year-old will begin his role in December when next edition of the BBL gets under way . He played in 71 Tests and 97 one-day internationals for Australia . Yorkshire have never won England's domestic Twenty20 competition .
England's premier bowler suffered a frustrating day in his 100th Test appearance . Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 . He overtakes Devon Smith in his 13 overs which went for 24 runs and eight maidens . Jordan, Stuart Broad and James Tredwell shared other wickets to fall .
West Indies bowlers received an animated pep talk from paceman Curtly Ambrose . The legendary bowler looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session . Batsman Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has lasted over 21 years .
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket against Australia . But the Durham all-rounder's front foot crossed the line and he earned a reprieve . Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind on that occasion .
Michael Vaughan is favourite to become England's cricketing supremo . West Indies got them both out early on with Jonathan Trott out for a duck . Geoff Boycott was also critical of the pair in Antigua .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation . Burnley were made to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor . Arsenal have won only once in 11 games but Dyche still believes they can escape the drop .
Everton drew 1-1 with Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday . Seamus Coleman was barged by Marvin Emnes before defender scooped ball away . Michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate, and gave a penalty . Roberto Martinez said: 'My thoughts are that straight away there is contact. He gets unbalanced'
Craig Dawson set to return for West Brom after serving one-match ban . Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury but Callum McManaman is not yet fit . Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester .
Harry Panayiotou has been chosen ahead of all the players in Division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics . The 20-year-old scored three goals in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea . He hopes to make Leicester City's first team in the Premier League and has grown up nearby .
Newcastle announced record profits last month of £18.7million . Accounts registered with Companies House on Monday show £38.6million was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum . Revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from lucrative Premier League TV deals . Protest is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott home match against Tottenham .
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby at Loftus Road . Blues were targeted by objects thrown onto the pitch by the crowd . Jose Mourinho admits Chelsea 'were lucky'
Rob Green's dreadful kick led to Chelsea's late winner at Loftus Road . Mauricio Isla - Tasked with taming Hazard and Willian . Nedum Onuoha - Has shone in recent weeks for QPR . Joey Barton put in a good shift for the home side . Thibaut Courtois' brilliance denied Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips .
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 aged 59 . West Brom have honoured the memory of former striker on 'Astle Day' They are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit .
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes against Stoke on Saturday . The 25-year-old was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear . His absence will still come as a blow to West Ham's aspirations of finishing high up the table . Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season, but could be out .
Rangers were held to a 1-1 draw by bottom side Livingston in West Lothian . Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches . Stuart McCall wants Rangers to put away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton .
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit for Rangers . Newcastle loanee Ferguson has not played since October . Remie Street has not featured since his debut against Greece .
Rangers boss Stuart McCall hopes Shane Ferguson can play a surprise role in the club's play-off bid . The on-loan Newcastle United wide man has been out since January . Ferguson, Haris Vuckic, Gael Bigirimana, Kevin Mbabu and Remie Streete swapped St James' Park for Ibrox .
Rangers remain the rightful and legal owners of their trademarks . Club will return to the club when a £5million loan is repaid . The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm took ownership of intellectual property .
Real Madrid return to training a day after Champions League starters' break . Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez were absent . Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa were present as substitutes against Atletico . Defender Dani Carvjal forced to deny trying to bite Mario Mandzukic .
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois wants to win the Premier League . The 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers . He has impressed for Genk, Atletico Madrid and Jose Mourinho's side . Chelsea have won the Capital One Cup, Copa del Rey and UEFA Super Cup .
Petr Cech is poised to leave Chelsea in the summer, says Carlo Cudicini . Chelsea want at least £10million for the 32-year-old, and would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the Emirates, he says . Cudiudicini says Arsenal should target Cech if he leaves Stamford Bridge . Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season .
Laurent Blanc believes Barcelona were superior 'in virtually every department' PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . David Luiz endured a night to forget and was relieved to escape .
A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives at Hillsborough . Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond . Hull City and Hull marked the anniversary on Twitter .
Wales climb to world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier . England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in qualifying . Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at No 3 in the FIFA world rankings . Brazil, who beat France last month, are still ranked No 5 in the world .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday . Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to earn his side a win . The former Tottenham striker is the first player to take on the keepy up challenge .
Police say Lakenya Hall, 35, drove six children, including two of her own, to a residence just outside New Orleans . It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh and was treated at an area hospital and later released . Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting .
Luke Shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United . The 19-year-old joined United last summer in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton after an impressive campaign on the south coast . Shaw has made only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils .
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals of his career at Chelsea . Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the winner at Stamford Bridge . West Ham are currently ninth in the standings, one spot ahead of Stoke, but both teams have 42 points .
Charlie Adam stunned the Premier League with a goal from his own half against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . David Beckham scored the final goal in 3-0 win for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996 .
Charlie Adam scored 66-yard goal against Chelsea on Easter weekend . He knocked the ball out in front of him before picking it out of his own net . It is not the first time the Scot has been back-pedalling by keeper .
Charlie Adam has scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea . David Beckham struck from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996 . Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after the goal lost the game .
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm) Ecuador's Enner Valencia is available for Hammers following hamstring injury . Stoke defender Marc Wilson is available despite a broken hand . Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training .
Oscar was withdrawn at half-time as Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 . Nemanja Matic, Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored for the Blues . Jose Mourinho insists he is not struggling and will bounce back .
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby against Manchester City . Van Persie missed United's last six games following an ankle injury . The Dutchman has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes of top flight football so far this season . United have won all five of their subsequent Premier League matches .
Dani Alves is out of contract at Manchester United at end of the season . The defender has been offered a three-year deal at the Nou Camp . Old Trafford club have offered him a new deal with an option of a third year depending on number of games played in second year .
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's trip to Newcastle with a hamstring injury . France international came off in Wednesday's FA Cup replay against Blackburn Rovers . Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness . Newcastle defender Daryl Janmaat fit despite injury scare at Anfield .
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked into the Nou Camp with his wife . The Uruguayan signed for Barcelona for £75million from Liverpool . He revealed that Real Madrid were 'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Mario Balotelli shared image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers had already gone cold on the Italian . But he will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped the striker was maturing as he got older . Attempts to recruit other strikers had proved unsuccessful last summer .
Liverpool made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 after winning the League Cup and losing the FA Cup to Chelsea . Lucas missed all of them with a serious knee injury sustained in the previous November . The midfielder played his part in the 1-0 quarter-final win at Blackburn in a last-four encounter with Aston Villa on April 19 .
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-finals . Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad to travel to Arsenal . Robbie Savage branded the £16million striker 'pathetic' for missing the game .
Derry Mathews faces WBA lightweight champion Richar Abril on April 18 . The 31-year-old may still fight for the title in his home city if he withdraws from the bout . It is the second time he has withdrawed from a fight with less than two weeks prior .
Newcastle were beaten in Sunday's 1-0 defeat to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Newcaslte boss John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer . The Magpies have spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season, says Carver .
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out to have the 'one big payday' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . Brook defeated Jo Jo Dan to retain his IBF welterweight crown last month . But the 28-year-old boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30 with his opponent yet to be confirmed . Khan had announced a fight with Chris Algieri next month but he has now backtracked on that, claiming there are 'some more options on the table'
Lionel Messi scored his 33rd league goal of the season against Almeria on Wednesday night . Argentine striker Luis Suarez scored a similar left-footed strike to double the Catalans lead with the first of his two goals . Barcelona ran out comfortable 4-0 winners in La Liga, with Marc Bartra heading in either side . The result leaves Barcelona seven points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona .
Unai Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' at Sevilla . The Basque-born coach is often seen gesturing on the touchline . Emery joined Sevilla in January 2013 . Valencia and Sevilla each have 61 points in fourth and fifth .
One Direction singer Niall Horan slipped while carrying McIlroy's clubs around par-three course at Augusta National . The 21-year-old shared a photo on social media of him and McIlory before the pair headed out onto the course . Horan and Woods laughed it off as the Northern Irishman his one-under-par round on Wednesday . Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years .
Rory McIlroy's official coronation will come on Sunday if he wins Masters to consign the Tiger Woods era . Patrick Reed (40-1) is Brash, proud of it and born to show off on the biggest stage . Paul Casey – Back to his best after finally getting fully fit and committing to play full time in the US . Augusta National has been subject to heavy rain at some point during the week .
10-year-old Alvarado has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February . Limerick-born O'Brien, 42, says that is preferable last year when he went into the race not having run since pulling up at Cheltenham on New Year's Day . Gary Moore-trained 2014 Champion Chase winner Sire De Grugy runs over two and a half miles for the first time on Friday .
In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry . Now their daughters are taking the reigns with the likes of Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon and Ella Richards . Cindy Crawford was huge stars in 80s and 90s and still has A-List status 20 years later .
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday . The fixture was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered . Hillsborough memorial has been temporarily moved due to building work .
Porto are the only undefeated side in the Champions League so far . Bayern Munich take on Porto in their quarter-final on Wednesday . Julen Lopetegui says the team 'hasn't stopped growing' last summer . The former Barcelona goalkeeper labels Pep Guardiola 'a winner'
Barcelona keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is keen to impress manager Luis Enrique in the Champions League . The 22-year-old has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining the club in the summer . German international arrived at the Nou Camp from Borussia Monchengladbach in May .
Chelsea quartet took part in the Songkran festival at their Cobham training base . Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion took the brunt of the players' shots as a forfeit at the end of the game . Blues close in on a Premier League and Capital One Cup double .
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. No pressure. No big whoop . Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it . The 39-year-old was all smiles and wise-cracks as he sat before the assembled press on Tuesday .
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters on Wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name . The Northern Irishman looked more subdued than excited at his press conference yesterday, possibly because he knew what was coming . One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year McILroy won his first major, so you could say they had mirrored each other .
Gareth Bale injured his foot during Real Madrid's training session on Tuesday morning . Carlo Ancelotti's side travel to Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday evening to take on ninth-placed Rayo . Bale is a doubt but could miss the game if he is deemed unable to play .
Three Corinthians players have been diagnosed with the disease . The disease causes extreme joint pain and headaches . Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions . Corinthians' striker Paolo Guerrero will miss his team's last two games .
Paris Saint-Germain will be without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti in Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Barcelona . The La Liga giants beat Ligue 1 rivals Olympique de Marseille 3-2, thrashed St Etienne 4-1 in the French Cup semi-finals, and won the League Cup 4-0 against Bastia . PSG beat Barca 3-2 at home in a Group F game this season before losing 3-1 at home to the Camp Nou .
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night . Goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon denies the away goal was an away goal . The 37-year-old says retiring is a 'disaster' to continue playing .
Rangers' final game of the Championship season backs 24 hours . Hibs, Hearts and Rangers have united in condemnation of the move . Rangers face champions Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3 .
Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings . There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends . Comedian James Corden is one of the bigger names likely to attend . The only non-British player who will attend is Jean-Julien Rojer .
Ben Flower has been urged to be 'a bit more aggressive' by Wigan . The 28-year-old will return to the side on Thursday against Warrington . Flower was the first player to be sent off in a Grand Final in eight years .
Ben Flower admits he regrets every day his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final in October . The Wigan Warriors forward is coming to the end of a six-month ban . Flower was the first man to be sent off in the Grand Final .
Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out after being told he needs surgery . The 37-year-old New Zealand prop has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago . Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott: 'He will be out for anything between four to six weeks'
Dutch striker Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Manchester United . United bosses are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker . Italian giants Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move . Louis van Gaal said on Friday that Van Persie is not yet fit enough to play .
Raheem Sterling gave Liverpool the lead after nine minutes at Anfield . Joe Allen doubled the Reds' advantage shortly after half-time . Liverpool move within four points of the Premier League top four .
Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema trained ahead of Tuesday's derby . The Portuguese star showed off his array of skills during Monday's training session . Real Madrid have cut the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points . Ronaldo's return from injury will give Real a boost ahead of the clash .
The hard-boiled egg is placed in a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with water . He then places his hand over the top of the glass, completely covering it . After approximately ten seconds of shaking, the YouTuber lifts up the egg which has a cracked shell . The video which was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website .
The maze has been launched at the famous theme park in Chertsey, Surrey . Adventures include gold stars to be won, quizzed with slimey punishments for wrong answers and 56 mph wind to face . 'I'm really excited but I'm a little bit scared,' confided Angela Griffin .
The former England rugby star tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions’ After he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot, but she was there with him . Monbeg Dude was a fast-finishing third when the race began at 4.15pm . The horse was ridden by Irish jockey Leighton Aspell last year .
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid since his debut . The 30-year-old is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano's club record . Portuguese forward has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left . 46 of his goals have been outside the box, many of them screamers . Dixie Dean, Everton and Jonny Wilshere have formed their goalscoring careers .
Southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . Ronald Koeman's side are seventh in the Premier League table . Graziano Pelle has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon .
Chelsea star Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance for the Blues on Sunday . Hazard has grown to love English football, adapting to the demands of the Premier League and numerous managers he has already played for . The Chelsea No 10 has been fouled nine times in the past . He has scored 17 goals with another nine assists in the Champions League .
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Tottenham in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club . Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies . Owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism .
Sunderland boss Alan Pardew is only thinking about his in-form side . Pardewed was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats . Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night and are 11th in the table .
Benaud passed away in his sleep surrounded by his wife and family . He had been receiving radiation treatment since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . Former spin bowler Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him the 'Godfather of cricket' In recognition of his towering stature, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral .
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes wants to make the Britannia Stadium pitch wider to suit his side's playing style . The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m . Arsenal, Manchester City, Manchester United and Newcastle all currently comply with the regulations . QPR's Loftus Road and Tottenham's White Hart Lane are joint smallest .
Selby continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash . The four-time world champion Higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat Scottish countryman Graeme Dott 5-2 . Shaun Murphy came from behind to beat Anthony McGill 5-4 .
Rita, 24, has unveiled a new adidas range with Rimmel . Says the Dragon print is all about her love of travel and soaking up different cultures . Her White Smoke pack is 'inspired by Asian culture and one of its most recognisable symbols'
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma, a rare childhood brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday . She played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer . As her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning .
Jose Mourinho has coached a host of world class stars during his 15-year career as a manager . His ultimate XI: Petr Cech, Sergio Ramos, Lucio, Ashley Cole, Michael Essien . Thibaut Courtois is reportedly set to leave Stamford Bridge if he isn't in charge of Chelsea . Click here for Chelsea transfer news .
Video from the Philadelphia Office of Transportation features safety suiters including Bubbleman and a young man in flashing lights . The campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone . It is aimed at 18-25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones .
Manuel Pellegrini revealed that Vincent Kompany will be assessed on Saturday, 24 hours ahead of Sunday's clash at Old Trafford . The 29-year-old has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure . City are fourth place, a point behind Manchester United after losing three of their last five Premier League matches and taking 18 points from 36 since the turn of the year .
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes . Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final . Roma had initially defended strongly, but capitulated after the break .
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against West Indies on Monday . The 28-year-old admits he thought his England career was over after reaching 'breaking point' in Brisbane . Trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test .
Manchester United stars train in the sunshine ahead of Sunday's Premier League clash against Manchester City . Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of Arsenal in fourth place with seven games to go . Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action . Striker Robin van Persie returned to training after getting injured at Swansea in February .
QPR manager Harry Redknapp has claimed 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation as manager . The 68-year-old said the situation was 'like a bit of a soap opera' He left the club in February after constant talk of Tim Sherwood replacing him at Loftus Road earlier in the season . 'I didn't see the teams below us getting the same sort of headlines every other week. It wore me down a little bit'
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham against Wigan . Jermaine Pennant scored a stunning free-kick to level the scores at Craven Cottage . Scott Parker came off the bench to give Wigan the lead in the 35th minute .
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the Premier League to bed . Arsenal head to Burnley in search of an eighth straight league victory . Gunners currently hold a seven-point advantage over Chelsea and also have a match in hand .
Chris Smalling joins Twitter-sphere days before Manchester City clash . Manchester United defender is integral part of Louis van Gaal's side . 25-year-old Adnan Januzaj joins on his official Twitter account .
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's game at home to Eibar . Asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric . Jese joins Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema up front .
Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey says he will shake John Terry's hand . Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks . Rio Ferdinand won't be fit for a reunion with the Chelsea skipper this weekend . Ramsey says Terry is a 'player of Chelsea. I am a manager of QPR'
Arsenal players reveal their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of Burnley trip . Gunners star Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' David Ospina will find time for Colombian rapper J Balvin's track . Santi Cazorla's choice of Melendi's slow track seems to suit him .
Chelsea captain John Terry names his picks for the PFA Player and Team of the Year . Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Tottenham's Harry Kane both pick up three of their backline . David de Gea and Laurent Koscielny also make the cut at St Mary's .
Chelsea have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10 . Current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United . Chelsea can beat that record by 12 days if they stay top between now and end of season .
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . Spain striker aggravated a problem in Chelsea's win over Stoke City . Blues boss Jose Mourinho hopes to have Costa back for final four games .
Manchester City have been reined in by FFP regulations, says Neville . If City were to attract the likes of Mats Hummels and Paul Pogba, they would instantly become front-runners to win the Premier League next season . Neville believes City need to be bold and take on UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations . Click here for more Manchester City news .
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Manchester United at the end of the season . The Germany midfielder has been linked with a move to Old Trafford . Mats Hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a United player .
Jose Mourinho insists Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to claim the player of the season award next month . Hazard will face stiff competition from Tottenham's Harry Kane . Chelsea striker Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury against Burnley .
Glowing tributes were paid to cricketing legend Richie Benaud after his death at 84 from skin cancer . David Cameron said he had 'grown up listening to his wonderful cricket commentary' A recent poll by Wisden Cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes, and Precisely 10,128 of them nominated him as the best . Yet Benad will not return to England next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket’s finest commentator .
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg . The three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree in the paddock . Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton .
Justin Rose ended the day on seven under, sharing third place . He is one of handful of players hanging on to coat tails of Jordan Spieth . Rose was par for the round after bogeying the 18th and sits at one over .
Harrington continues to impress during the second day of the Masters . Byron Meth meets a lovely girl called Crystal on his Masters debut . Half had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher, with just three birdies all day .
The Masters offers food at reasonable prices for its punters . Lee Westwood made five bogeys in his next nine holes . Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months .
Arsene Wenger has branded the emerging trend of post-season tours as a 'nightmare' Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia after the season is done . Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when current campaign finishes . Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter US tour .
Exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against MCC Universities Oxford at The Parks on Sunday . Surrey director of cricket Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena . Pietersen is not being considered because he hasn't played red ball cricket for the last 14 months .
Alec Stewart is interested to learn more about the newly-created role . Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval . Stewart is in the frame to replace Paul Downton as managing director . Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job .
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to reach a Premier League milestone this weekend . Both players have been hugely influential since moving to London in 2012 . Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
Police found clip of unconscious girl being gang raped on Panama City Beach, Florida . Troy University students Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college while they are detained . Rape was uncovered on cell phone during unconnected investigation .
Eidur Gudjohnsen gave Blackpool a 1-1 draw against Bolton Wanderers . Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjosen combined for equaliser . Blackpool remain 16 points adrift of third tier with 16 points from safety .
Brandon Wyne, 17, and Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a traffic stop in Virginia on January 10 . They were in the backseat of their car driven by a friend when they were stopped . Officer filmed the confrontation on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying him twice with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun . The officer can be heard stopping the footage before trying to delete it . It has emerged after Griffith found it in her 'Recently Deleted' folder .
The Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport . They romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge on the famous Tideway course . The women's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew, but also for rowing and sporting equality .
Nico Rosberg will start Sunday's race behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton . The German missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in Shanghai on Sunday . Rosberg has been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season .
Arsenal have won seven straight games since February 7 . Arsene Wenger's side are just seven points behind leaders Chelsea . Gunners take on relegation-threatened Burnley in late kick-off on Saturday . Arsenal have longest winning streak in Premier League era this season .
Arsenal beat Burnley 3-1 at Turf Moor to move further out of the top four . Arsenal move further clear of Manchester City and Chelsea in second place . Sportsmail rated each player by Sportsmail's top rated players .
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on where it all went 'horribly wrong' for Stoke team-mate Charlie Adam following his wonder strike against Chelsea last Saturday . Adam was asked to 'do the robot' if he netted against Jose Mourinho's Premier League high-flyers . Former Liverpool and Tottenham striker was less than impressed with Adam's celebration .
An unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn . She had no identification, but she sported a distinctive tattoo on her right leg . Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
Sportsmail teams up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader a chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300 . One of the UK’s busiest online golf retailers, who also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft balls as part of this superb package .
Derby held to a 2-2 draw by Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday . Manager Steve McClaren says his players only have themselves to blame . Derby are six points off the top two with a win in seven games . Matej Vydra made a 23rd minute error after Cyrus Christie lost the ball out .
Rudi Austin was sent off in the 39th minute for elbowing Ben Marshall . Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn . Austin was back in the Leeds side after a five-match absence . Rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches .
Chelsea striker Patrick Bamford scored his 17th goal of the season . He equalled the club's record goal return of the modern era with a deflected 20th-minute effort . Middlesbrough have won their last four matches on their own turf . Despite being five points adrift of safety, the club arrived with an away record .
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 on Good Friday at the City Ground . Bakary Sako scored Wolves's second goal in the 72nd minute . Benik Afobe and Dougie Freedman both scored for the hosts .
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' sign on his truck after failing to find love online . The father-of-three said he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age, hoping for 'at least 28'
Charles Manuel is accused of swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients . The Iowa Board of Chiropractic has released a report detailing charges against Manuel . Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years .
Charles and Camilla are known as Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland . They were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the distillery . But they will have to wait eight to 10 years to sample the single malt .
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina is studying Business Informatics . He also works as a part time model but thanks to his eerie similarity . Every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned .
Sherlock star challenged to table tennis match by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping . Deng used a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance but Cumberbatch still won the match . The actor is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the series .
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu . Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time . The 2015 LOTTE Championship, presented by Hershey, comes to a close on April 18 .
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts . When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck . His wife Bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on Facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times .
Nike will see their deal with the club expire on July 31 . Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed . But Nike say they have entered into a consultation process with the staff .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has branded the obsession with Jurgen Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus' The 47-year-old announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final .
Unnamed worker was caught on roof on top of Edwardian home in Greenwich . Neighbour noticed man carrying out work with a lack of safety equipment . He should have had scaffolding up at front of property and a longer ladder . HSE inspectors visited house and served prohibition notice before he was stopped .
AC Milan and AC Milan will face each other in the Champions League quarter-finals . The two sides had met twice in the knockout stages in 2005 . Flares rained down from the stands on to the San Siro pitch and forced referee Markus Merk to abandon the competition . But interest has barely stirred as the two sides meet once more on Sunday .
Mehdi Ballouchy's second half strike put an end to a run of just one win from the first five matches . New York City FC will be under no illusion about the task in hand . The Big Apple sports fans have been quick to adopt City’s plans . It will take more time for the club to really catch light . David Villa came off at half time with a hamstring strain here .
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes left to play . Villarreal drew 1-1 with Getafe in Sunday's clash at the Cemtro Clinic in Madrid . Argentine had a serious looking injury after running for the ball . A Diego Castro header gave the visitors the lead after 64 minutes .
NAC Breda were rooted to the bottom of the Eredivisie . The home side had given up a two-goal lead against FC Dordrecht . Robert Maaskant threw a right hook to the side of the dugout on Saturday .
Diego Maradona scored the winner in a friendly match in Bogota on Friday . The 1986 World Cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman . Argentina legend was applauding fans after the match and took a swipe at a nearby cameraman during the match .
Bournemouth secured a third successive win at the Madejski Stadium . Manager Eddie Howe described the win as 'nervy' with 'what’s at stake it was always going to be that way' The Cherries have won just one of their last six games in all competitions .
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the FA Cup semi-final . Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday as Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge . Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp is leaving the club this summer . Wenger also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Klopp as 'ridiculous'
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games – six from six in the Champions League . The striker is starting to look like £75m very well spent in this Champions League semi-final . He has established himself as the most feared front three of Messi, Samuel Eto'o and Thierry Henry . Barcelona are within two games of the Berlin final on June 6 .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been suspended by the French league's disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee last month . The Swede lost his temper following a 3-2 defeat at Bordeaux in the league on March 15 . Ibrahimovic insulted Lionel Jaffredo and an expletive to describe France . Striker will miss his side's matches against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes .
Liverpool reach FA Cup semi-final with 1-0 win over Blackburn Rovers . Simon Mignolet insists Reds players are not feeling the pressure of trying to give Steven Gerrard a dream send-off . The final, against either Arsenal or Reading, will be staged on May 30 .
Wayne Rooney has revealed how he is captaining the Manchester United team 'his own way' Louis van Gaal handed Rooney the armband last summer . The 28-year-old has also played alongside leaders Steven Gerrard and John Terry for the national side . Rooney's dressing-room speeches tend to be off the cuff at Old Trafford .
Binky has opened up her closet to give Sloane Rangers a helping hand . She has been in the cast of the hit E4 programme since 2011 . Blonde has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox to share tips .
Boca Juniors secured a 2-0 victory against Chilean side Palestino . Leandro Marin headed the Argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute . Jonatan Calleri sealed all three points in the 11th minute of time added on . River Plate will face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16 .
Robert Durst has sent a letter to a Los Angeles Times reporter that shares no details about his alleged crime, but observations about life in Los Angeles . Molly Hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the West Coast newspaper, received the letter, in which he mentions his taste for opera and pro football . The letter, which does not speak about his impending extradition to California, touches on various topics of conversation related to LA .
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am . She was flung into the air before appearing to land on her head . Driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her . Amazingly, the girl suffered minor injuries and has been released .
Deutsche Bank survey shows Australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . The survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the US dollar . It found that Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US 1 .
Two French men allegedly ignited aerosol spray with a lighter on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3 . The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame . Detectives went to the island and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act .
Sevilla came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg 2-1 . Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, before Carlos Bacca drew the home side level . Suarez then completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort from outside the box on 87 minutes . Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time equaler saving the Italian team from
An Amber Alert was issued after toddler Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women at their home in Des Moines, Washington . Mother, 40, was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in Fife . She managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son .
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera at the airport to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft . 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year . In 2013 El Al Airlines found workers stealing cash, jewelry, iPhones and iPads, which led to six arrests . Of those claims, 2,493 occurred at John F. Kennedy International Airport .
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre farm outside Melbourne with over 150 animals . Her lamb Winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down her hallway went viral . The young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her animals but only until she started Vine last year she's shared these moments with more people than she ever imagined . Ms Husseein spends her days playing, feeding, and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals and some have formed unlikely friendships .
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities . She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab . Officers found hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds .
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine . Pippa topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top . New Balance will contribute 5% of the retail price of sales from these 'Lace Up for the Cure' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness .
Siem de Jong targeting first-team return against Swansea later this month . Dutch midfielder played 45 minutes for Under-21s on Wednesday . De Jong has been plagued by injuries since joining Newcastle from Ajax .
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon . The 28-year-old's phone reportedly contained private texts from the former England midfielder . She tweeted about the mugging, branding them 'lowlifes on bikes'
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season .
Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace Jurgen Klopp, says Piers Morgan . Klopp announced his intention to leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer . The German giants have struggled in the Bundesliga this season, but Morgan insists Klopp is the right man to replace Jose Mourinho .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The 47-year-old was immediately installed as bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City . Premier League champions have no plans to make such a move . Klopp has been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal in the past .
Ashley Young scored Manchester United's first goal and created two more for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling . 29-year-old said the team wanted to keep their noisy neighbours quiet . Louis van Gaal's side beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday .
Dani Alves insists he is not thinking about leaving Barcelona this summer . Brazilian defender has rejected Barca's latest contract offer . Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in the 31-year-old .
Spanish media have celebrated the Spanish defender's 300th game . Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG in the French capital on Wednesday . The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and has made 299 appearances .
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea . Seamus Coleman handled the ball in the penalty box, according to the watching Michael Oliver . Coleman appeared to apologise to the visiting section at the full-time . Roberto Martinez described the game as a 'disaster' and said: 'It was a defeat'
Everton drew 1-1 with Dynamo Kiev in their Europa League clash . Aaron Lennon scored for the Merseyside outfit at Swansea City . The game ended in a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium . Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for their poor season .
The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body . The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics . Sergey Bubka launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping .
Barcelona are set to make a £50m bid for Paul Pogba, according to SPORT . Chelsea are the only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old midfielder . Real Madrid are looking to overhaul their perennial rivals at the top of La Liga . Marseille and Andre-Pierre Gignac will challenge Marseille and PSG . Paris Saint-Germain face a big weekend in the French title race .
Video shows Chihuaa named Foxxy Cleopatra stalking the bearded dragon on a number of ocassions . The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said the pair completely love one another .
A Texas family's home became infested with birds during the video . According to the video maker the birds managed to invade through the chimney . The family remain very calm throughout the video making the filthy discovery .
Keltsie Gerlach was found unharmed in her crib and asleep in the next room . The couple were recently divorced and the victim lived in her Utah apartment alone with her daughter .
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends . The Match of the Day pundit posted a snap on Twitter saying: '12 weeks .. 12st 12 12.4% bodyfat @JoshMchale'
Southampton have struggled since the start of the season . Ronald Koeman feels they have found it hard to score more . Saints have slipped out of the Champions League places . Southampton face Hull on Saturday in the Premier League .
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta in a start-to-finish victory . He held his nerve in Sunday's final round to keep control of the season's first major championship, matching Tiger Woods' record of an 18-under 270 and finishing four shots clear of the field . The 21-year-old admitted that despite never giving up the lead, he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions .
Jordan Spieth won by four shots on Sunday to become the second youngest Masters winner - after Tiger Woods in 1997 . The 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat Rose and Phil Mickelson by four strokes .
Aljaz Bedene unable to dislodge Czech young gun Jiri Vesely in quarter-finals . World No 99 had beat Arthur De Greef of Belgium 6-1 6-4 in Casablanca . He will play Spanish veteran Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-final .
Andy Murray is marrying long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane Cathedral . The couple will be married on Saturday in Murray's hometown . Murray will forego honeymoon to look at new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman .
The world No 1 is set to marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane . Murray's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has announced that she is pregnant . The 27-year-old may have to alter her coaching duties after the birth . It is unclear how this will affect her 26 week per year commitment .
England hooker Tom Youngs sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton . Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good as 14-6 when he came back . No 8 Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break .
Marland Yarde scored decisive try in the 70th minute for Harlequins . Hooker won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn . Quins were overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations .
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of third day in Antigua . Captain Cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into slips . England's opening partner Jonathan Trott is on the move, which is not great .
Sir Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking the record . The former England wicket-taker is one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals . Moeen Ali has been added to the England squad for the remaining Tests . Ben Stokes and Jermaine Boss failed to shine for England in the last 16 .
Alastair Cook fails with the bat again in the second Test in Antigua . England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings against India . James Tredwell picked up four wickets as England went on to win by 295 .
Australia's World Cup-winner must recover from a hamstring injury . Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians . But he tweeted: 'Looks like I'll be out of the rest of @IPL at this stage!'
Golden State Warriors' Steph Curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a practice session . The 27-year-old point guard recorded 94 of his 100 attempts during the practice . Golden State host the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday night at 8pm .
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band . The video shows the players performing debut single 'Spurs!' Spurs have won their last 11 matches as they aim to defend their title . They face New Orleans Pelicans in their final game before kick-off .
The Pacers beat the Washington Wizards 99-95 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . George Hill added 24 to win the second overtime with 27.8 seconds left . Los Angeles Lakers won their final game of the regular season by beating Phoenix Suns 112-101 .
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six matches for Aston Villa . The 24-year-old says it would be 'risky' to suggest one more win would ensure survival . Villa are six points clear of QPR in the Premier League this weekend .
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon . Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute . Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their Premier League winning streak and challenge for the title .
Christian Benteke scored hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against QPR . Hull have enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in? Are Leicester too far back?
Jamie Vardy scored stoppage time winner against West Bromwich Albion . West Bromillion have been bottom of the Premier League since November . Nigel Pearson's side have won two of their last four matches .
Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is back in their own hands . Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals against West Brom . Leicester are currently just three points behind Hull City in the Premier League . They play five of their final seven fixtures at home .
Jamie Vardy scored injury-time winner against West Brom at The Hawthorns . Victory gives Nigel Pearson's side slim chance of survival in Premier League . Leicester secure second consecutive win to bring safety into view for first time in a long time .
Incident saw Branislav Ivanovic struck on the head by a cigarette lighter . Incident occurred during Chelsea's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday . QPR unlikely to face disciplinary action over incident at Loftus Road .
Chris Ramsey's side hold off Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road . Ramsey then saw Cesc Fabregas' late winner in west London derby . QPR manager turned away from pitch to collect his thoughts . Chelsea remain in relegation zone two points clear of Arsenal .
Daniel Wass available for £3.5million and has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year . The 25-year-old flyer can play at right back, left back or either wing . Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest but Wass is keen to try his luck in the Premier League and with Mark Hughes .
Marko Arnautovic equalises after Aaron Cresswell gives Stoke a 2-2 draw at Upton Park . It is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the Hammers ninth-placed . Stoke have lost their last three home games against West Ham United, Manchester United and Tottenham .
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow the club's survival attempts . The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats . He celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last weekend .
The 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, Colorado Rapids, on July 29 . The fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that Tottenham will play outside of Europe . Mauricio Pochettino is looking forward to returning to the US after a three-match tour last summer .
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football . The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study into the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia . But a Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out . West Brom paid tribute to the former Baggies striker on 'Astle Day'
West Ham midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate wary of facing champions Manchester City on Sunday . City's title defence has been left in tatters following four defeats in six matches, thrashed 4-2 at rivals Manchester United last weekend . Senegal international says 'we mustn't forget who we are up against' but will be ready to inflict more pain on Manuel Pellegrini's men .
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season . But the striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at West Ham . Cole came close to joining West Brom in January after his failed bid .
Lionel Messi has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career . The Bhoys failed to qualify for the elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in the play-off round . Celtic Park is famous for it's electrifying atmosphere during Champions League nights . Messi says he has sampled this first hand with Barcelona in 2008, 2012 and 2013 .
Celtic could win the Scottish Premiership title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 . Parkhead side will face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear . Aberdeen will also face St Johnstone in their final game, with the top six completed by a Dundee derby on May 24 .
Scottish Professional Football League moves Rangers-Hearts clash with Hearts back to Saturday, May 2 . Rangers take on Livingston in Scottish Championship on May 3 . Hibs hit out at move, claiming it would place league's sporting integrity at risk .
Rangers drew 1-1 with Livingston in the Energy Assets Arena . Stuart McCall was left ruing the explosive impact of Myles Hippolyte . Marius Zaliukas raced up the park two minutes later to restore parity with a clever back-header .
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992 . The Spanish giants are out on top in the club scoring charts, with Bayern Munich coming in third with 349 goals and Manchester United fourth with 343 . Lionel Messi is the joint-most in the tournament with 75 goals against United, Arsenal and Bayer Leverkusen .
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday . Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the four-time winners . Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for PSG with a deflected effort . PSG travel to Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21 .
Atletico Madrid striker Mario Mandzukic has denied claims Real Madrid defender Daniel Carvajal bit him during Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final match . Real defender was asked by the Spanish media if he had bitten Manduzkic . Referee Milorad Mazic said: 'There is no controversy, no bite, no nothing' Real take on Deportivo in the return leg next Wednesday .
Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months . Striker Romelu Lukaku remains a major doubt for Everton's trip to the Swans . Darron Gibson, Bryan Oviedo and Tony Hibbert definitely absent .
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test for Southampton . Belgian withdrew from the national squad because of the injury . Steven Davis is a doubt for Saturday's Premier League clash .
Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor in the Premier League (Saturday 3pm) Matt Taylor could return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off . Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list . Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests .
Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool's Melwood base for training on Wednesday morning . Fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . Ibe was pictured arriving at Melwood just seconds after Sterling arriving . Brendan Rodgers questioned Sterling's professionalism on Monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house .
Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . Brendan Rodgers questioned Sterling's professionalism after footage emerged of him and team-mate Jordon Ibe smoking a shisha pipe . The matter will be dealt with internally but Sterling is not going to be fined . Arsenal have gone cold on Sterling after he said in an interview that he was 'flattered' to be linked with Arsenal .
Wiggins will bid for the hour record on June 7 at London's Olympic Velodrome . The four-time Olympic champion finished his Team Sky career at Paris-Roubaix last Sunday . He will then race in next month's inaugural Tour de Yorkshire for his eponymous team .
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire . Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 . Former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cyclist fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand last summer .
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky in Paris-Roubaix . Briton is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad, 'Wiggins' German John Degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a 151-mile trek which took in 27 tortuous cobbled spells .
Sam Bennett was injured after a mass pile-up at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic . The 24-year-old Bora-Argon 18 cyclist was taken to hospital after the crash . Former NetApp-Endura racer took to Instagram after the race to upload pictures from his hospital bed .
George Bailey to join Sussex for second half of their T20 Blast campaign . Batsman will also be available in Royal London Cup . Mahela Jayawardene will be Sussex's overseas player .
Chelsea, Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, and MLS sides New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will take part in the tournament . The full details will be revealed at a press conference on April 28 . Manchester United made history in its last visit to the States by breaking the country’s soccer attendance record .
Valencia are now within a point of Atletico Madrid with seven games to play . The La Liga champions last won La Liga in 2004 under Rafa Benitez . La Liga leaders Sevilla are second on 75 points after a 2-0 lead at home to Sevilla .
Inter Milan are set to turn to Liverpool duo Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if their pursuit of Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure fails . The Premier League champions rejected several bids from Inter last summer . Roberto Mancini remains keen on the duo he worked with while at the club .
Alberto Bueno is set to face former club Real Madrid at the end of the season . The Derby striker is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga with just five goals in 29 games . He has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto . Real are coached by Spanish team-mate Julen Lopetegui and are ready to poach him .
Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad on Monday night at Blackburn . Liverpool striker faces a fight to be fit for FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . Steven Gerrard could return at Wembley after seeing out last game of suspension against Newcastle .
Real Madrid and Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead to Sevilla . Mundo Deportivo led on Barcelona slipping up, describing a 'magic' first half . Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . La Gazzetta Sportiva's boss Massimiliano Allegri said his side 'deserved defeat'
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique . Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Sevilla with a 14-month unbeaten home record in La Liga . Neymar doubled the lead before Gameiro equalised shortly after half-time . Denis Suarez started on the bench as Sevilla loanees Gerard Deulofeu were dropped .
Former Holland forward Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord next season . The 34-year-old signed a one-year deal with the club, but said his stay will likely be longer . Kuytting retired from international football in October after finishing third at last year's World Cup . He made 104 appearances for the Netherlands and scored 24 goals .
Utrecht drew 1-1 with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard on Sunday . Australia international Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted . Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion as Duplan appeared to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch .
Chelsea are in talks over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz . Belgian side have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer . Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland and have been looking at other link-ups across Europe . Nemanja Matic is the only regular first-team player currently on loan with Dutch club .
Aaron Ramsey fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead at Turf Moor in the 12th minute . The Gunners have won at Sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester City and now Burnley . Ramsey's goal was the best run since The Invincibles team managed it in 2004 . Arsene Wenger's side are currently fourth in the Premier League table . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Jordan Spieth recorded the lowest 36-hole score at the Masters . The result matches the largest halfway score recorded at a major championship . Spiesth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes, matching the best 36 under par score at Augusta .
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history . He set a new 36-hole total of 14 under par, beating the old mark of 13 under set by Ray Floyd in 1976 . Johnson is the first man to have three eagles in one round . The 21-year-old will start the third round seven behind fellow American Charley Hoffman .
Richar Abril pulled out of WBA lightweight division on April 18 with dengue fever . Derry Mathews will go head-to-head with Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title . Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division .
Josh Warrington will box in Leeds with Vinnie Jones on Saturday . Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne entered the ring with Floyd Mayweather before he fought Canelo Alvarez at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas in September 2013 . Nathan Cleverly, Andrew Flintoff and Raul Hirales were also involved .
Manny Pacquaio is gearing up for his welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history . The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at his Wild Card gym . His trainer, Freddie Roach, believes Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Mayweather in Las Vegas than he did in 2010 .
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday . The unbeaten U.S. boxer revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot . Garcia took his professional record to 29-0 with 17 KOs . Click here for more boxing news .
Andy Murray marries Kim Sears, his girlfriend of almost 10 years, in Dunblane, Scotland, on Saturday . The couple, both 27, met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005 . Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Searrs was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel . His engagement was confirmed last November after a brief split .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the 147lbs welterweight limit when he weighed in for mandatory check 30 days before the fight . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals . Xabi Alonso would be only second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at Liverpool and Real Madrid . Bayern must overcome Porto, who are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year .
Benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the Champions League . The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season . Rodriguez has said 'it's a pleasure to work with' Carlo Ancelotti .
Diego Simeone has signed a new four-year deal with Atletico until 2019 . The Argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players . He was just about to return from a cruciate ligament injury that had sidelined him for three months . Atleti face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night .
Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Diego Simeone as one of the world's best coaches . Atletico Madrid host rivals Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday . The Italian has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby . Gareth Bale is set to return to the first team after missing Real's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday .
Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal . Arsene Wenger refused to shake the hand of Monaco coach after 3-1 win . The Serie A champions take on Juventus in the quarter-finals on Tuesday .
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday evening . Tevez has scored six Champions League goals this season . The 31-year-old is worshipped by the Juventus fans at the Juventus Stadium .
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Champions League quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona on Wednesday night . All-English officials team at the Parc des Princes will be Simon Beck and Jake Collin, additional assistants Anthony Taylor and Andre Marriner and Stuart Burt will be completing the all-English team . Clatenburg chose not to send off Vincent Kompany in Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford .
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match against AS Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday . Allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach . The French side have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals .
Former Manchester United and City striker says defending is better in Italy . Tevez insists it's now 'much more difficult' to score in Serie A than England . Argentine has 36 league goals in the Italian league since leaving in 2013 .
Parma pulled off biggest surprise of the season as they beat Juventus 1-0 . Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark . A string of fine saves from Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped . Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid . Genoa beat relegation-threatened Cagliari 2-0 .
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target for a trio of English Championship clubs . Law scored twice in the 4-0 win against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Former Rangers starlet Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for Brentford this season after his £850,000 January move .
Callum Wilson puts Cherries 2-0 ahead with sublime finish in 81st minute . Yann Kermorgant hits wonderful free-kick which wrong-footed David Stockdale . Cherries move four points clear at the top of the Championship .
Championship side Blackburn were eliminated from the FA Cup on Wednesday night by Brendan Rodgers' Liverpool . Rovers boss Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players following their run to the quarter-finals . The manner in which they dispatched those two matches, coupled with the fact they frustrated Liverpool for the majority of the 180 minutes, is unlikely to have gone unnoticed by bigger clubs plotting their summer spending .
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday night . The Uruguayan international is Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition . Lionel Messi shared a picture of the duo inside the Parc des Princes . PSG are currently the second highest scorers on the continent . Real Madrid are the top scorers in Europe with 1,016 goals to their name .
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager . Bayern Munich take on Porto on Wednesday night and are without Bastian Schweinsteiger, Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben . The iconic town with its genteel ambience played its part in continental Europe overhauling the English clubs .
The Royals face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . Reading are hoping to make the final for the first time in their history . They overcame Bradford with a 3-0 replay win over League One side Bradford . Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion .
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave this summer . The German club have called a press conference for Wednesday . Klopp is understood to be exhausted after a difficult season at the club . Arsenal and Manchester City are also on alert for Klopp's situation .
Liverpool and Everton honoured the 96 supporters who died at Hillsborough . The 26th Hillsborough memorial service was typically poignant and emotional . Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended . Former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher were also present .
Stephen Dodd posted picture of two Muslim men praying at Anfield last month . Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against Muslim supporter . Mr Bodi, 46, claims he is a long-standing Liverpool supporter and has right to criticise them .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Wednesday . Luis Suarez scored three goals in his first 12 games for Barcelona . Edinson Cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage for PSG . Neymar and Lionel Messi are the most in-form in world football . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury . Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties after 120 minutes at the BayArena . But he had to be restrained by pitchside staff after the match after the game . The 34-year-old appeared to aim a headbutt at a member of the stadium staff . Spahc will issue an apology to the public prosecutor in Cologne .
Police say they have no objections to Sunday's Manchester derby . Everton v Liverpool was chosen for a 5.30pm start but withdrew objections . Police in Manchester have met supporters groups representing each club . The last time City met in a late kick-off was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011 . 34 arrests were made due to crowd trouble outside the stadium .
Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach French Cup final . Zlatan Ibrahimovic took his career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago . Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as PSG advanced . The capital side will face Auxerre in the final at Stade de France on May 30 .
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes left to play in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park . The Reds will face Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the competition . Liverpool set up a replay with a game to spare after their defeat by Championship side Blackburn .
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in recent days . The 20-year-old is the second Liverpool player to be seen smoking a pipe . Brendan Rodgers will also suggest he needs to choose between nitrous oxide and the privacy of his own home . Kyle Walker is the only player to have been spotted smoking in the summer .
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend . The 23-year-old is yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team . Manor have naturally had teething problems since administration . Stevens and Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap .
Castleford's Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in Saturday's win over Hull KR . The Australian winger is set to be out for up to two months . Castleford coach Daryl Powell said the operation is 'probably the best-case scenario'
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012 . The Dorset-born 24-year-old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici . 'I will soon begin a new journey representing the Republic of Moldova at all International competitions and hopefully the Rio Olympic games and beyond, should I qualify,' Cook wrote on his Facebook page .
Wasps player was initially suspended for three matches after disciplinary panel ruled he had been 'reckless' Fiji-born winger George North was knocked out in the third time in two months . Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded .
Toulon reached the Champions Cup semi-finals against Wasps on Sunday . The Cote d'Azur had Frederic Michalak's unerring boot and Ali Williams' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy . No side has ever won three European titles on the trot, though Leicester and Munster have previously registered back-to-back triumphs .
Ali Williams crossed for a late try for Toulon . Wasps were knocked out of the Champions Cup after a punishing weekend . New Zealander's try came minutes after he should have been sin-binned .
Michael Phelps will return to the pool in Arizona next week following his six-month ban for drink-driving . The 29-year-old is the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals, 18 golds . He was suspended by USA Swimming in September after police caught him travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore, Maryland .
Western Australian Milinda Gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29 . He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip . After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry . The West Australian was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill but the charges were amended .
Authorities in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims . William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged 5 and 6 in Oklahoma . Police said that they believed there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old .
Caroline Wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in Indiana alongside NFL star J.J. Watt on Monday . The game between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin's Badgers took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana . Caroline was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll .
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll . The event takes place every year on the lawn outside, inviting children and their parents to come and hunt for eggs . Obama seemed to give a fairly good account of himself against the two-time US Open runner-up .
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun in August 2013 . His parents, Donna and Peter Lane listened to frantic 911 call made by Oklahoma resident . Chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder on Wednesday .
Pablo Osvaldo has urged Italian legends Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti to join him at Argentinian giants Boca Juniors . The 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton and has scored three goals in six games since joining from Southampton . 'The Bombonera would go absolutely crazy for players like them,' he says .
Terrifying incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel . Six passengers on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape flames . Incident declared State of Emergency Level 3 - highest level of danger .
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating City in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford . Robin van Persie will not return to the fray as United take on local rivals City on Sunday . 'Most of the players are fit but being fit for me is different,' says Van Gaal .
Manchester City and Louis van Gaal's sides are in contrasting forms going into the Old Trafford clash . Sportsmail looks at how a composite Xi of the sides might take shape . David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper slot . Pablo Zabaleta is the best right back either side can boast . Vincent Kompany remains the No 1 choice .
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday . City have won the last four matches between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford . Can Manuel Pellegrini survive a derby defeat to their rivals? Click here for Manchester City transfer news .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he has less fear of facing Aston Villa than City . The Dutchman lost his first Manchester derby against City last November . United are one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford . Click here for all the latest Manchester United news .
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table . He says Louis van Gaal has a career as a manager where his teams are always offensive teams, teams that win titles everywhere . Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and have not won away since mid-February .
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday . Wayne Rooney has been deployed in midfield this season . Louis van Gaal is set to unleash an in-form Rooney in Sunday's derby . Rooney is the most significant threat to City prospects at Old Trafford .
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal . The 20-yard volley gave the Black Cats the lead in the Wear-Tyne derby . Jamie Carragher claims Krul made a 'mistake' and 'thought it was a mistake' Former Liverpool defender says Krul looks 'like one of my own team'
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday . Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the first half to secure the win . The 32-year-old says he has missed the Premier League due to games like this . He has compared the feeling of scoring at the World Cup to a World Cup goal .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Sunday . Jermain Defoe scored the winner with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute . The striker admits he had to question that it was even happening . It was the club's third home league win of the season, but a fifth successive victory over Newcastle .
Sunderland defeated Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby . John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation . Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in stoppage time to secure the win .
Jermain Defoe put Sunderland into a 1-0 lead in the 45th minute with a left-footed volley . Newcastle keeper Tim Krul was unable to do anything about the strike as he watches it fly into the net . Larsson, Gomez and Larsson were fortunate not to be sent off for Newcastle at the St James' Park .
Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens . Judge said the boy's parents accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar, which had caused tooth decay . The boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago when an NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth .
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy were left to play in the front garden by their owners Adele and Steven Worgan . They were snatched when the couple weren't looking and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV .
Poll found that "every female user of mass transit has been a victim” of “gender harassment or sexual assault” – even though some are “unaware" of this because they have been conditioned to accept low-level abuse . Harassment can range from ‘insults to other intimidating behaviour (insistent flirting, whistling, comments on appearance), to sex attacks or rape'
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she knitted especially for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal . Reading will swap the Madejski Stadium for Wembley in the FA Cup final . The club will play Arsenal in the final on Saturday in a replay .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he was 'surprised and shocked' by the online abuse aimed at Balotelli . Anti-discrimination body Kick It Out revealed 4,000 racist messages on social media this season . Liverpool forward Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also received more than a thousand discriminatory messages . Stoke goalkeeper Simon Mignolet believes players must learn to handle the problem . 'Social media is something worldwide and you can't control it yourself really but you have to accept it. The spotlight is on you so
The 20-year-old beat the previous record of 58.46 set by South African Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics . A tweet from British Swimming read: 'WORLD RECORD time for @adam-peaty he hits the wall in 57.92.'
Dion Dublin joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series . He looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford . Presenters follow house buyers from the auction room, through the troublesome process of renovating the houses they have bought . Finally a selection of local estate agents visit the property, value it and the buyers discover if they have made themselves a profit .
Manchester United travel to Chelsea ahead of Saturday's clash at Stamford Bridge . Louis van Gaal's side have enjoyed a six-game winning streak at top-four . Robin van Persie, Michael Carrick and Radamel Falcao could start up front .
Louis van Gaal called it the 'worst scenario' he had in his favoured striking role . Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea . Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out injured . Robin van Persie is not ready to return from injury . Manchester United travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon .
Seasiders fan Frank Knight posted a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year . Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online . Supporters have been protesting against the club before matches and then not attending the games .
Shay Given will start against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final . The 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition . Villa boss Tim Sherwood said he will keep faith with his deputy . Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy .
Luke Shaw had kept Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain reasonably quiet in FA Cup tie . Louis van Gaal told Shaw he was not fit enough to play for Manchester United . £28million defender is struggling to come to terms with his new life . Shaw has not played since being withdrawn from the recent England squad .
Liverpool signed Philippe Coutinho from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013 . The Brazilian playmaker was underused at the San Siro before being sold . Inter Milan sporting director Piero Ausilio has admitted being left feeling 'sad'
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months . The 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents . He also attempted to rob two men after drinking heavily at a party .
John Carver says he's enjoying his job at Newcastle despite all setbacks . The 50-year-old has won just two games in all competitions to date . Pardew's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games . Fans are desperate for him not to be named manager and want him to stay .
Wales climb to 22, their highest-ever position, in the April rankings . Wales are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June . Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is starting to fly .
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16 on Friday . The teenage winger got his big chance due to an injury to Tom Briscoe . Rhinos simply oozed confidence on the back of their five-match winning run . Leeds have lost just one game in their opening 11 Super League matches .
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun animal . Elephants invaded the village in the Murshidabad district of India . They tried to coax the animals back into the forest when one suddenly became violent . Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das on Tuesday .
Mesut Ozil is playing his best football since joining Arsenal in the summer of 2013 . The German playmaker says 10 years of consistently playing football took its toll . Ozil says the injury worked in his favour, claiming it 'worked in my favour' The 26-year-old has hailed his performances down to his strength training .
Tragedy happened as pilot was trying to land the plane at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport around 4.30pm on Sunday . Plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway before bursting into flames . Eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the Piper PA-31 aircraft coming into land .
Martin Fletcher claims Bradford City's Valley Parade blaze was not an accident . He has revealed sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time . Judge says fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette . The fire broke out near half-time of Bradford's game against Lincoln on May 11, 1985 .
An underground electrical fire is blamed for a blast that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street . The second of three explosions sent one of the manhole flying flying high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times . No one was injured .
The jury that voted Wednesday to send Aaron Hernandez to prison on Wednesday want the world to know that they gave him a fair trial . The jury and alternate jurors say down with CNN's Anderson Cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for three months . When asked if they knew Hernandez before the trial started, most of the jury raised their hands .
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland, where he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help . The green-eyed moggy contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .
Bronze sculpture is to honour Yu The Great, founder of China's first dynasty in 2070 BC . Over the decade that statue has been in place, people have been fondling the woman's exposed breast . Yu the Great is thought to have lived between 2,200–2,100 BCE, and is credited with uniting the nine early provinces .
Ex-trainer John Hargrove used the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . In the five-minute video, Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . SeaWorld said they were given the video by an 'internal whistle-blower' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated 'immediately' SeaWorld released a book last week criticizing the company's treatment of animals 
Video maker and artist holds up two plastic cups that he has stacked into one another . Drawn on inside is a head and torso and pictured on the outside are a selection of haircuts . The video maker selects an afro, then stacks a third cup, which has outfits drawn onto it, including a jacket, a t-shirt and a bikini .
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers to get a trim . Stains’ owner says Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine . At this point, its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted for half its coat to be shaved .
The lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was captured by a visitor at Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick . The seven-second video shows the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the park . It has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel .
Grandparents have pleaded for the safe return of Dullel Kassab, 28, from Melbourne to the Islamic State capital in Syria . The 28-year-old mother fled Melbourne with her children last year . In social media posts she boasts about her children's distaste for non-believers .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats, but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . Let's hope the two children she lives with don't follow her lead and they learn to love their greens .
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick . The pup lies lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws . She then proceeds to lift the ball into the air being careful not to drop it .
Arsenal forward has scored 25 goals for the Gunners since the start of last season . His last goal was a dramatic extra-time winner against Burnley at Turf Moor . Ramsey dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away . Arsenal face Reading in FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Wednesday .
Jessica Ennis-Hill has confirmed she will return to compete in July . The 29-year-old became a national hero when she won heptathlon gold . She has not competed since the same event in 2013 and gave birth last summer . But her return sets up the prospect of a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson . Mo Farah will also compete in the Diamond League event in Beijing .
Belgian teenager is one of the best talents to emerge from Anderlecht's youth set-up . The 14-year-old rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12 . City have held discussions with chairman Roger Vanden Stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package .
Free agent has been training with Blackpool this week . 25-year-old is expected to be confirmed as a campaign in League One next season .
Roland Giroux puts his blood parrot cichlid in the tank and cups it with his hand . The man then takes the fish to the surface as he massages and plays with it for 15 minutes a day . It is a hybrid of the midas and red echidna .
Teacher Aaron Galloway was on half-term city break to Prague when he left camera . Ground crew phoned flight attendants within minutes but there was no sign of the £499 Nikon . He went on eBay to find replacement and was astonished to see the camera for sale . Police raided his home and found the D5200 Nikon in his pocket . Viseu was charged with theft of the camera and stealing a Kindle .
Alvaro Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer . The deal included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club . Manchester City scouts watched FC Porto's surprise 3-1 Champions League win over Bayern Munich on Wednesday .
Tottenham could yet secure another season in the Europa League . But Mauricio Pochettino says Europa League participation will hamper their top four hopes . Tottenham have been knocked out of this season's competition by Burnley .
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer . The full back has become a forgotten man since suffering a knee injury . Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep the Liverpudlian at Anfield . Click here for more Liverpool news .
Rory McIlroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par . World No 1 Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta with a four-shot win . Tiger Woods finished six shots behind the eventual winner .
Maria Sharapova has been forced to pull out of Russia's semi-final against Germany in Sochi with a leg injury . The Russian Tennis Federation said on Tuesday that she was looking forward to playing in the city where she grew up . Her last appearance was in the Miami Open at the end of March, where she lost to compatriot Daria Gavrilova in straight sets . Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Svetlana Kuznetsova and Elena Vesnina have all been picked for Russian .
Sania Mirza beat Martina Hingis 6-0, 6-4 to win the Family Circle Cup . The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to win a WTA doubles title . Her run of winning 14 successive doubles matches will see her leapfrog Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci at the top of the rankings .
Angelique Kerber won the Family Circle Cup 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 on Sunday . This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013 . Kerber trailed 4-1 in the final set, with the American winning 12 of the next 16 .
Mercedes were forced to tackle head on the tension that rose between them . Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday . Rosberg said his team-mate was 'selfish' following their one-two finish .
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says team may have to make 'unpopular calls' Remark comes in the wake of Nico Rosberg's moaning over radio . Rosberg accused world champion of being selfish during Chinese GP .
Lewis Hamilton is bidding to win his first World Championship title . Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg accused Hamilton of being selfish . Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself .
Lewis Hamilton was criticised by Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg on Sunday . Rosberg claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race . Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda insist the eventual one-two was the best result for the team . Hamilton leads the Drivers' Championship by 13 points with four races remaining .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had their say on the row at Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix . Hamilton was strident saying the difference is that he is a 'racer' and Rosberg is not . The verbal spat played out at the press conference as the two protagonists sat side by side . Rosberg denied he had done anything wrong following the incident .
Wasps ran out comfortable winners 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium . Tom Varndell, Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua crossed for the Exiles . The Exile side trailed 12-5 at half-time after Opeti Fonua bundled over .
Aaron Cook is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class . His citizenship change has been ratified by the British Olympic Association . The move appears to have taken Cook under the wing of the Moldovan Taekwondo Federation .
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio, although he won't swim in the world championships this summer . The 18-time Olympic champion served a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall . 'I don't think it's too hard to really realize why I came back,' he said . He was reinstated to the US team for worlds, but it would have meant removing swimmers that were named to them in his absence .
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to ignore their relegation rivals . The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety . Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline . But Leicester remain bottom of the Premier League table .
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . Here Sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field .
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Wednesday . Leigh Griffiths scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his side to victory . The win takes them eight points clear at the top of the Premiership .
Rangers have been fined £5,500 by the Scottish Football Association . Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers . He loaned the club a £5million loan which remains outstanding . Derek Llambias and Barry Leach sat as directors until King forced them out .
Pictures leaked by website FootyHeadlines show grey and yellow away kit . Home kit to feature three grey stripes for next year . The grey touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped .
Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova will play for her country against Germany in Fed Cup semi-finals this month . The Russian Tennis Federation said its team would consist of Andrea Petkovic, Angelique Kerber, Sabine Lisicki and Julia Goerges . Russia and two-time winners Germany met only twice in the Fed Cup since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for March . Manchester United midfielder scored both United's goals against Liverpool . Mata also scored an acrobatic kick for the winner against Tottenham .
US President met world-class sprinter Usain Bolt in Jamaica this week . Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time . Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was 'truly a great honour meeting the President of United States of America'
Six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship in the Bahamas on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team . Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud'
Michael Phelps is entered in five events this week after serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction . The April 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top U.S. swimmers, including Ryan Lochte . Speculation is rife that the 29-year-old swimmer is considering an Olympic comeback at the 2016 Rio Games .
Louis van Gaal has ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights at Manchester United's Carrington training ground . Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during training . If they are due to play a night match he would like to train under lights .
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring glory days to Manchester United . United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches at Stamford Bridge . Van Gaal is looking to strengthen in the summer with United already linked to a number of top players .
Andy Murray posted on Twitter a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers . The couple visited the venue on Friday to run through rehearsals . Preparations are well underway at Dunblane's Cathedral on Saturday . Murray will also take a look at prospective new assistant Jonas Bjorkman .
Emmanuel Adebayor has insisted that he is happy to stay at Tottenham and rejected reports linking him with a move away . The Togo striker took to Twitter on Tuesday night to declare the Premier League 'the best in the world' The 31-year-old has made just 10 appearances in all competitions this season and scored only twice .
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages . Togolese striker is out of favour under current manager Mauricio Pochettino . 31-year-old is willing to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary before accepting a move .
Wolfsburg dominated but needed a second-half penalty to beat Freiburg 1-0 . The win secured the win for Rodriguez who also scored twice against Stuttgart . Kevin De Bruyne missed several good chances, as did Andre Schurrle . Holders Bayern Munich play Bayer Leverkusen in the all-Bundesliga .
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday . The 24-year-old admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him . Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach .
David Luiz came off the bench in the build-up to Luis Suarez's two goals . PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . Former England manager Glenn Hoddle believes the Brazilian is a 'liability at the back' Hoddle also believes Laurent Blanc should consider a central midfield role .
Chelsea welcome Manchester United to Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Aston Villa and Liverpool clash at Wembley in FA Cup semi-final . Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart .
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg . The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said . Only 15 outfield players travelled to Portugal on Thursday with injured Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba .
Porto's win over Bayern Munich has been celebrated in Portugal by their media . Ricardo Quaresma scored two goals against the German giants . Abola simply wrote: 'Superb!' Bayern will take a mountain to climb in the return leg next week .
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday night in Portugal . Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to become manager . Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract in Germany but Champions League exit could help persuade his employers to let him go this summer .
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 on Saturday . The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in his last six games for Villa . He has been rejuvenated under Tim Sherwood, scoring a goal every 87 minutes since the new Villa manager took over . Despite cast-iron evidence, he does not practise free-kicks .
Former Dartford goalkeeper Jason Brown was racially abused in October last year . Kick It Out, who work within football to promote equality and encourage inclusive practices, met the player to discuss the matter in full . He was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees . Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case at Bristol Rovers last October . But Kick it Out has responded to Brown's concerns following his conviction at Bristol Magistrates Court .
Torpedo Moscow must play their next two home games behind closed doors . The punishment will not take effect until May due to racism and crowd violence . Club are already due to play next two games behind-close doors for separate incidents after fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants .
AC Milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its under-10 youth teams as 'simply unacceptable' Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly heckled and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain . Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'
Kevin Pietersen has scored a comprehensive win with the England and Wales Cricket Board . KP's agents have helped him outplay the ECB's army of media personnel . Agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland in 2012 . Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as technical director of elite coaching .
The 26-year-old rides The Druids Nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month's Cheltenham Festival . Coleman's two latest rides have seen him unseated from a hampered The Rainbow Hunter .
Ben Flower helped Wigan to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension . Wane: 'I was a bit apprehensive for him but I thought he looked really well, he's not done anything for six months'
Ben Flower made his return from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia in October's Grand Final defeat by St Helens . The Wigan winger scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . Sam Tomkins will join Warrington on a four-year deal from New Zealand Warriors .
Sam Tomkins is set to rejoin Wigan on a four-year contract from 2016 . The Wigan chairman made the announcement at half-time in the derby with Warrington on Thursday night . Tomkins left Wigan at the end of 2013 Grand Final triumph with the Auckland-based Warriors after becoming homesick .
Liverpool's first-choice right-back at the World Cup looks set to leave Liverpool after six years . Kolo Toure is another regular at Liverpool who is still to extend his contract . Lukasz Fabianski could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side .
Pearson has taken advice from Wilkinson, who he played under at Sheffield Wednesday, as Leicester battle the drop . Foxes host Swansea on Saturday looking for third straight win . Pearson comes under the spotlight after a foul-mouthed spat with fan and bizarre touchline altercation with Crystal Palace's James McArthur .
Former QPR chairman has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company . Bradford have been one of the great success stories of the season . Gianni Paladini has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung .
Jenna Louise Driscoll was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but didn't show up . Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they found three videos on her mobile phone . The videos allegedly show the 25-year-old allegedly having sex with a dog . After her second fail to appear, police issued an arrest warrant .
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground following his one-on-one miss against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday . The £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on Wednesday morning . It comes after the club gave Bale just five out of 10 while AS awarded him one star . Bale should have 'kept his cool' and has a 'mental block', says captain Iker Casillas .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin injury . Midfielder has been ruled out of FA Cup semi-final against Reading . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is not certain that the England midfielder will be back in full training by end of next week .
Diafra Sakho is West Ham's runaway top scorer this season with 12 goals . 25-year-old was substituted in 1-1 draw with Stoke City at Upton Park . Senegal international limps off after 59 minutes on Saturday afternoon . Sakho has scored 12 goals in the Barclays Premier League this term .
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season . Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser against Stoke City . The Hammers started strongly against Stoke before wasting their efforts with a lack of concentration late on .
Swansea beat Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park last weekend . Roberto Martinez was lauded as the club's fifth-placed finish last season . But Garry Monk wants the Toffees to continue their impressive form . The Spaniard says it will 'put a different twist on the season'
Garry Monk will hold talks with the former Napoli loanee before making decision on Michu's future . The Swansea boss has been keeping a close eye on the Spaniard during his loan spell at Napoli . Michu said last week he did not know whether he would be returning to the Swans this summer to see out the final year of his contract .
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds' sporting director . Disqualified owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed the Italian's resignation . It comes six days after Steve Thompson was suspended by Elland Road .
Burnley boss Sean Dyche has told Danny Ings to keep on smiling . The 23-year-old has scored just once in six appearances for the Clarets . Dyche said: 'You can't actually get inside someone. When that whistle blows it's down to them to remind themselves of that freedom I speak about'
Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with Aston Villa . Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' dismay . Villa boss Tony Parks did not resist a lively celebration at the final whistle .
Cristiano Ronaldo put Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick against Eibar . It was Ronaldo's 38th league goal of the season and Manchester United loanee Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez scored a second to make it 3-0 for the hosts . Ronaldo had not scored in over a year and Luka Modric was fouled in the middle of the park .
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded . Mundo Deportivo believe a Barca win puts them 'halfway to La Liga' Lionel Messi can reach 400-goal mark if he hits double at Sevilla .
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in La Liga on Saturday . Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal . Striker has scored four times since his January return to the Vicente Calderon .
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet during Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night . The 33-year-old has been booed by the Bernabeu crowd as he is 'morbid' The Champions League winners have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona since defeat at Nou Camp last month .
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany, and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) The dentist claimed to be a 'recognised healer' and said he helped the 'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients' It is thought he believed the operation would help cure Mr S, who lived in woods and only ate raw foods, had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave ECB . Ex-England skipper was sacked after a dismal World Cup this year . Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series .
Anderson needs just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham in his career . The 32-year-old Lancastrian says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible . Anderson took a wicket during England's warm-up match against St Kitts & Nevis .
Moeen Ali will join up with England squad ahead of second West Indies Test after recovering quicker than expected form a rib injury . He averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 during World Cup, which was one of the few glimmers of light during England's disappointing tournament .
Andrew Strauss says Kevin Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket . ECB chairman-elect Colin Graves encouraged Pieterson to return to domestic game after being sacked by Paul Downton last year . Pieterse begins county comeback with Surrey against Oxford University in The Parks on Sunday .
Francis Coquelin was Arsenal's man of the match, says Thierry Henry . Arsenal celebrated their eighth straight Premier League victory with a 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday . Former Gunners striker Henry hailed the 23-year-old 'Columbo' for his display .
Stoke snatched an equaliser deep into stoppage time to earn a 1-1 draw . Sam Allardyce's side took an early lead through full back Aaron Cresswell . But after seeing two efforts from Marko Arnautovic ruled out for offside . Mame Diouf hit the post for West Ham with a header .
Former England striker said 'more people would be able to kick the ball far and straight' on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday . Owen said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season . Former Liverpool team-mate Steve McManaman said: 'We couldn't do what Charlie Adam did (pointing to Savage)'
Manchester City have lost four of their last five games . Manuel Pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season . City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago when they were trying to replace Roberto Mancini . The club do not guarantee the manager will survive but it does not appear they have already made up their mind to sack him .
Arkansas lawyer Sarah Sparkman tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . 'You sound really bitter. If you work as hard as you say you do, you wouldn't bash more successful ppl on twitter,' she infuriated Britt McHenry in a fight . Sparkman was met with a tirade of anger by saying: 'I have nothing against beautiful women being in sports media,' despite not tagging her in the tweet . The reporter was suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling a single mother
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman on the I-26 . She struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'Give me your hands, you're not going out like this today' She was taken to a nearby gas station where EMTs arrived and transported her to hospital for an evaluation .
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running . Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma, while Bogard has pleaded not guilty . The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial .
The women of the University of Southern California-Los Angeles tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on Thursday by winning the PAC-12 championship . Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy . USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4 .
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago . Seven people are critically injured and five others are in hospital . The British punk band Doom are thought to be performing in the venue .
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent . Helicopter and lifeboats were launched to search off coast of Hill Head . It is believed there may have been a sighting of Mr Taylor last night by a passing vessel . Mr Taylor was wearing a wetsuit, navy blue life jacket and beige sun hat .
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration . They migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound . The full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees Celsius .
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine . His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps . Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Jacobs in intensive care .
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final kicked off at Wembley . Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC . Reading's nickname is the Royals, but as the second-tier team are also known as the Biscuitmen .
Juventus moved ever closer to clinching a fourth straight Serie A title . Carlos Tevez opened the scoring after 17 minutes with his 26th of the season . Leonardo Bonucci pushed Juventus 15 points clear of second place with only seven games remaining .
Guy Mowbray's notes for Monday night's Premier League clash between Liverpool and Newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off . He incorrectly predicted 18-year-old midfielder Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start, instead Jordan Ibe returned from injury . The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits .
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne . The two-time world champion won his second race in three races this season . But his celebrations in Shanghai have drawn criticism from sexism campaigners . Object campaign chief executive Roz Hardie said he should apologise .
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back . Hodgson has told him the shirt is his as long as he keeps on performing . The Southampton defender was spotted at a WWE event in London on Monday . He has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United .
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities as a role model at Liverpool . Sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . The 20-year-old has been warned about the consequences of taking a drug called 'hippy crack' The midfielder has been fined once again after the Liverpool boss spoke to him as well as Ibe on Thursday .
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the club captaincy this summer . Former Argentina defender has been captain since 2011 . John Carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season . Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester City in derby on Sunday . Wayne Rooney has revealed United's game plan was to exploit the lack of willing workers in the Barclays Premier League champions' midfield . City are considering letting Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave the club .
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United . The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal . Young is touted for a return to the England set-up .
Paul Ince scores twice as Huddersfield draw 4-4 with Derby . Ince is currently on loan at Derby from Hull City and has been fine form . Derby came from behind to earn a comfortable 4-4 draw . Hantsfield are back-to-back home wins after beating Ipswich last time out . Academy wideman Oscar Gobern nets consolation for visitors .
Manchester City will listen to offers for Yaya Toure in the summer . Ivory Coast midfielder has underperformed and is determined not to be forced out . City boss Manuel Pellegrini has vowed to back the Ivorian until end of the season .
Manchester City lost 4-2 at home to Manchester United on Sunday . Vincent Kompany was substituted before being substituted in the derby . The captain is not guaranteed to return this season after injuring himself . Manuel Pellegrini says he does not feel under pressure over his position . Jurgen Klopp and Jurgen Klipp have been linked with a move to the Etihad .
Lewis Hamilton won Chinese GP but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose . Nico Rosberg says he would do it again 'because I have to answer all these questions' Rosberg admits he 'would do anything different' if he could .
Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola spooked by Russian fire of managers . Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in 2012 . The then-Barcelona coach fired Eden Hazard for £32m and Oscar for £25m . Guardiola must choose his clubs based on his assurances .
Gary Neville believes Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of Jose Mourinho . The Manchester United duo will come face-to-face when they travel to Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday . Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Daley Blind and Marcos Rojo will all miss the trip due to injury . Marouane Fellaini is available for the trip to Stamford Bridge .
Crew scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Finally, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds . Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen masks . Officials have yet to track down the birds' owners .
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, writing: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ He then cracks the smaller egg, which also has a yolk and white inside . The unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . A hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon .
Roma drew 1-1 at home to Atalanta in Serie A on Sunday afternoon . The relegation-threatened side moved level on points with their city rival . Francesco Totti put Roma ahead from the spot after just three minutes .
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with victory against Cagliari . Jose Callejon opened the scoring with a neat one-on-one finish . Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on . The win leaves Napoli in fourth place in Serie A, five points adrift of third place Roma .
Carlo Ancelotti has revealed that Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's game against Malaga on Wednesday . The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee injury in Tuesday's 0-0 Champions League quarter-final first leg tie at Atletico Madrid . Real Madrid striker Isco is expected to replace the injured Benzelema .
Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year, scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year . Biggest single payout was £5,463; the lowest £1 . Passport Office said it could not say how many claims were rejected, partly because of ‘the system failure of our customer complaint database’ Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get their passport documents rushed through .
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, overdosed on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . The child's grandmother found the two parents passed out in the bathroom while the child remained in the tub . Both have been released on personal recognizance bail .
A man fell on Philadelphia's 15th Street Station at 6.40pm on Wednesday night . Bystanders jumped back in shock as a Good Samaritan pushed him onto the tracks . But within a minute, the man jumped up after him and was rescued . The man is expected to survive with minor injuries .
Airbus A330 turned back to Sydney Airport shortly after 11am . Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon .
The cubs were born March 11 at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg . The two young cats are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock . Captured in the video is the jaguars being placed into a bucket full of hay .
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona . Their owner says that 'fat' Clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves .
Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman licking a baby boy . The pup can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash . Some viewers have deemed the clip 'cute' Other viewers have been less impressed by the scene .
Gareth Bale went down injured after just two minutes at the Bernabeu . Bale will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours . The Welshman has not been injured since October of last year . Real won all their games without him with the four-man midfield of Luka Modric, James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos and Isco .
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh, North Carolina . Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, died in the early hours of Sunday . Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital .
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash . The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S . To fix the problem, BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free .
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Miranda . The Brazilian defender admits speculation linking him with a move to Old Trafford 'make me happy' The 30-year-old has started Brazil's last eight matches since 2014 World Cup .
Manchester City have spent £80million on Samir Nasri, Bacary Sagna, Emmanuel Adebayor, Kolo Toure and Gael Clichy . The struggling Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up . Liverpool’s Henderson and Arsenal’s Wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets . Manchester City also have an interest in Liverpool's unsettled forward Raheem Sterling . Frank Lampard is set to leave the club and James Milner is likely to follow him out of the Etihad Stadium
Pedro would command wages of £90,000-a-week - £10,000 less than Liverpool . World Cup winner would also cost considerably less than Raheem Sterling . Pedro is set to start for Barcelona against Almeria on Wednesday . Inter Milan and Bayern Munich have also shown an interest in him . Barcelona cannot sign players until January 2016 if price is right .
Chelsea are favourites to sign Brazilian starlet Kenedy from Fluminense . The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top clubs including Manchester United and Juventus . Transfer news LIVE: Click here for more Chelsea transfer news .
Manchester United striker Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks . Juventus and Inter Milan are among clubs showing interest in the Dutchman . Van Persie is expected to leave Old Trafford at the end of the season . PSG striker Edinson Cavani is also a target for ex-United boss David Moyes .
Manchester United target Mats Hummels is 'at the best age to make the move,' says Franz Beckenbauer . The 26-year-old has been consistently linked with a move to Old Trafford in recent seasons . With Dortmund likely to miss out on European football next season, the defender is considering his future .
Yaya Toure will be offered a five-year contract by Serie A giants in the summer . Former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro . City want to keep Toure, who currently earns £220,000-per-week, and will offer him a new contract at the end of the season .
Borussia Dortmund defender Mats Hummels is contemplating leaving the club . The 26-year-old has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United . 'There's no particular tendency one way or the other. It's just thoughts going through my mind,' he told Sky television following a 1-0 defeat to Bayern Munich at the weekend .
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop . 16-year-old wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi . Arsene Wenger confirmed it had made a 'big offer' for the teenager .
The Box is renowned in Western Australia for its challenging shallow surf break, but also for its world-class waves . Josh Kerr flipped head first into the break, emerging bruised and beaten . Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes .
Steven Gerrard is set to start his 36th game at Wembley on Sunday . Liverpool skipper has flitted in and out of the club this season . 34-year-old last lifted the FA Cup in 2006, when he came on against West Ham .
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . The Irishman played every round of Newcastle's run but was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the 1999 FA Cup final between Newcastle and Manchester United . He was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke with Joe Hart in net .
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer . Spaniard is expected to agree a 12-month extension with the club . Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of the midfielder .
Sean Dyche insists his players will not dive or cheat to prosper under him . Burnley are currently second from the Premier League bottom . The Clarets are fighting for their lives at the bottom of the division .
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March . The move sparked Louis van Gaal's good run of form at Old Trafford . Di Maria missed Manchester United's impressive 3-0 win over Tottenham .
Arsenal defender Calum Chambers signed from Southampton for £16million . The 20-year-old has established himself as a first team regular . Wenger admitted to overplaying Chambers with only Santi Cazorla (45), Alexis Sanchez (44) and Per Mertesacker having appeared more times for the Gunners this campaign . Chambers is determined to see his future in central defence for club and country .
Tim Sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling's face . Aston Villa boss knows his ambitions to beat Liverpool may rest on taming Sterling, a player he tried to sign for Tottenham Hotpur's academy as a schoolboy . Shearwood was wowed by a 14-year-old Sterling at QPR but could not commit the money required to sign him .
Jose Mourinho says it's 'hard but more fun' being manager at Chelsea . Blues boss has been forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books at Stamford Bridge . Premier League leaders have been criticised for hounding match officials .
Newly-released film offers a look into Manny Pacquiao's childhood . 'Kid Kulafu' charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring as a youngster . Soriano spent two years researching the film based on conversations with 36-year-old Pacquio . The film opens in selected cinemas in the US and Canada later this month .
Jordan Spieth becomes the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta . Only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on Friday and Saturday . The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods after a closing 70 .
Rafael Nadal beat Frenchman Lucas Pouille in the Monte Carlo Masters . The great Spaniard got his clay court season off to the perfect start . He will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round .
The duo will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships this summer . Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final . Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over Rafael Nadal .
Novak Djokovic beat qualifier Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 . David Ferrer also through as his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder injury . 11th seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also through after beating Fernando Verdasco . Juan Monaco and Lucas Pouille will face Rafael Nadal .
Wimbledon singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m) This is 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova . The tournament, held at Roland Garros and beginning on May 24, remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize . Main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds, with payouts 20 per cent higher for those in the second round than in 2014 .
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley said earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together . After twice being written off in the past, initially following his life-threatening accident in 2009 and again when he left Ferrari at the end of 2013, Massa appears to be a driver at the top of his game . Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings .
Lewis Hamilton has described his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix as 'a fun thing' Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday with Mercedes AMG Petronas's Liu Siying grimacing as she sprayed with the winners champagne . Anti-sexism campaigners have called on Hamilton to apologise for the incident . Siying has since defended Hamilton, claiming 'some foreign media are more sensitive about the topic compared to local media' Hamilton was relieved to hear Siying's comments on
Liu Siying grimacing as Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at her face . British driver drew criticism when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of Liu . But the Shanghai graduate said she didn't think too much about the incident . Campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour 'selfish' and called on him to apologise . Hamilton won the Spanish Grand Prix and Austrian Grand Prix .
Red Bull managing director Cyril Abiteboul has boldly declared that there will be no further power-unit issues by May's Monaco Grand Prix . Unhappy owner Dietrich Mateschitz warned Renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of Formula One . Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a Power-unit failure in China . Horner is currently having two engines when only four are allowed per season otherwise penalties start to be applied .
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday . Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals . The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize . Last year's winning jockey Aspell beat four National runners and non of them had completed the course prior to his eight-year-old's hard-fought quarter defeat of gallant Saint Aire .
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field . Will Shutthefrontdoor's fairytale victory end with a 70,000 spectators to raise the roof? Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream . The £1million Crabbie's Grand National will finish Saturday in the race . 'If everyone has gone to bed thinking the dream will happen, I can promise you nobody has been dreaming more than me,' he said .
Billy Vunipola will appear before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel on Tuesday . Saracens back row was cited for striking Mathew Tait with the head . The incident occurred during Saracaens' 22-6 Aviva Premiership win over Leicester .
Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with cystic fibrosis . The 26-year-old hooker has earned four international caps for Australia . He will hope to make Australia's World Cup squad later this year . Archived match footage from Charles' school days show him excelling at rugby from an early age .
Matt Scott is a doubt for September's World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year . He hasn't played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month . Glasgow’s Alex Dunbar also a major fitness doubt for the World Cup . Scotland coach Vern Cotter faces a big gap to fill at centre .
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket . Big-hitting batsman has nine caps to date, since debut against India . Hales opened with Alastair Cook four times in series defeat . 26-year-old has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches .
Mustafa Kamal resigns effective from 2 April after meeting in Dubai . Bangladeshi politician voicing disquiet at umpire calls in World Cup quarter-final . ICC clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution .
England take on West Indies in first Test at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Gary Ballance scores fourth century in nine Tests for England . Ballance's 333 for seven declared leaving England needing 438 to win first Test . Chris Jordan slip catch made breakthrough and Ballance settling at number three . England finished fourth day on 98 for two after Chris Jordan scored .
Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root all secure in middle order for summer . Pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career . Former Ashes hero Andrew Flintoff believes he is 'a popular lad'
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a target (503) But the home side's lower order hung on and forced an unlikely draw . Gary Ballance knocked ball around the park, his partner Jos Buttler hit him . Yorkshire batsman left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on . Umpire Steve Davis dropped a clanger in the afternoon .
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday . Tony Parker had 23 points and Borris Diaw 20 for San Antonio . Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points against Minnesota Timberwolves . Brooklyn earned the No 8 seed and will visit top-seeded Atlanta on Sunday .
Aaron Ramsey was relieved after Arsenal fought their way past Reading . Alexis Sanchez's two goals squirmed agonisingly through Adam Federici . Reading's Garath McCleary scored the only goal of the game for the Royals . Ramsey said: 'We knew it was going to be a tough game, they showed great character to come back into it'
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for Yannick Bolasie to leave Selhurst Park . It has been suggested that a £10m bid could tempt the winger into selling him . Bolesie scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week .
Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Southampton's trip to Hull City . Goalkeeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after knee surgery . Hull boss Steve Bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor for the visit to Southampton .
Southampton have already levelled the record points tally of 56 set last year . Manchester City's sudden drop-off could open up potential top four finish . Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season . Koeman believes it is possible if they win all their remaining games .
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month . The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton . Left back is determined to prove he deserves to be higher up the pecking order .
Stoke are set to complete their third signing from Barcelona in less than two years, according to Moha El Ouriachi's agent . Potters boss Mark Hughes has already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from the Nou Camp . The 19-year-old is apparently keen to seek first-team action rather than extend his contract with the Spanish giants .
Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane deserves to win PFA Player of the Year award for his impact on English football . Kane could become the first Spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since Gary Lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago . Hazard is the red hot favourite to land the prize after his excellent season with Chelsea .
Winston Reid penned a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month . The 26-year-old had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham . West Ham are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/2017 .
Sam Allardyce concerned about Manchester City's performance . West Ham are fourth in the Premier League after a 4-2 defeat to Manchester United . The Hammers are also in need of consistency, with stoppage time goal conceded at home to Stoke denying them what would have been only a third league win of 2015 .
Leigh Griffiths has been linked with a move away from Celtic . The Hat-trick hero was brought to the club to score goals in January . But the 24-year-old says he has 'knuckled down' in dealing with the talent .
Celtic came back from the loss of a goal early in the second half to crush Kilmarnock at Parkhead . Manager Ronny Deila believes Leigh Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI . Griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes Celtic ever closer to a clean sweep of domestic honours .
Jose Mourinho insists Jurgen Klopp is not coming to Stamford Bridge . The German has been tipped to make the move to England next season . Borussia Dortmund will sign the 47-year-old's contract at Chelsea . Manchester City have already indicated he is not in their sights with Pellegrini .
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday . Jose Mourinho's side have lost six of their last eight games under pressure from manager Manuel Pellegrini . The Blues are 11 points clear at the top of the table . Click here for Chelsea transfer news .
Rangers are four points behind Hibernian in the Scottish Championship play-offs . Stuart McCall believes his side could drop points against Livingston on Wednesday . Livingston gave Rangers a headache last week when they held them to a 1-1 draw at the Energy Assets Arena . Rangers were getting knocked out of the William Hill Scottish Cup by Falkirk .
Lucas has been at Liverpool for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool than anyone else in 50 years . He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November . The Brazilian would like to remind people it is not just Steven Gerrard playing out his own emotional journey in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa .
Labour will take action to enforce a Premier League commitment to invest in grassroots sport in the next parliament . Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars . But the league puts £168million into grassroots sport, this represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals between 2013 and 2016 .
Jonny Howson puts Norwich ahead early in the second half . The midfielder smashed home to keep his side in the automatic promotion places . Graham Dorrans scored a late penalty and made amends with Norwich's second goal in injury time .
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday . Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between them and fourth place . Keeper Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning and finishing in the top four .
Bayern Munich were beaten 1-0 by Porto in Champions League last eight . Jackson Martinez and Ricardo Quaresma scored early goals for Porto . Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with injuries they are currently contending with in the squad .
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A so far this season . Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory' Juventus are unbeaten at home this season but lost to Parma last weekend . Roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third .
Manchester United won the derby 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Red Devils boss Louis van Gaal has changed his methods this season . Marouane Fellaini and Ander Herrera have flourished under the Dutchman . The midfield icon has been heavily criticised by fans .
Chris Smalling scored Manchester United's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition of champions Manchester City . United are third, eight points behind leaders Chelsea, who play on Saturday . Smalling said: 'It’s massive [to win six in a row]... I think confidence comes from beating these top teams'
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig on his Instagram account . Togo international has one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham and could leave this summer . The 27-year-old recently insisted that he was prepared to fight for his place in the Spurs team .
Dead fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in Rio's waterways, choked with raw sewage and rubbish . City's waste management company have been brought in to clear away the dead fish . The city's environmental secretariat say the latest incident is the result of recent rains and high sea levels, which caused lake's temperature to plummet .
'Millions of television viewers saw live this extremely grave and irresponsible action which could have been tragic,' said SNCF . Last rider had gone through barrier eight seconds before TGV train arrived . 'A few seconds later a TGV ran on this line and could have hit the peloton,' says rider .
Liverpool face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Monday night . Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Man City . The Premier League's top-four match will be the FA Cup final . Click here for Liverpool transfer news .
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday . French defender replaced by Kolo Toure who is set to start against Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday . Liverpool are hopeful he will return in time to face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on May 10 .
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool . The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26 . Brendan Rodgers has conceded that Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to recapture his very best form this season .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby . Argentine striker Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford . Mario Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up' Liverpool face Newcastle United with the chance of closing the gap on City in fourth to four points in the Barclays Premier League .
Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this year's F1 world title . The Finn finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday . Sebastian Vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season .
West Ham striker Carlton Cole and Southampton right-back Nathaniel Clyne attended Searcys function rooms in Knightsbridge . Event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto .
Manny Pacquiao trains on the streets of Los Angeles . The Filipino is gearing up for his highly-anticipated fight with Floyd Mayweather . Pacquaao will take on the undefeated Mayweather in a mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Manny Pacquiao unveils his colourful mouthpiece for Floyd Mayweather bout . The money-spinning bout is reportedly worth £300million (£205million) The 36-year-old is looking to inflict first ever defeat on Mayweather .
Manchester City beat Manchester United 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday night . Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured the bragging rights for the visitors . Louis van Gaal and his wife Truss were pictured together at Wing's restaurant following the derby .
Manchester United are favourites to sign Danny Ings this summer . Reds held talks with Burnley about a summer transfer and were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer . Liverpool wanted to sign the 22-year-old in January transfer window and loan him back to Burnley but were prevented by Premier League regulations .
Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround Manchester City's fortunes, says Stuart Pearce . Yaya Toure has had a largely ineffective season for the club this season . The 61-year-old blamed City’s poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaye Toure and Fernandinho .
The New York City FC striker was invited to ring the opening bell on Monday . The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season . He has scored one goal in two appearances for the club .
Craig Gardner scored the second as West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 . Former Palace boss Tony Pulis left on the eve of the new season . Baggies have now lost their last three games in the Premier League .
Rafa Benitez has won a total of zero league titles since leaving Valencia . The Spaniard guided Liverpool to the 2005 Champions League title . He also brought in the hapless Djimi Traore and Milan Baros . But there were few regrets over his departure, and it was the catalyst for Roy Hodgson's introduction .
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night . The Wigan forward made his first appearance since his punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final .
Hibernian defeated Falkirk 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday afternoon . Peter Houston's side will now face either Celtic or Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the next month's showpiece . Craig Sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute to break the deadlock with a stooping header . Kenny McDonald was sent off for Hibs but the match finished 1-1 .
Sky Sports pundit Lee Mason failed to award Newcastle a spot kick . Ayoze Perez was scything by Dejan Lovren but not making contact with the ball . Substitute Mason did not point to the spot . Newcastle were beaten 2-0 by Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night .
Manchester United thumped Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday . Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours . They are just one point adrift of Arsenal who currently occupy second place in the Premier League . Sportsmail rated each player as Manchester United's calming influence .
Aitor Karanka's Middlesbrough are currently fourth in the Championship . Championship leaders Bournemouth travel to Reading on Saturday . Eddie Howe insists his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table .
Norwich midfielder Alexander Tettey scored an own goal to give Middlesbrough a slim victory at Carrow Road . The visitors could be overtaken when Bournemouth play their game in hand against Sheffield Wednesday and Watford, the fourth team with a strong chance, host Birmingham . Aitor Karanka said that his players deserve to be in the Premier League .
Ben Gibson is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club . The 22-year-old's uncle, Steve Gibson, helped save the Teessiders from liquidation in 1986 . Steve Gibson has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history, including winning the Carling Cup and UEFA Cup .
Gary Gardner put Watford ahead after just four minutes against Nottingham Forest . Odion Ighalo doubled the Hornets' lead with a brilliant finish in the 72nd minute . The Hornet move up to third in the table while Middlesbrough are in second .
Ryan Dearnley, 10, will no longer be a mascot for Reading . Reading beat Huddersfield in the third round in the FA Cup semi-final . A video of the young supporter backing Arsenal in the getreading sparked outrage .
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make him available this summer . The Ivorian has played a major role during City's trophy-laden period . Inter Milan, managed by Roberto Mancini, are also interested in the midfielder .
Sven Goran Eriksson managed Manchester City in the 2007-08 season . The club host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place Liverpool with six games to play . City were beaten 4-2 by fierce rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford last weekend .
Manchester City defeated Manchester City 3-0 in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon . Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala weeds in the garden . City players had to wear gloves at Old Trafford during the game . Ashley Young scored twice in the first half to put City 2-1 up .
Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager capable of guiding a team into the latter stages of Europe's premier club competition . Outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League . Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will take that job when his contract expires next season, he believes .
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday . Former Germany international Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp should be up there . City are set to end the season trophyless and Manuel Pellegrini is on his way out .
Watford beat Birmingham 1-0 to go top of the Championship . Craig Cathcart fired the Hornets into the lead in the 56th minute . Ikechi Anya had been released from his squad for the rest of the game .
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville . Sky Sports pundit says only minor changes need to happen this summer . City are currently fourth in the Premier League after a dismal run of results .
Luis Suarez met ex-Liverpool ace Luiz after 21 minutes of Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG at Parc des Princes in Paris . The Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace Thiago Silva in the first half for Barcelona . Luis is already 1-0 down through Lionel Messi and Neymar and the Catalans have already taken the lead .
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury . Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease the Toffees forward in even if he wanted to . Belgium international has taken in the World Cup in Brazil and went straight into a Premier League and European campaign .
Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin's current deals expire this summer . Toffees boss Roberto Martinez insists the pair still have time to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future . Martinez has established a list of transfer targets for six months .
The Centurions beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd . The build-up was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club . Former Wigan hooker Bob Beswick orchestrated a magnificent display by Paul Rowley's men .
UAE is keen to boost its international profile, says Sol Mokdad . The president of UAERL believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host the Rugby League World Cup . South Africa submitted an application for the 2017 event which was awarded jointly to Australia and New Zealand .
Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack . Huddersfield have lost all three games over the Easter holiday period . But they face Catalans Dragons with the league's best defensive record .
Manchester United crushed Man City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a Manchester United supporter . The Dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience . United are four points ahead of fourth place in Premier League .
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday . Louis van Gaal's men are now four points clear of their rivals . Marouane Fellaini looked out of touch for much of his first season at United . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Yaya Toure's defensive gifts aren't enough, says Gary Neville . Sky Sports pundit says Manchester City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' City lost 4-2 to Louis van Gaal's side at Old Trafford .
England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions . The big Bash is 'fantastic' and he has played in it for three years . Chris Woakes and Alex Hales want some rethinking of the domestic structure . Hales: 'There's no excuse not to make it out of the group stages'
Former England star Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his England career . Flintoff is concerned there is simply no vacancy for KP in any team . Pieterson scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since June 2013 .
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the T20 Blast . The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format . England cricketing board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars set to take part . Cook is at the top of the order in the opening Test of the West Indies series .
Michael Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team . Former England skipper praised Alastair Cook moments before he was dismissed . Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year .
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday . Pep Guardiola's side are without Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery . Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also injured .
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery are not fit for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Porto . Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga . Jerome Boateng, who was rested for Saturday's 3-0 win over Eintracht Frankfurt due to a minor muscle problem, is back in the squad .
Man City are planning a formal offer for Raheem Sterling at the earliest possible opportunity this summer when the transfer window reopens . Liverpool forward is a primary target for Manchester City this summer . City believe they are leading the race to land Sterling this summer and are confident they can complete what would be one of the biggest transfers .
Manchester United ran out 4-2 winners against City on Sunday . Louis van Gaal's side ended a run of four successive losses . Daley Blind has hailed a pre-match team talk from skipper Wayne Rooney .
Angel di Maria came on for Juan Mata in the 81st minute against Manchester City . Di Maria replaced Belgian Marouane Fellaini with seven minutes to play . Louis van Gaal has managed three players so central to the downfall of Moyes 12 months ago . Ashley Young is a triumph for the Dutchman for his ability to work with players on a personal basis .
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford . Manuel Pellegrini's side are now four points clear at the top of the table . City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions . Patrick Vieira is in charge of City's Under-21 development squad .
Sir Vivian Richards believes James Anderson is a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham . Anderson will earn 100th Test against the West Indies on Monday . Four wickets in game would take him past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets, making Anderson the most prolific English bowler in history .
James Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley . Anderson needed three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record haul of 383 . Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth spoke to those who knew Anderson .
Alastair Cook faces a three-Test series against West Indies . England captain must concentrate on what has become one of the most important Tests of his career . Cook needs to overtake Sir Ian Botham and become England’s leading wicket-taker in the next nine months . Jonathan Trott looks set to open with Cook 18 months after he left the England set-up .
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013 . The 34-year-old then insisted incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a 'clean slate' KP's only hope of playing for England is to score lots of runs for Surrey - wind, rain or shine . Neither English batsman’s journey will prove more futile than fruitful is another matter .
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra-time against Arsenal . The mistake squirmed agonisingly through his legs and slowly towards the goal line . Federici was inconsolable after the match and Clarke reveals he tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals . Brendan Rodgers' side had no complaints after the defeat . But his record in must-win games has been lamentable . Liverpool never gave impression they would give Steven Gerrard a dream date .
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink happy to be promoted, but wants to finish on top . Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday thanks to two goals from Lucas Akins . Wycombe could only draw at Wimbledon - and the Brewers were up .
Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht in the Europa League . Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in attendance . Obbi Oulare scored in the 74th minute to extend the lead at the top of the table to four points .
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, 8, has been bullied for more than a year . She claims he tried to choke himself, throw himself and stop eating . Eventually, she filed a police report when Kaiden allegedly came home with a bruised head, bruises on his knees, and scratches . According to the lawsuit, Kaiden was diagnosed with clinical depression in October 2013 a month into the alleged attacks . However, by April 2014, the eight-year-old was not adequately protected, she says .
2.8 million users' playlists analysed by music streaming service Spotify . Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is top song people fall asleep to . Ellie Goulding's Fifty Shades Of Grey is the third favourite song to drop off to and coming in at six are traditional rain sounds . Sam Smith also features four times on the list, with four times in total .
Pennsylvania Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide . The video of her fatally shooting an unarmed motorist has not been made public . Her lawyers are trying to keep the video of the unarmed man recording it . Kassick, 59, was shot in the back as he lay face down on February 2 .
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee . When the chorus builds, tears appear in Paul's eyes and his lips start quivering .
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday . Liverpool captain looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington . Blues victory over Manchester United made it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch Premier League leaders .
Oldham council moved group's old allotments from their old plots to new site . Gardeners say new site is so poor they can't grow a bean - and new plots' drainage is so bad they rott in ground . Michael Fyson, 77, has grown fruit and veg for more than 10 years . He and wife Margaret, 78, live the Good Life as they are largely self-sufficient .
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match . The 20-year-old had suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury . He was only playing as a substitute fielder when he died on Monday . Sachin Tendulkar, the highest runscorer in Test and one-day international history, tweeted: 'RIP. May God give strength to Ankit's family and friends. RIP'
Manchester City and Manchester United stars dined out together at San Carlo restaurant on Sunday . The players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday . Manchester City's £60million summer signing Victor Valdes was also present as a Spanish-speaker .
Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of 0-0 draw at the Keepmoat Stadium . The Yorkshire side were entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in League One .
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt . He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media . Striker now wants for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness .
Mohammed Shatnawi's effort will be considered one of the strangest own goals ever . His team were 1-0 down against Al Whidat when their opponents pushed forward, looking to double their lead . Collins' lob over Adrian was inadvertently precise and precise .
The Queen’s horse was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line . The 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her . But the Richard Hughes-ridden daughter of Royal Applause was only touched off by short head .
Lionel Messi has scored 32 trebles at club level so far this season . 27-year-old has no memory of the 96 which arrived in just 32 matches . Barcelona take on PSG in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday .
David de Gea and Victor Valdes made the most of the rare English sun on Tuesday . The duo were relaxing days after Manchester United's impressive win against Manchester City . It remains to be seen whether the pair will be enjoying the sun or the continuous Spanish sun next season .
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen . Tottenham midfielder hasn't scored since January goalless win over West Brom . Danish star joined Spurs in the summer of 2013 .
Jack Wilshere returned from injury to captain the Arsenal U21 side against Reading on Monday night . The 23-year-old hasn't featured for the first team since picking up an injury back in November . He will be hoping to feature in the FA Cup semi-final with Reading later this month .
Former porn star Christy Mack was unrecognisable as she fled her Las Vegas home on August 8, 2014 . She claims, of an abusive on-off relationship with MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known professionally as War Machine . The couple met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her, bringing pizza to her hotel . 'It was an amazing connection. I feel in love really quick,' she said, describing the attack . Mack is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see Ko
England captain caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend . Robshaw has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio . Worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break with Camilla Kerslake .
David Alaba posts video on Instagram of the cast being removed . Austrian international is looking to get back to fitness for Bayern Munich . Alaba's team-mates arrived in Portugal on Monday ahead of their Champions League quarter-final clash with Porto .
Fabio Borini scales the heights at Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday . Former Swansea striker was pictured taking part in a climbing exercise . The Italian has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season .
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo fan club on Saturday night . Pavilhao 9 was founded by a group of Corinthians fans who played football with inmates at Brazil's Carandiru prison . Police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry . An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a hospital where he died .
Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta . The 45-year-old lives in a remote apartment in Pazardzhik in southern Bulgaria and shares a Volkswagen Polo with his wife . Mayweather is unbeaten in 47 professional contests and considered one of boxing's all-time greats .
Manchester City lost 4-2 at home to Manchester United on Sunday . Sergio Aguero scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for City . The Argentine's feat should be cause for celebration . City paid what now looks like a bargain £38m for in 2011 .
Fox Sports Australia tweeted a photo of a man dressed in blackface on April 11 before controversy erupted . Briony Ingerson wrote that the photo was a tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' She has since been widely criticised for posting the image with black face make-up . Inges that the tweet was later deleted from the show . Fox Sports spokeswoman said they only became aware of the photograph on Monday and it was unacceptable .
Great grey owl stalked the bird from treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack . It made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws . Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops .
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden Park . David Raven scored the winner four minutes from the end of extra time . The 30-year-old defender said it was a 'dream come true' ahead of the final . Celtic boss John Hughes said the sending off 'changed the game'
Masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt . The incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene . No one was injured in the incident . Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway .
ISIS have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks . Even young children appear to be allowed to browse the market, with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . The photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh, where ISIS has recently been targeting historic archaeological sites .
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000 . His team modified a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray -- a vehicle which allowed Schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth . Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar, or SAM car, which includes integrated advanced electronics .
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree . The 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and personal details about himself . He stated former partners need not apply . Daily Mail Australia unsuccessfully attempted to contact the man behind the commercial .
Orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles .
A tree fell onto a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her . Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley says the woman was the only occupant . Due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than normal .
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a fire on Monday morning, and was lucky to get her children, aged one to 14, out of her Decatur condo . But all that was left of the condo was a pile of rubble and she is asking for help . 'My children are homeless. They have nothing. They lost everything,' said Dixon . She is currently staying with a friend, far from her children's Decatur schools - where on Tuesday students are required to take a standardized test .
In a leaked email, Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition . This while speaking with Amy Pascal while discussing his upcoming film Aloha, which stars Bradley Cooper and Rachel McAdams . Pascal asked Crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie, writing in one email, 'DOES BRUCE JENNER WANT BOOBS? HELL YES I HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU!!!!' This as it was revealed that only Khloe Kardashian initially supported him through his decision .
JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment . Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money and drugs, police said . The other two suspects allegedly made the victims get on the floor, and one victim told police one of them pressed his handgun against his face while the other suspect demanded to know where to find drugs and money .
Clip shows singer sitting at table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands . After the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds .
Villagers in Ansai, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water . But when they pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted they could set it on fire . Local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water came from the well, which cost £1,000 to build .
Puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster . Hazel the Bulldog is filmed in a front room and erratically jumping onto the basket . With her weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it . The puppy begins chewing the sides of the basket while looking up at the camera .
German rapper turned jihadi has released a propaganda video . The video contains horrific footage of prisoners being beheaded . It also contains staged footage of bombs being assembled and guns being prepped . This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of several World War I commemorative events .
Ian Wright has praised Chelsea's up-and-coming star Jay Dasilva . The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final . He also tipped his team-mates to enjoy bright futures in the game . Chelsea became the first English team to win the Youth League after their 3-2 win .
Izzy Brown was on the bench for Chelsea seniors for Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday . But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice in the final win over Shakhtar Donetsk . The 18-year-old has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire his Chelsea youth team to glory in the UEFA Youth League .
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish shone on his Wembley debut . Villa earned a comeback victory to book their place in the FA Cup final against Arsenal and end Steven Gerrard’s dream of lifting the famous old trophy on his birthday . Sherwood was dealt a blow by Gabby Agbonlahor’s failure to overcome a hamstring injury but adapted his plans to brilliant effect .
Philipp Lahm fell out with Pep Guardiola as early as November last year . The German doctor had been suffering from a broken ankle . He walked away from Bayern Munich for a second time this week . Click here for all the latest Bayern Munich news .
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt . The 72-year-old quit the Bundesliga club this week after 'being blamed' for their defeat by Porto on Wednesday . Pepe Guardiola said 'the reaction is on me, I was disappointed' but he has played down claims of a feud with the doctor . German side lost 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final .
Randy Lerner missed Aston Villa's 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley . American Lerner was upset he had not been able to make the trip . Villa chief executive Tom Fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom .
Jose Mourinho planning summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke . Blues technical director watched the 23-year-old against Deportivo . Koke's release clause is around £50million which Chelsea could shell out .
Paul Smith and Andre Ward will not be boxing for a title . The WBA have ordered their two super-middleweight champions to meet . Ward 'super' Froch 'regular' would be willing to travel to the UK . Carl Froch declared willingness if Ward returns the compliment by travelling to Nottingham .
Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen . The only Englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year when he attempted to win the European welterweight title from Leonard Bundu . Brook hopes to finally face Amir Khan next year having failed to lure him into a Wembley blockbuster this summer .
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Inter Milan striker Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend . Icardi has turned down Inter's latest contract offer but talks are continuing . The 22-year-old is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week .
Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week . Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane says the club are monitoring Sterling . The La Liga giants have the cash on Bale and Raphael Varane in recent years .
Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction on Saturday . The 63-year-old self-made millionaire stepped back from business in 1998 . He is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group . Four-bedroom house features two living spaces - a family room and more sophisticated space .
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off against Malaga on Saturday . Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric .
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in FA Youth Cup Final on Monday . Jason Wilcox wants to bring local players to the club's first team . Ex-Blackburn winger says his job is to 'get a group of Manchester-born lads into the first team'
Jay Hart, 24, was filmed romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt . The 73rd minute substitute for Lancashire non-league side was dismissed . His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley's Seel Park stadium .
Real Sociedad lost 1-0 to Xabi Prieto's side in La Liga on Monday . Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder in the win . Elche moved six points clear of the relegation zone and into 14th . Barcelona are top of the league on 78 points, two ahead of rivals Real Madrid .
Nottingham Forest will make a renewed move for Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes . The club failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in March . Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the striker, and Rovers expect more interest in Rhodes' partner Rudy Gestede .
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor at Hannover . The 51-year-old worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005 . Korkut's departure follows a 4-0 defeat to Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday .
Lukas Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season . The German forward joined the Gunners on loan in January . He has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in Serie A . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Terence Crawford beat Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round Saturday night . Crawford unloaded with Crawford and he was a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class . The 27-year-old Puerto Rican has won his last six bouts since moving down in class after being knocked out by Luis Carlos Abregu in October 2012 .
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night . The 24-year-old landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opening a cut near the left eye early in the second . Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114, but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of the fighter . 'He did, he hurt me, but I was able to 
Derry Mathews won the interim WBA lightweight title in Liverpool . He saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness . Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa . Luis was drafted in at the last minute but did not win over the judges .
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered best ever . Roach rated Andre Ward and Gennady Golovkin despite the American's unbeaten record and his status as hot favourite for the May 2 showdown . Mayweather has picked and chosen his fights during his career .
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan will fight in Maiquetia, northern Venezuela . The pair will take on native opposition on Saturday night at the World Series of Boxing (WSB) They will have covered a distance of over 34,000 miles on their various rounds .
Nicola Adams preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week . The 32-year-old has a world gold medal still proving elusive . Adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in Liverpool with her 51kg category .
Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over' Jordan Spieth won The Masters on Sunday with four shots . The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first player ever to reach 19-under par at Augusta . He moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind Rory McIlroy .
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated American golf sensation Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success . The world No 1 rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta . But the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at former love interest Rory McIlroy as he finished strongly for fourth .
Gael Monfils knocked Roger Federer out of Monte Carlo Masters last-16 . The 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment, two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world No 18 . Both men play fiercely intense matches with each player playing superb, intense tennis . Monfil is set to face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-final .
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in his Monte Carlo opener . It was Federer's first match since his defeat in the Indian Wells final in March . The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced . The double world champion said: 'I just do my talking on the track. That's how it's been since I was eight years old' Rosberg looked relaxed as he stuck to the line before the race in Bahrain .
Former England rugby captain Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the National at Aintree . The horse, which he owns with James Simpson-Daniel and Nicky Robinson, was sent off at 40/1 at the end of the race . 'Pride is the word I would use to do things at his own pace,' says Tindal .
Billy Vunipola was cleared of headbutting Mathew Tait on Tuesday . Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition . Leicester's Vereniki Goneva received a one-week ban for striking Foxes flanker Kelly Brown in the same game . The England No 8 faces Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's final .
Billy Vunipola faces RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon . Saracens are sweating over availability of the rugby star for Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont . The 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait . Toulon are plotting a move for Quade Cooper after missing out on Danny Cipriani signed a new deal in February .
James Anderson takes 384th Test wicket on final day of first Test in Antigua . West Indies batsman has promised there is more to come after record win . Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years . England captain Denesh Ramdin congratulated Anderson on his progress .
Kevin Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes Test series . The 34-year-old has not played for England since he was sacked 14 months ago . Clarke will link up with him in the Big Bash League after confirming he will be captain of Melbourne Stars next year .
'Masterplan' redevelopment will raise ground's overall capacity to almost 30,000 . New Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub to be added . Final completion date scheduled for spring 2019 .
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200m individual medley . Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30 . The 19-year-old said making the team for Russia was her main focus .
Redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club . The former QPR manager resigned as manager in February citing knee problems . He will lead Men United XI vs Leyton Orient Legends on Sunday, May 31 . O's youth coach Errol McKellar will host a charity football match at The Matchroom Stadium .
Mauricio Pochettino unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend . A number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley . Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila leads his side into a Scottish Cup semi-final with Inverness at Hampden Park on Sunday with a 12.15 kick-off . The Norwegian believes that television is an issue that I don't like in terms of the kick off times . He believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-on times, rather than broadcasters . Rangers put back the final Rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on Sky Sports, sparking fury from Hibernian and Hearts.
Real Madrid are set to be without Karim Benzema for their Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . French striker missed Real's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury . Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in his first 50 games' Pep Guardiola and Tata Martino tied for third .
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for relegation-threatened QPR . Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team . Austin will continue to be monitored by England boss Roy Hodgson .
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all been nominated . Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year .
Manchester City forward Toni Duggan posted picture with Louis van Gaal on Instagram . The 23-year-old shared image with United boss after 4-2 win over City . Dugggan has since removed the image from her Facebook page .
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday . Leigh Griffiths scored a deflected handball in the box against Meekings . Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for the handball . Celtic boss Ronny Deila says he has been 'robbed'
Inverness beat Celtic 2-0 in their Scottish Cup semi-final first leg . Josh Meekings appeared to get away with a handball on the line . John Hughes says it was a 'turning point' in the game . Celtic manager thinks it could have meant a penalty and red card .
Wolves and Brentford are both beaten at Huddersfield . Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton . Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill craves the League One trophy .
Cherries are currently third in the Championship table . Eddie Howe has called on supporters to inspire the club to win promotion . Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic is not looking beyond Birmingham . Steve McClaren's Derby must improve on their away form at Huddersfield .
Southampton are pushing for a top-four finish in the Premier League with six matches to go . Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract next summer and is one such target . Ronald Koeman fully understands the prospect of a move to Manchester United .
The likes of Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted as Champions League heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester United circle . Danny Ings is out of contract this summer with a move to a bigger club . Chelsea are the most wanted player in the summer after an excellent season in midfield for Southampton .
Nathaniel Clyne admits he wants to play Champions League football . Southampton right back has been in impressive form this season . Ronald Koeman admits it may be hard to keep the former Crystal Palace defender at the club .
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham at Deepdale . Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season . Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt . Crewe were the only side on 47 points to pick up anything .
Aaron Cresswell one of just five players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season . West Ham signed the left-back on a five-year contract in July 2014 . John Stones is the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this year . Click here for more Premier League news .
Ryan Mason's tattoo became popular online during England debut . The 23-year-old was celebrating Andros Townsend's goal against Italy . Mason played just six minutes in a 1-0 defeat by Bristol City in the Championship .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title during his second spell at Stamford Bridge . Former Blues defender Paulo Ferreira believes his compatriot's desire to succeed with the club knows no bounds . The 52-year-old believes his countryman will remain in charge for 'a long, long time'
Six players withdrew from squad ahead of Saturday's match against Charlton . Cellino, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those who pulled out . The club released a statement on Sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which has plagued Leeds recently .
Brendan Rodgers says Manchester City are bigger than Etihad rivals . Liverpool boss says move to City would not be a step up for Raheem Sterling . Reds have been heavily linked with a £50million move for the staller . Click here for more Liverpool transfer news .
The collapse in Roberto Mancini's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club . City director of football Txiki Begiristain and assistant manager Brian Kidd have been linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium . How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP (financial fair play) regulations again?
Left back Danny Rose is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans . The 24-year-old was signed to a five-year contract last summer . Manchester City have drawn up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings ahead of the close season .
Steven Gerrard was influential as Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley . The midfielder was deployed in a number of different roles throughout the match . He was handed a starting role but was unable to influence the outcome . Here, Sportsmail takes a closer look at his performance against Villa .
Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici after his error . Federici allowed an Alexis Sanchez effort to slip through his hands . The mistake overshadowed a number of strong saves Federici had made .
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January . David Ospina has the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances . Poland international will line up in goal for Arsenal against Reading . Former club legend David Seaman was speaking as an ambassador for the 'Know the Score' campaign against bowel cancer .
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan ended on Monday following 2-0 defeat by Derby . Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over 'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts . Chairman Dave Whelan will have to accept that his misguided appointment has cost him his reputation .
Over 45,000 racegoers descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event . Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, follows up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham Festival . Ms Brown fell victim to the day's first wardrobe malfunction when a breeze blew her skirt up to reveal a paucity of underwear .
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National at Aintree this week . The 40-year-old is bidding his farewells to retire and then should his Grand National ride Shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory . On Wednesday one of Liverpool's most iconic landmarks, the city's Royal Liver Building, was lit up with a good luck message .
Laurent Blanc has described Lionel Messi as 'unstoppable' Barcelona travel to Paris for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final . Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games in all competitions as a player . The Argentine has been in sensational form since the turn of the year .
'North vs South' All-Star match would showcase best of European talent . Barcelona stars Messi and Neymar would join together with Real Madrid stars Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Eden Hazard, Angel di Maria and Manuel Neuer among possible 'South' players .
Lionel Messi has declared he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 . The four-time Ballon d'Or winner was sidelined with injury and off-field drama . He has now issued an ominous warning to his opponents . Barca are top of the league and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games . PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter final on Wednesday .
Randy Lerner will attend the FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool on Sunday . Lerner is expected to make a rare appearance during his nine-year ownership of the club . The American has hardly seen Villa play in person in recent years, after buying the club in 2006 .
Christian Benteke headed Aston Villa into the lead in the 35th minute against Tottenham . Tim Sherwood revived Emmanuel Adebayor's flagging Tottenham career last season . Villa have now scored six goals in their last eight Premier League games . 'It's about strikers applying themselves,' said the Villa boss .
Christian Benteke headed Aston Villa into the lead in the 35th minute against Tottenham . Mauricio Pochettino's side took a giant step towards Premier League survival . Villa manager Tim Sherwood took charge of his first match since taking charge of the Midlands club last summer . Tottenham took the lead through a Calum Chambers cross in the 83rd minute .
Manchester City are four points ahead of Liverpool in the Champions League . But the numbers are woefully inadequate for City . They have nine points fewer than at this stage last season . City have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015 .
Paul Gascoigne scored Spurs' fifth goal in 1991 FA Cup semi-final . The midfielder struck a 35-yard free-kick that cements his place in legend . Tottenham Hotspur won the FA Cup and would go on to win the title . But many would have opted for the title or the Cup after knocking out Spurs .
Harry Redknapp left his position as manager of Queens Park Rangers on April 4 . The 68-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some Arsenal fans as he left the Emirates . He is currently out of work after leaving his position at the Emirates as a spectator when he watched the game .
Bayern Munich are chasing three titles this season . Bavarians are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba . Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen in two games .
Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon . The 34-year-old says he would like to be an F1 driver when he is older . Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season, and wants to emulate the legend's longevity .
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited return from injury in Arsenal U21's 1-0 defeat by Reading . Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes . Abou Diaby continued his own return to the captain Arsenal Under 21s .
Arsenal are second in the Premier League after an eight-match winning run and face Reading in the semi-finals of the FA Cup . Frank McLintock made 403 appearances for the Highbury club between 1964 and 1973 . The Scottish defender spent nine seasons at the club, winning the league title in 1971 and FA Cup, which Arsenal retained 12 months later . He believes the club need to raise their expectations ahead of the next campaign .
Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions this season . But manager Arsene Wenger admits he can't have predicted success . Ramsey's goal against Burnley extended the Gunners' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games .
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading . The 19-year-old impressed for the Gunners last season but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury . Gnacrery has not featured since the Champions League last-16 second leg against Bayern Munich in March 2014 .
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament . Newcastle's St James' Park, usually a footballing stronghold, is another ground about to host Rugby’s premier competition . Flats is touring the stadiums that will host matches coming this autumn as part of BT Sport's Tour de Flats .
Chiefs prop Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero . The 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance . Francis, who qualifies for England and Wales, could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the World Cup pool match .
Sale Sharks lost 25-23 to Ireland at the Madejski Stadium . The result leaves them seventh in the Premiership . Tom Arscott scored three tries as Mike Haley claimed the other . Shane Geraghty was an absentee with Chris Noakes included at fly-half .
Raheem Sterling has revealed that he dreams of hearing Anfield sing his name . The 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer . Sterling has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs . But he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess .
Liverpool have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention after successive defeats by Manchester United and Arsenal . John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on themselves . Newcastle have not scored 35 points since they beat Aston Villa on February 28 .
Jordan Ibe has been out for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a Europa League tie against Besiktas . The 19-year-old had said he had been in outstanding after returning to Anfield in January . Brendan Rodgers will include Ibe in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday .
Daniel Sturridge believes Raheem Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly . Liverpool striker Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer . The 20-year-old was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit at Anfield, with one shouting from the crowd .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in the European competition . Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema . Diego Simeone will flood the midfield with Arda Turan, Mario Suarez, Gabi and Koke . Chelsea and Arsenal have met twice, as have Barcelona and Espanyol .
Bayern Munich face Porto in Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final . Bundesliga champions are hot favourites to reach the last four of Europe's elite competition . But coach Julen Lopetegui does not believe that Bayern's injury list will lead to an upset . The Porto coach has asked his team to call on 'ambition and imagination'
Pep Guardiola and Luis Enrique were both in the Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 . The pair were involved in a training session that did the rounds on social media a few years ago . Guardiola was Mourinho's assistant at Barcelona and Guardiola at his final years as a player at the Camp Nou .
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night . The midfielder sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer . Jamie Carragher believes the Liverpool striker is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy .
Sampdoria revive interest in striker Mario Balotelli should he take a pay cut . Eccentric club president Massimo Ferrero says 24-year-old has lost his desire for football . Liverpool have been willing to sell the Italian since January but could find no takers after signing him for £16m .
Wayne Rooney believes Marouane Fellaini has gone from a team-mate to one of Europe's most dangerous forwards . The Belgian forward was one of the stars of Sunday's Manchester derby against City and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager Louis van Gaal . He has been used as a potent attacking weapon under Van Gaal, a second striker behind Rooney . 'He is a different option for us. It is starting to show on the pitch. It was tough for him but he had the whole team'
Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in Manchester United's midfield of late . Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher and Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville agree that Mourinho will draw up a special plan to stop him . Chelsea face United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the Barclays Premier League .
Ipswich held to 1-1 draw by Championship rivals Wolves on Saturday . Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 50th minute . Wolves fought back to take a point through Richard Stearman own goal . Manager Mick McCarthy was 'delighted' with the performance .
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police . Manchester United, Leeds and Leeds are all in London this weekend . Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands . Roses rivals Leeds are at Charlton Athletic for a 3pm start .
Manuel Pellegrini's job is the hardest in world football, says Sam Allardyce . Manchester City have lost six of their last eight games in the league . UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after failing to comply with new FFP rules .
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson has called for realism in their survival quest . Back-to-back wins revived Leicester’s hopes of top-flight survival . Everton boss Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in Burnley .
Former England striker Heskey has scored just one goal in his nine Championship starts . The 37-year-old has scored five times in the Championship, as well as once in the cup this season . Bolton boss Neil Lennon has also fined midfielders Barry Bannan and Neil Danns two weeks wages this week .
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer . He was confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks . Dundee boss Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season .
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton . US trainer Wesley Ward is to aim Hootenanny and Sunset Glow at Royal Ascot after scratching them from the 2,000 Guineas and 1,000 Guineas respectively .
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0 . Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 on Sunday . New England extended its undefeated streak to five games and are seventh in the Premier League .
Lyon returned to the top of the Ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw against Saint-Etienne on Sunday night . Clinton N'Jie gave his side the lead midway through the first half before Lindsay Rose saw red for Hubert Fournier's high flyers . Romain Hamouma put St-etienne ahead on the brink of half-time but the home side pressed for a result . Lyon are level on points with reigning champions Paris St Germain, who have a game in hand .
Randy Lerner didn't attend Aston Villa game after his aunt passed away . The 53-year-old was expected to appear at Wembley but boss Tim Sherwood said: 'My phone is buzzing in my pocket' Lerner has been trying to sell Villa since May .
Two people suspected of involvement in the attack detained by Turkish police . The two suspects were detained early on Tuesday and one believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus . Fenerbahce on Sunday demanded football be suspended until the incident was dealt with and perpetrators punished . A one-week suspension was announced by the Turkish Football Federation following a meeting with sports minister .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2 . The Filipino-fighter practices a few jabs as he trains with his team at Griffith Park . It is now less than a month before the pair go head to head in reality for the richest bout in boxing history .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will meet at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 . The American boxer posted a video of his morning run on Wednesday . He then shared an image on his Instagram account titled: 'Time to focus and train'
O'Sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday . Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norway’s Kurt Maflin .
Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 in their third-round qualifying qualifier . Graeme Dott must come from behind to qualify on Wednesday . Matthew Stevens leads Joe Swail 5-4 in the main draw .
'The Rocket' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history but has questioned his commitment to the sport . Speaking to Forever Sports magazine, the world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he's going to make his dinner or not .
Manchester City have lost six of their last eight derbies at Old Trafford . Pablo Zabaleta admits they are struggling to finish in the top four . Defending champions pulled level with Chelsea at the top with a 3-2 win over Sunderland on New Year's Day .
Manchester City were beaten 4-2 by Manchester United on Sunday . Goalkeeper Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals by Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling . City are four points behind rivals United and 12 behind Chelsea .
Manchester United continued their outstanding record against the current top seven teams this season . Chelsea, United, Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton were all included in the table . Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches . Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling ensured they kept up their record against top seven .
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after raids . He said officers grabbed him and asked: 'What's your name?'... and he said . Police confirmed a complaint had been made in regards to the treatment of Eathan . His father, Glen, said he was brutally attacked by police during the raids, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained .
A nine foot bull shark was spotted swimming past a condo back yard on Hickory Island, in Bonita Springs, Florida . The predator is considered to be among the deadliest in the world . Residents say fishermen throwing bait into the water are attracting the predators to their homes and are calling for them to be banned .
Vanessa Moe was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show . A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces .
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily . The 32-year-old was filmed training for the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics the day before going into labour . Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition . Her seven-year old son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily who was introduced to her mother's athletic ability while still in the womb .
Manchester United beat Manchester United 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford . The Red half of the city claimed the city was turned red in the space of 90 minutes . Sportsmail's verdict on the issues: Is it a sign that United are the dominant force again? Manchester City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the game .
Andy Lee faces Peter Quillin at the Barclays Centre in New York on Saturday night . The 30-year-old failed to make the 160lb weight after a session on the treadmill 160.6 . 'I think he knew he wasn't going to make it. He tried his arse off,' said trainer Adam Booth . Lee will be defending his WBO middleweight title vs Matt Korobov .
Josh Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in Leeds . The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night .
Carl Frampton has dismissed an offer from Scott Quigg for a British super-fight . The £1.5million gesture was made live on television on Tuesday . But Frapton has branded the gesture a 'publicity stunt' and ridiculed the offer .
Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments . 'I have a lot of respect for Peter and what he’s done,' he said . Houston: 'My comments are never made to disrespect people. I honestly thought that we played well enough to be in the final'
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona on Monday night . The defeat leves Fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games, one place and a point behind third-placed AS Roma . Alessandro Diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the home side .
The 250-piece collection attracted thousands of shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened . Pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay, with more reasonably-priced pieces like a $150 hammock and $34 maxi dress netting over $200 .
Shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, according to reports . It is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia after idea was approved . Dutch Halal sex shop known for its range of sensual oils called El Asira . Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh reveals cleric had told him it would encourage improvement of relationship between husband and wife .
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage . Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the previous round . Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the quarter-final on Wednesday . Diego Simeone believes the failure of English clubs in Europe should kick the country's top-flight into gear .
The University of Connecticut baseball team has taken on its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand, who is battling leukemia . Hand joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . The seniors Carson Cross and Blake Davey were inspired to get involved after hearing positive stories from the UConn men's hockey team .
Nikki and Kyleconnectbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO . Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . To date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen . At a recent game, the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her air bongo-playing skills .
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate . About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle . After a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage .
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he scrapes along the ground on his stomach . For a short moment he then rolls over several times . Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain . The filmer later revealed that the injury required a total of seven stitches .
FC United of Manchester sealed fourth promotion in their short history . 1-0 win over Stourbidge saw them crowned Evo-Stik Northern Premier champions . The club will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May .
Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire to be handed trials by Manchester United . The pair became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick for MK Dons Under-18s . Youngster Tingy is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last summer .
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final . Former England midfielder has played 106 times for his country since the 1998 World Cup . Real Madrid were beaten in Spanish Super Cup over two legs, then knocked out of Copa del Rey, and then, most spectacularly, beaten 4-0 at the Vicente Calder . Simenrique's men beat Argentina on penalties after a 2-2 draw at the Maracana . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Gianluigi Buffon has been making his Champions League dream team . The Juventus keeper has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram . Former Juve captain Paolo Maldini won the Champions League on five occasions .
Real Madrid haven't beaten Atletico since winning the Spanish Super Cup . Real's last win came in the final in Lisbon, losing four games and drawing three . Carlo Ancelotti's side face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final .
Derby are targeting Real Madrid coach Paul Clement to replace Steve McClaren . The Rams are hoping to be clinch promotion in the Premier League via the play-offs . Newcastle's first choice to replace John Carver ahead of next season is uncertain . Clement is aware of Derby's interest and will make formal contact with Real once his future is settled .
Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country . The 17-year-old defender signed a three year contract at Charlton last year . He has been earmarked to play centre half in the future, but broke into the side at right back during his breakthrough season .
Former Manchester United defender says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach one day during his time at Old Trafford . The 33-year-old says he got passed some of his coaching badges before leaving for Juventus on a free last summer .
Fans asked to wear a football shirt in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore . Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993 . Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding showed their support on social media . This is the third annual Football Shirt Friday . It kicked off in April to coincide with Bowel Cancer Awareness Month .
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday . The 34-year-old won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18 . Face Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland .
FA Cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years . The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers ahead of semi-finals . Reading have never won the FA Cup . Arsene Wenger's side face Liverpool or Aston Villa on May 30 .
Arsenal signed Wellington Silva in January 2011 for £3.5million . But he had not been able to play without a work permit . The Brazilian revealed on Twitter that he has finally received clearance to make his Arsenal bow . He can now freely play for any team in the European Union .
Mario Mandzukic was involved in bust-up against Real Madrid on Tuesday night . The 28-year-old looked as aggressive as Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal . He committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid . Costa signed for Chelsea nine days later from Bayern Munich .
Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget about Thibaut Courtois... and David De Gea . The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer . He cost €16million (£11.5m) and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper .
EA Sports are already looking towards next season as they begin to take close-up shots of football stars for FIFA 16 . Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Wednesday with the caption 'FIFA 16 face shots' as the release edges closer . The Crystal Palace winger has been in fine form since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent in February .
Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez is 'ready' to lead the line against bitter city rivals Atletico, according to AS . Mundo Deportivo previews Barcelona's second leg encounter against Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night . However, Mundo note that Catalan club are not 'fixated' on the duo's availability for PSG and will go all out to make sure they reach the semi-finals .
Jurgen Klopp will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract in the summer, which was due to expire in 2018. Instead, he will be terminating his agreement with the Westphalians to seek a new challenge . But he expects the players to do the same, insisting they will be fully focused for Saturday's Bundesliga clash with Paderborn . Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager but has urged his team to keep smiling .
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso . Sammer was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves ahead of the Champions League clash at Porto on Tuesday . The 47-year-old insists that Bayern need to 'make plans for the future before it is too late'
Ivan Novoseltsev got down on one knee to ask girlfriend Katerina Keyru to marry him . Russian footballer proposed after his side's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow . The 23-year-old presented his bride-to-be with a huge bouquet of flowers .
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week . Former Brazil defender was fired on Wednesday after a poor run . The 41-year-old was reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
Benik Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' at the moment as he aims to become the country's top scorer this season . The striker has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane . Afabe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday .
Jesper Blomqvist was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine . Swede, now 41, made 38 appearances in that memorable season following £4.4m switch from Parma . Now helps brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences .
Video footage of creepy Peggy has been wreaking havoc on a string of paranormal enthusiasts around the world, reportedly causing one British woman to suffer a heart attack . Jayne Harris, based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, said she received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches . Some reported flashing visions of 'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg against Chelsea . Swede has played for Ajax, Juventus, Barcelona and Milan giants . Ibrahimovic's autobiography, 'I am ZLatan', comes out on top with PSG .
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness at King Khalid International Airport . Two men are seen recklessly hurling or fling several large suitcases . As the video begins it shows one man throwing a large suitcase . Seconds later the men grab either end of a bag and throw it at a green barrier . The men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud .
The sparkling piano was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Qatar . Goldfinch took six months to build, with every crystal applied by hand . Company director Tomas Norman said it was 'a delight to bring another customer's dream to reality'
The 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented Novak Djokovic with his Sportsman of the Year prize . The presentation of the award was bestowed on the tennis star by the Laureus Sport for Good Foundation . Charlene is an Olympic swimmer and burst onto the scene in 1999 at the All Africa Games in Johannesburg .
This year's Vivid Festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists . Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place will feature lights that can be controlled by visitors . The festival runs from May 22 to June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night .
HSBC's page for Young Entrepreneur Awards was closed down in 2011 . Site's URL address usually connects to third-party website . Bank denied links with external site and offered apology to public .
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup at a Brooklyn water fountain . After almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down .
WPLG reporter Roger Lohse was about to finish reporting on a brush fire when his camera pointed out something behind him . As he noticed the live rescue, he ran over to two firefighters holding the kitten in a towel, and asked where it had been . Firefighters said the kitten had been found sheltering in an empty Modelo beer box .
The video was posted to Twitter on Tuesday morning by Fitzy and Wippa . It was originally posted following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in June 2012 . YouTube commenters were quick to point out other inaccuracies in the video, such as the appearance of rocks around the Opera House . The video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight, with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years .
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, 'told police she had been bitten by a spider' She 'claimed that 17-month-old Layla was unresponsive because of the bite' A three-year-old boy was also found at her home with a broken leg . Police are also hunting for Fast's boyfriend, but have not named him .
Video will play during the 47-second video it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory . At the start of the ascent, the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the Dutch in 1600s .
Former England footballer has listed a second property in Chelsea for £6.75m . He bought the London townhouse in 2011 for £4.25m after he staged a sit-in . It has since been extensively renovated by his wife, interior designer and granddaughter of Sir Lawrie Barratt . But Campbell seems to be keen to rid himself of the flat before the election .
The four appeared in a courtroom in Dartmouth, near Halifax, today . Given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them live for years . Also agreed to surrender their passports and live at nearby naval base .
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much . The Italian designer also said that a homosexual man doesn't need to dress in a camp manner . Cristiano Ronaldo, 30, has modelled underwear for the designer before .
Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there . 'How you doing?' Bass exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug .
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona and progress to the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday night . The former Real Madrid star is confident the current champions can score three goals in the Nou Camp . PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week as Luis Suarez scored twice .
Porto are unbeaten in the competition this season and manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress against Bayern Munich . Bayern are chasing a treble of titles and their fourth straight Champions League semi-final appearance .
Bonnie lifted her dish to bring it over to Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal . The video was posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views .
Black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row . Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators . Officials ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved .
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt . He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media . Striker now wants for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness .
England will not compete in the Victory Shield as the FA does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players . The decision has been sped up by Sky Sports' move to withdraw funding and propose an altered fixture code . Gareth Southgate, the FA's head of national teams at St George's Park, said player development is the key reason .
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points with one game to spare . Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town, meaning the Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes were in attendance for Salford's last home match against Clitheroe Town .
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night to move into fourth . Former Bury player David Worrall scored with a superb curling effort . Bury were a point ahead of the Shrimpers after winning 1-0 at Portsmouth .
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 in League One . Dons remain within a point of automatic promotion places with two games to play . Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season . Jermaine Beckford scored twice for the Dons in 3-1 win at Notts County . James Spencer got the Magpies back in it .
Luke Bryant was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch . The 25-year-old 'drugged his shoulders' and gestured at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger . Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991 . Arsenal were losing 2-0 at St Mary's on New Year's Day .
Kolo Toure admits Steven Gerrard was 'sad' after FA Cup defeat . Former England captain didn't get his fairytale ending at Wembley . Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the Capital One Cup final . Toure also feels sorry for Liverpool fans who were 'not very good'
Didier Drogba pulls out of Monday's 'Match against Poverty' in St Etienne . Chelsea striker is a potential doubt for Sunday's trip to Emirates Stadium . Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's win over Manchester United .
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth may not be the only rivalry McIlroy has to face as he looks to complete his career grand slam . The world number one has never threatened to claim a first green jacket to become only the sixth player in history to win all four major titles . He follows up his second place at Augusta 12 months ago with a record-breaking victory .
Justin Rose was unable to win the Masters, despite carding 14-under-par . Rose is looking to become the first European player to win US Open and Masters . Rory McIlroy has had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
Caroline Wozniacki won a youth tournament as an 11-year-old in 2010 . Former world No 1 signed off her first interview as a youngster . Danish star will be wearing some of the outfits she will be wearing at this year's French Open .
Manor driver Will Stevens has used the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder . The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive . He has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine located in the altitude chamber .
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket . 1,000 Guineas hope is one of six out of nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas . Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Mile last September prior to her landing a Listed event five weeks later .
Many Clouds could face Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup . Leighton Aspell’s mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st . Trainer Oliver Sherwood is a Chelsea supporter and Arsenal fan McCoy has had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the Premier League .
Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn . Balthazar King was able to walk away from his fall, as was his mount Ballycasey .
Many Clouds won Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday . Leighton Aspell, 38, became the first rider since Bryan Marshall to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years . The gelding had not managed to complete the course and two of them fell at the first fence .
Clermont centre Wesley Fofana faces Brad Barritt at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard . The Saracens take on the Top 14 giants at the famous venue on Saturday . Brock James will be hoping to get in the face against Charlie Hodgson .
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh . The 33-year-old previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets . He won 23 Test caps, the last of which was against New Zealand in 2008 .
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force . Toulon have flexed their financial muscles by recruiting international stars such as Brian Habana, Matt Giteau and Leigh Halfpenny . English clubs have found themselves priced out of the market for southern hemisphere superstars .
Declan Fitzpatrick has had 'a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons . Medics at Guinness PRO12 province referred him to a neurologist . Tests recommended he stop playing for long-term interests . Ulster said: 'I can look back with fondness at nine fantastic seasons'
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Allianz Park . The 31-year-old booted a last-minute penalty to secure a 12-11 win . Saracens announced new contracts earlier this week for locks George Kruis and Maro Itoje .
England wing Christian Wade has been slammed by Wasps team-mate Andy Goode . Goode accused the 23-year-old of having 'bad values' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the Matt Hampson Foundation because he was ‘too tired’ The charity event was set up by and named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop . Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the ‘Beers with the Boys’ night in Birmingham .
Clermont Auvergne face Northampton in Champions Cup semi-final . French outfit are plotting downfall of Aviva Premiership's second best side . Both clubs are searching for their first-ever European crown .
Jeff Williams agrees a deal to join Bath at the end of the current season . South Africa-born 26-year-old was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012 and has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit . Williams previously played for Hamiltons club in Cape Town and also had a playing stint in France .
The SRU have completed the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract with BT . Last year, BT agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield . Now that has come to fruition and, come the summer, they will take over from ousted backers RBS . The cash injection, coupled with the new cash injection from the strip deal, has already transformed Scottish rugby .
Ankit Keshri died after colled with a team-mate during a club match . Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man . Former captain Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to the 'promising' 20-year-old died after suffering 'a cardiac arrest following on-field injury'
Ian Bell insists he did not expect England to win the series without a struggle . Yorkshire chairman Colin Graves has been appointed new chairman . The West Indies hung on for a draw on unresponsive pitch in Antigua last week . Bell scored a magnificent hundred in the first Test against Devon Smith .
Livingstone's efforts helped Nantwich compile 579 for seven from 45 overs . 21-year-old all-rounder yet to make his first-team debut for Red Rose . Lancashire believes it is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .
First double hundred of Hales' career helped Nottinghamshire reach 393 for seven by stumps on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire . Hales scored his 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor, who scored 59 .
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday . Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test through injury . England need to decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first Test win in Antigua .
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return . Surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on 170 . The 34-year-old was making his first Championship appearance since June 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the England set-up .
The 31-year-old beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title . He returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle . No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the title 12 months on .
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday after an injury-hit spell . The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch . Her winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August .
Mark Selby will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday . The Norwayer was once a child star but reached the age of 31 without making any great dents on the game . He lost 6-3 to Selby in the China Open semi-final earlier this month .
Michael Phelps won 100m butterfly at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona . The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drink-driving test last September . 'It's my first time to race since Pan Pacs (the 2014 Pan Pacific Championships), and being back in the water racing is something that I love,' said the 29-year-old .
Liam Phillips is hoping for glory in Rio ahead of the 2016 Olympics . The Burnham-on-Sea 26-year-old won the 2013 BMX world title in 2014 . Phillips plans to use 2015 to experiment with his tactics in a bid for glory .
Aaron Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 . The 24-year-old was left out of the taekwondo squad because he decided to quit the British programme in 2011 . There had been long-standing animosity between Cook and Moldova . British Olympic Association (BOA) say they have ratified the move .
Arsenal's Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after scythed down Boro's Harry Chapman in the box . Emmanuel Ledesma converted the penalty past stopper Matt Macey . Middlesbrough have lost their last two games in succession .
Juan Mata says his side can take many positives from Saturday's defeat . The midfielder was angry after Chelsea's winning run at Stamford Bridge . Mata was named player of the year after two-and-a-half seasons at the club .
Tony Pulis has never managed in the top half of the Premier League . The 57-year-old turned Palace's season around 12 months ago . He is known as a smart tactician and able to get the best out of players . Pulis won promotion with Stoke and got them to an FA Cup final .
Hull City boss Steve Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' If they are going to avoid relegation they will need to keep faith in goalkeeper Allan McGregor . The Tigers travel to Southampton without a win in five games .
Andy King's late tap-in meant Leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since May 2000 . Leonardo Ulloa scored his first Premier League goal in 647 minutes against Swansea . Nigel Pearson's side are 17th in the table and have won just two in 24 games . Here Sportsmail assesses the key themes of Leicester’s revival .
Official attendance at St James' Park is in excess of 52,000 . Protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside . Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been warned he risks losing a generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club . Fans stayed away from Sunday's last game, a 3-1 defeat by Tottenham .
Alan Pardew made a five-game winning run for Newcastle in December . He resigned from his role as manager at Crystal Palace and was sacked . Newcastle would only have 20 points in their autumn tour if they were to relegation .
Yannick Bolasie came for revenge having scored a hat-trick against Sunderland on Saturday afternoon . The Eagles winger came on as a second-half substitute to give the visitors an unassailable lead . Palace have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care and the table for 2015 has the Black Cats soaring in fifth .
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season . Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers . The 36-year-old says West Ham have 'a fantastic manager in place' Swansea travel to bottom-placed Leicester City on Saturday .
Dele Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino . The 19-year-old's performances for MK Dons earned him a £5million move to White Hart Lane in February . Alli was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday night .
Rangers' teenage striker Ryan Hardie made just four substitute appearances . The 18-year-old scored on his full debut against Dumbarton on Saturday . Mark Wilson scored twice as the Light Blues clinched a 3-1 victory . Hardie has notched more than 30 times for the club's under-20s side .
Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship table . They are looking to reclaim their Premiership return after two games . Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of Rangers finishing third . But he is ready to take his side to Dumbarton on Saturday .
Dave King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations . Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders . Paul Murray, serving as interim chairman, faces his own fit and proper scrutiny .
Brendan Rodgers needs to reinforce his squad . Danny Ings is set to leave Turf Moor when his contract expires . Manchester United, Manchester City and Real Sociedad are all in the frame . James Milner is also a target for Arsenal, Everton, Roma and Inter Milan . Petr Cech is out of reach for Liverpool if Paris Saint-Germain make a move .
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium is nearing completion . It cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m . The ground is part of a stadium that will also serve the local community .
Former Manchester United spokesman Tehsin Nayani has written 323 pages about the Glazer family's takeover of the club in 2005 . The Florida-based owners caused a ferocious storm when they overtook the club and plunged it into debt . Claims that the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests that greeted them arrival . Joel Glazer refused to believe United fans could 'hate' them when the takeover was met with huge protests in 2004 .
Barcelona and Real Madrid are looking for players to gain experience . Barca want limited departures because they can’t sign players until January . Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid . Fabio Coentrao remains one of the biggest mysteries of Real Madrid’s transfer policy in recent years .
Wojciech Szczesny played the full 120 minutes for Arsenal against Reading . He was joined at his home by family and friends as well as 'Lemon' The 25-year-old took to Instagram to thank his girlfriend Mariana Luczenko . The Polish keeper has racked up nearly 200 appearances for the Gunners .
Newcastle United's John Carver says he has the hardest job in football . The 50-year-old has been target of angry fans disillusioned with Mike Ashley's running of the club . But the problems at Newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad .
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City . Sam Allardyce has warned him that the grass isn't greener and he should look at Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair as examples . The West Ham full back has had a fine debut season in the Premier League . Click here for more Manchester City transfer news .
Charlton came from behind to earn a point at The Valley . Ross McCormack equalised for the visitors after eight minutes . Fulham are eight points clear of Millwall at the top of the Championship .
Mauricio Pochettino says England call-up hurt the form of Harry Kane . Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur . The pair have not been able to show consistency since returning from England duty .
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . The Serie A giants had an average age of 30 years and 64 days . Inter Milan held the record for fielding the Champions League's oldest starting line-up during their match against Marseille on February 22, 2012 .
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad under Louis van Gaal . The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club . Young feels he and Wayne Rooney have had to share the responsibility .
Amir Khan says his next opponent for May 30 has not been confirmed . The Sheffield welterweight hopes to fight Kell Brook again at Wembley . Khan rejects a £5million pay day against Algieri on June 13 .
Manny Pacquiao met with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin on Instagram . The Filipino posted a snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring . Mayweather admits he has fallen out of love with boxing after bout . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
Bobby Moore's famous hug with Pele held up as the peak of sportsmanship . Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time . Jamie Carragher, among others, lambasted Krul for an inappropriate gesture .
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters on Friday after opponent Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury . The Canadian called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first .
Rafael Nadal defeated John Isner 6-4 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters . Roger Federer will now face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals . Tomas Berdych and Milos Raonic will meet in the other last-eight .
Stan Wawrinka beats Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 to reach Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals . The world No 9 looked listless and disinterested as he made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve . Bulgarian will meet Frenchman Gael Monfils in the quarter-final .
Chelsea are weighing up move for West Ham striker Enner Valencia . Loic Remy struggling to maintain fitness and Didier Drogba turning 37 last month . Chelsea offering 21-year-old but he will go out on another loan . Bamford has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough .
Chelsea are in talks with Patrick Bamford over a new deal at Stamford Bridge . The 21-year-old's wages will rise from his current £7,500-a-week deal . He will also be given the chance to impress Jose Mourinho on Chelsea’s tour . Middlesbrough should be sent to a Premier League club - preferably with Romelu Lukaku . But he is a confident young man and will believe he can emulate Tottenham’s Harry Kane and force their hand .
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal for their FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading at Wembley on Saturday . The Polish international has been deposed as the Gunners' No 1 . Arsene Wenger confirmed the news but offered no further guarantees .
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to stand any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley . Reading have struggled in the Championship this campaign whereas Arsene Wenger’s side are the in-form side in the Premier League . The 51-year-old took charge of West Bromwich Albion for a season in 2012 before taking the job last summer .
Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day matches . Reading must play their FA Cup replay against Bradford in the last round . The massive Premier League match between Chelsea and Manchester United is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as Arsenal semi-final at Wembley . Manager Steve Clarke insists the FA Cup needs protecting to preserve the competition .
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will take part in the Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games . All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza . Tickets are now on sale to the general public at britishathletics.org.uk .
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS side Orlando City . The 53-year-old has been in the MLS for eight years now . Heath says English people are ' fascinated with America'
NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford to England this weekend . Lowe was at Turf Moor against Arsenal, joined by former Wimbledon midfielder Robbie Earle and former MLS star Kyle Martino . The trio, plus pitchside analysts Lee Dixon and Robbie Mustoe, will also be at the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday and Anfield for Liverpool-Newcastle on Monday .
Manchester City players were trained ahead of their derby match on Sunday . Sergio Aguero took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper Joe Hart . Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer .
Former Atletico Madrid draw 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League . Villa posted Instagram photo of him cheering on his former club . New York City FC forward is enjoying life in the Big Apple .
The Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico with 14 native Spanish-speaking players due to be involved . Eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain . Wayne Rooney is likely to be one of nine English-speakers in either squad .
Women's champion Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's training camp . The undefeated UFC bantamweight champion has signed a multi-fight deal with the MMA but is also keen to get into the boxing ring . Rousedy said she was 'truly honoured' to meet 'such a humble and genuine person'
The build-up for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao kicks off Tuesday night in Las Vegas . The session will be streamed live across the world and live from 12am UK (7pm EDT)
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in Los Angeles tonight . The Filipino icon was almost two hours late for his workout - and will be on time .
Manny Pacquiao has performed in a new music video in the Philippines . The boxer has also taken a keen interest in politics during his career . Filipino will be hoping to fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas .
Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks referees will earn $10,000 for the fight . Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will clash in Las Vegas next month . The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) Mayweather revealed he was within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit already . Paccuao unveiled his multi-coloured mouthpiece for the bout .
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti in 12 hours . The £1.5million super-car was delivered in just 11 hours and added to his collection of impressive motors . Obi Okeke, owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, was interviewed on the video on Mayweather's Facebook page and spoke about the late phone call . Mayweather once turned up at the dealership at 2am - walking out with a Ferrari Enzo .
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao . 'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 on the star's sweet selection . As the chef picks up more snacks, including peanut M&Ms and mountains of fizzy drinks, she talks about making Mayweather successful .
Arsenal winger has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal . Walcott has attracted interest from Manchester City and Liverpool . The 26-year-old is set to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight as the club look to resolve his future one way or another .
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars such as David De Gea and Thibaut Courtois . Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and has won agent of the year every year since its inauguration . Diego Ribas became Arda Turan under manager Diego Simeone . The secret of their success is often exactly exactly that – a secret .
Philipp Lahm has given former team-mate Owen Hargreaves a insight into Pep Guardiola's meticulous approach . The World Cup winner was speaking to the BT Sport pundit as part of a special documentary 'Inside Bayern Munich with Owen greaves' The pair played together at Bayern between 2000 and 2007 .
Miranda unhappy with Milorad Mazic's performance during Atletico Madrid's Champions League clash against Real Madrid on Tuesday . Defender says officials from 'minor leagues' shouldn't be allowed to referee high-profile matches . Miranda has also taken a swipe at Serbian official Mario Suarez after the game .
Mario Mandzukic was involved in a clash with Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal . Paul Scholes has criticised the Atletico striker for over reacting . The former Manchester United midfielder says the striker was 'trying to cause a bit of trouble'
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday . Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him . Ronaldo missed the best chance of the match early in the first half . Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon .
Three of the eight teams vying for a place in the semi-finals of the Champions League this week are from Spain . Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico, while Barcelona prepare for their European tie with Paris Saint-Germain . Barcelona face the only team to have beaten them in this season's competition; a Group F match in which PSG ran out 3-2 winners in September . Brazilian goalkeeper Neymar will start for Barcelona, according to AS . Mundo Deportivo claim that Barca need to leave the 's
Aston Villa kept their survival chances alive by beating West Brom 1-0 . Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 2-0 . Arsenal kept up their recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley . West Ham and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws .
Wilfried Zaha signed for Manchester United in January 2013 for £10million . But he was loaned back to Eagles for remainder of the season . Zaha made just four appearances for United in two years with the club . He admits he felt 'worthless' during his dream move to Old Trafford .
Former Manchester United midfielder is adamant it is not pornography . You and the Night includes a number of racy scenes, with Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear . The 48-year-old said: 'Morn is not so aesthetic and so beautiful but love is sex also'
Paris Saint-Germain's Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to former Manchester United legend Eric Cantona . The Argentine has scored three goals and five assists this season, compared with Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo's 51 for Real Madrid . Pastore retired from international football at the age of 30 .
Eric Cantona believes Manchester United are 'kings of the city' after their derby victory on Sunday . The former United captain believes they have found the right man in Louis van Gaal to drive them to the Premier League title next year too . He made a rare foray into football matters at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday .
Chris Maguire converts injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday . Owls held to a goalless draw by Owls at Dean Court . Calum Chambers was sent off in the first half for a foul on Callum Wilson .
Cherries drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday . Callum Wilson was brought down by Lewis Buxton but the decision was not given . Howe: 'I disagree with the decision because I don't want to get myself in trouble'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is available for Champions League quarter-final second leg against Barcelona . The Swedish striker has scored 17 Ligue 1 goals for PSG this season . Verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important as Ibrahimovic .
Porto are unbeaten in the Champions League so far this season . The Portuguese outfit beat Basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round . Julen Lopetegui has assembled an exciting team, a squad based around technical ability and a high-pressing game . Only Bayern, Barcelona and Juventus can better their average possession of 58 per cent .
Manolo Gabbiadini heads Napoli 4-0 ahead moments after coming on as a second-half substitute . Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts . Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control at the Volkswagen Arena . Wolfsburg came into the match having lost just once in their last 26 matches in the competition .
Petr Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in Chelsea's pecking order . The 32-year-old posted a video playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2 . Arsenal and Liverpool are among those linked with the Chelsea goalkeeper .
Jurgen Klopp announces he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc announced the news at a press conference on Wednesday . Klopp's departure is a tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time in Europe - like Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho .
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg . Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
Arjen Robben has missed his side's last four matches due to an abdominal injury . Holland international has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days . Bayern Munich take on Borussia Dortmund on April 28 .
Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex . The La Liga outfit's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club's HQ . There are communal rooms where Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time .
Some fans have been told their £885 season tickets will rocket to £1,750 . But the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded . They still have 8,000 seats below Manchester United's cheapest offering . Fans say City are abusing loyalty and are taking advantage of them .
David Silva was caught by on-rushing Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow in second half . The Senegal midfielder was taken to hospital as a precaution but was not injured . Silva was only booked by referee Anthony Taylor . West Ham boss Sam Allardyce said the incident was 'accidental'
Russian keeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare during game . Referee decided to abandon game after 67 minutes in Podgorica stadium . UEFA has ordered Montenegro to play next two games behind closed doors . Second match deferred for a probationary period of two years .
Marouane Fellaini met Ashley Young's superb cross with a thumping header . Juan Mata was released by Wayne Rooney to add a fourth for Manchester City . Chris Smalling and Sergio Aguero also scored for the Red Devils . Manchester City were beaten 2-1 by Manchester City in the FA Cup .
Manchester City's Under 18s were beaten 3-1 by Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final first-leg on Monday night . Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira attended the game . City are often criticised for lack of young players to come through academy ranks . Chelsea's first-team are currently top of the Premier League table . Manchester City are currently fourth .
Monaco lost 1-0 to Alvaro Morata in the penalty area on Tuesday . Replays showed that Carvalho had nudged Morata just outside the area . But the Spaniard's fall took him inside the box and referee pointed to the spot . Coach Leonardo Jardim claimed the penalty decision was a 'huge injustice'
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto . Muto is the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he joins for £4m . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists he would not be happy to talk about other players when the club buys a new player .
Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford believes his long-term future lies at Stamford Bridge . The 21-year-old beat Daryl Murphy and Watford’s Troy Deeney to win the prize at Sunday night’s Football League Awards in central London . Middlesbrough have been the perfect fit for him because of the styles of Aitor Karanka and Jose Mourinho .
Paul Aldridge will leave Championship club at the end of next season . The trio have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work . Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said trio would form a three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough .
Newcastle United lost 3-1 at home to Tottenham on Sunday . Ashley's running of the club has returned record profits of £18.7m . Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at what has become of the state Newcastle are in .
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Pak Reds in Pakistan . 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in West Indies . Ali, a lifelong Liverpool fan, was in attendance for LFC All-Stars match .
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka . Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only draw 250 in reply . Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur .
Hull KR avoided potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin with 50-30 victory . Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points . It was only the East Yorkshire side's second cup success since 1926 .
Murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connor's pass . Ukuma Ta'ai, who also scored twice, caught and offloaded Danny Brough . Former Wakefield Wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five games .
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea this season . The defender has won four cups with the Blues since January 2012 . Chelsea can move three points nearer to their fourth Premier League trophy with three against Manchester United on Saturday .
French champions lost 3-1 to Barcelona at the Nou Camp last week . Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti back from suspension . But David Luiz is a fitness doubt for PSG's clash with Barcelona on Tuesday . PSG take on Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final .
PSG star Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's claim that he is the 'best player in the world' The Argentine scored a brace in PSG's 3-1 win against Nice on Saturday . Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are class above him . PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight Champions League tie on Tuesday .
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California . He claims he was wrestled to the floor and hit with a baton or stick . Clip has emerged showing him being hit with force multiple times . It is likely to inflame tensions in America about police brutality .
The February afternoon was one of the hottest places on the planet . Temperatures whizzed up to 46C and even the Aussies were struggling . It was also the cycling mecca of the world, with 20 teams of Lycra-clad pros and their supporters hanging out in coffee bars . The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season .
Carl Frampton wants to fight Scott Quigg in Manchester on July 18 . The IBF super-bantamweight champion presents a cheque for £1.5m . Matchroom Sport boss Hearn insists there is no rematch clause in the offer .
Andy Lee takes on Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday night . The Irishman won the WBO middleweight title last year . Lee is making the first defence of his belt against the former champion .
The picture was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security' at the weekend . While his daughter doesn't look happy about the new attire, her dad is pictured grinning beside her .
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone . She was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, Florida, following 'a brief altercation' Garcia allegedly drove 200 feet with her son on the hood of the car . Teen fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot .
Women are commissioning her sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors . The new sheds are being decked out with Moroccan rugs, cushions, chandeliers and coffee tables .
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves shortly after debuting on Sunday morning . Lilly Leas, 26, is the granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter . Her own daughter Liza, 26, wanted a beach chair - but missed out .
Cassey's new video, The 'Perfect' Body, examines just whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness . YouTube star's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers .
If Virgil van Dijk is absent, Celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive . The prospect of a Treble evaporated last Sunday, Ronny Deila now says 'I sat and stared at the walls' Dundee's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen with five games to play .
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia . The 29-year-old let all his air out and calmly lay still on the ocean floor with the huge 150 kilogram stingray nibbling on his head . Mr Debnam says he was very at ease with the ray but was aware of the risks .
Eric Abidal believes that current crop are on their way . Barcelona have won La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey . Former defender was part of Pep Guardiola's team that won six trophies in 2009 . 'It is possible to achieve a treble but in football it is very complicated,' he said .
Steven Pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . Midfielder has made just 11 appearances for the Toffees this term . Pienar returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea .
Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck is a credit to his family and his FA Cup dreams . He will take on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Thursday . The Championship side are one step away from an FA Cup final . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League after a relentless campaign . The Blues have begun a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider Technogym - who have kitted out their Cobham training ground . Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces .
Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . The mega-fight is being billed as the biggest in the history of the sport . Mayweather is expected to earn $180m from the pay-per-view bout .
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez . Newcastle United defender was given a standing ovation at Anfield . On-loan striker has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia in recent weeks .
Raymond van Barnevald won 'the battle of Holland' against Michael van Gerwen . Phil Taylor ended his losing run after drawing with Stephen Bunting . Adrian Lewis won his third match on the bounce, beating Bunting 7-2 .
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . His small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday . The former teammate Brian Booth led the mourning procession . Mr Abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people .
Tottenham defeated Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at St James' Park . Nacer Chadli opened the scoring with a well-placed left-footed strike . Harry Kane doubled the Magpies' lead on the half-hour mark . The result equalled a club-record rot of six successive defeats in the league .
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th goal of the season as Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad . The Argentine striker slotted City into a two goal lead after James Collins' miss-timed clearance loops over Adrian . Yaya Toure scored a consolation for Manuel Pellegrini's side in the 36th minute . Jesus Navas provided the assist for James Collins, who had a missed shot .
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute . James Rodriguez made it 2-0 after Cristiano Ronaldo had missed a penalty . Karim Benzema was injured after a brutal encounter with Atletico Madrid .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was charged over the handball . The incident thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory . Celtic wrote to the SFA seeking ‘an understanding’ of why no penalty and red card followed . Referee Jim Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants . Boyce: ‘This sets a very dangerous precedent. If the Scottish FA decide that they feel they made the wrong decision, then they could take action in the future.’
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer . The 20-year-old has been loaned back to former club Lille . Origi says compatriot Simon Mignolet has been helping him prepare for the 'special feeling' of playing .
Greek government has put together new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events . FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence . The bill entitled 'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions' will be reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 .
Louis van Gaal has propelled Manchester United back into the top four . United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford – unacceptable . Under Moyes the bigger the match, they better they've done, which is how United are meant to be . Neither manager plays the same way as Ferguson, whose response was to try and overwhelm them with attacking play . The pressure of trying to continue Sir Alex Ferguson's success weighing heavily .
The man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant in the tourist town of Kuta where he was staying . A doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack . It's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying in Bali .
4WD burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's international terminal car park covering the area in thick smoke . The 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car .
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins . Ms Peters noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin . ‘I picked it up and saw all the needles sticking out and got a real shock,’ she said . She took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her Facebook page and then shared it with animal welfare pages in the
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before he handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla . Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up . She's then handed another fry but this time she decides to break the chunk of potato in half to make it last longer .
Carlo Ancelotti told Diego Simeone that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico weren't around at the Ballon d'Or ceremony in January . The Italian said he was happy in the city and keen to stay, but that life would be an easier to do if he were not on the other side of town managing Atleti Madrid . Anceletti has been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by his nemesis and beaten 4-0 in the league last season . Real Madrid lost a 
A luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into correct queues . The mechanical arm springs out to separate the bags in the hope it arrives . Video was uploaded to YouTube and has been met with mixed responses .
Insurers are increasingly checking social media accounts following a break-in . This is because most insurers have a 'reasonable care' clause, meaning firms don't have to offer up cash if they prove people weren't careful with protecting their possessions . Police warn would-be thieves will check social networks to see whether property owners have said they will be away, before striking while nobody is home .
Sapp, 42, was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . In a police video released on Monday, Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600 on the table' in his hotel room . Britney Osbourne, 23, and 34-year-old Quying Boyd were both arrested along with Sapp .
Ron Aydelott, head coach for Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries Tuesday . The 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespectedted' The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team .
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat' vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight . They fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers .
Man in motorized wheelchair plucked from rails of D.C. metro system . Two men leaped after him as he fell over edge of platform on Tuesday afternoon . Comes less than a week after man was rescued after falling on subway tracks in Philadelphia .
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a six-foot fence on Saturday . Smith is seen in the video pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence . All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
Passengers on flight from Madrid to Manchester were not asked for documents . But they were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked . They claim they were subsequently checked on their systems at Manchester Airport . Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said the only passport check was done at Madrid . He said: 'My concern is we still have the Ebola crisis in Africa'
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside . One motorist filmed the gridlock on a dashcam, but a silver Mercedes wasn't happy . He attempted to sail up inside lane in sneaky bid to avoid having to wait . But he tries to both overtake and undertake the Mercedes in an attempt to get past . The Mercedes, behind, is then forced to wait like the rest of the drivers for 10 minutes as they approach a roundabout .
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled by questions . Turned the clock back to John Major's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet . He ended up being heckled by someone claiming 'the NHS is dying' Cameron promised at the weekend he would 'take to the streets' to defend Tory record .
Kali bounces about the decking playfully while its adopted mother relaxes . Jumping onto its bed before rolling off and crashing into the back of its mother . The puppy then follows the young German Shepherd over to the corner . Kali then leaves lying on her side as its mother pushes her into place .
The 20-day-old 'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . Farmer Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the kid is growing quickly . 'During labour, I saw the nanny goat was having difficulty,' said he . The mutant goat is one of the most playful animals on the farm .
Virgil van Dijk scored in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness . Celtic manager Ronny Deila had targeted the treble in his first season . Van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title . Hoops take on Dundee on Wednesday in post-split fixtures .
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season . Chelsea loanee is Chelsea's answer to Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane . Diego Costa scored more than 19 goals in the Championship than Chelsea .
Raheem Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' The video shows the Liverpool forward sucking on orange balloon then laughing and giggling before asking one of his friends to give him another hit . When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . Sterling scored in Liverpool’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United but also missed a chance from six yards in the 56th minute and could now face disciplinary action .
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie on Tuesday . The defeat sent Porto fans apoplectic at the capitulation of their side . Manager Julen Lopetegui was hugged by fans as they made their way on to the team bus - set upon a cacophony of fiercely-proud chanting .
Manchester City midfielder James Milner will decide his future at the end of the season . Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void left by outgoing Steven Gerrard . Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield .
Nathan turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense . Chelsea have been keen on attacking midfielder following his performances at the World U17 Championships two years ago . Blues have a strong Brazilian contingency with the likes of Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar .
West Brom are weighing up the possibility of signing Nice forward Alassane Plea . Plea has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder . Pulis is keen on bolstering his forward options in the summer .
PSG striker Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to Corriere dello Sport . Cavani joined PSG for £50million in 2013 from Palermo and Napoli . Former Manchester United boss David Moyes attempted to sign Cavani . Manchester United remain interested in acquiring him when the transfer window reopens .
Memphis Depay appears set to leave PSV during the summer transfer window . Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . PSV director Marcel Brands admits his side are resigned to losing the Dutch international . Tottenham, Manchester City and PSG are also among the contenders to sign Depay .
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea . The 21-year-old says he is happy to stay at the Valencia club . Gomes says: 'I am convinced that I will stay in Valencia because I am very happy here'
Anderson set up winner for Senad Lulic in Coppa Italia semi-final . PSG, Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal had scouts watching Anderson . Brazilian's unsettled at Napoli is Rafa Benitez set to leave in summer .
FC Tokyo's Yoshinori Muto would be the first Japanese player to represent Chelsea if he moves to west London . The 22-year-old will join Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season . Chelsea's interest in the Japan international is not related to their £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber .
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on selfie . And men are happy only on their fourth try, according to a survey . Two in three women feel anxious just having their selfie taken, survey finds . Of the children who were also questioned, 79 per cent were happy with the way they looked, 67 per cent thought they needed to look good .
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway near Watford . But as he tended the victim - Alan Tretheway, 67 - he was struck by Toyota . Iram Shahzad, 32, pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell’s death last week .
Gloucestershire Police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley . Driver had blindly followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree .
Oribe Peralta equalised for Montreal Impact in CONCACAF Champions League final first leg . Argentine striker Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half . Impact will now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg to be played next Wednesday at Olympic Stadium .
Defender Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013 and has been forced to cut short his career . The 29-year-old left-back was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to his injury . Tierney, who joined Bolton from Norwich, is expected to announce his retirement on Thursday .
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle Under-21s on Tuesday . It was his second appearance since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung . The £6million summer signing has only made one league start this season . He is on track to play a part in Newcastle's Premier League clash with Swansea .
Abou Diaby's contract expires in June and talks over his future will not commence until after the season . Frenchman will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities at their London Colney HQ to maintain his fitness until he finds a new club . The 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries since joining the Gunners in 2006 . Diaby has made just 22 appearances in four seasons .
Martin Skrtel has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from Anfield . The 30-year-old has been linked with move to Wolfsburg and Serie A side Napoli . Liverpool have endured a disappointing season and are expected to have a clear-out in the summer as they target silverware .
Liverpool were dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by Aston Villa . Rodgers has come under fire after a disappointing third season with the club . Former striker Stan Collymore believes the Reds must stick with manager .
David Silva was caught in the face by West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate . The 29-year-old received eight minutes of treatment on the field . Silva was eventually taken to hospital where tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture . City face Aston Villa in their next Premier League game on Saturday .
Aston Villa and Reading charged by the Football Association . Both clubs accused of failing to prevent crowd disturbances occurring after their FA Cup quarter-final matches . Reading's 2-0 win at Villa Park had to be temporarily stopped as fans spilled onto the pitch towards the end of the game . West Brom expressed their 'deep concern' for the safety of the players after the match and manager Tony Pulis described scenes as 'disgraceful'
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . Cheikhou Kouyate caught David Silva in the face by an elbow . Silva was taken to hospital but the club confirmed he did not have a fracture . City will assess in the next few days whether he has a chance of playing .
Floyd Maywether's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols mimics Filipino Manny Pacquiao's Visayan accent . The 36-year-old also pokes fun at his mother's Voodoo chants . Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas .
Sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters for the first time . Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the Frenchman changed his strategy . The final will be a second Masters title 10 years after he made his breakthrough at the Paris Masters .
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France this summer . The only exception will be Jooan's dual Arc winner Treve who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet . Benie is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot having won the Prix Niel .
Clermont lost back-to-back European and domestic finals last year . Mark McCall's side must refocus their efforts on the Aviva Premiership . Saracens chairman Nigel Wray took the opportunity on Saturday morning to repeat his conviction that English clubs will never be able to compete with French teams .
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday . Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and is on the bench . Brad Barritt will captain Mark McCall's side . Saint-Etienne made Northampton look like a pub side two weeks ago .
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month . The terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009 killed six policemen and two civilians, and several of the tourists were injured . Test and ODI series have taken place in the United Arab Emirates, England's destination for second time this autumn .
England are set to face trial by leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo on Tuesday . West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed the spinner will play . The 29-year-old's record over 11 caps is modest, with 40 wickets at 39.55 .
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season . But he only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday . Former England captain Mike Gatting says a return should be considered . 'If people are playing well in the team, why should he just get in?' said Gatting .
England captain Alastair Cook has not scored a Test hundred since May 2013 . The ECB chairman-elect Colin Graves and new chief executive Tom Harrison are weighing up a second Test for England . Colin Ballance, Tom Harrison and Paul Downton are all under pressure . Cook has scored more Test centuries than any other Englishman in his career .
Golden State picked up right where it left off in the regular season . The top seed recorded a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year . Stephen Curry led the Warriors with 34 points, hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers .
Barry Hearn has rubbished rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield . This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre . There is interest from China in hosting the event, but hearn is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, both of which expire in 2017 .
Dujardin, 29, won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas . Her horse Valegro won the world title in Lyon last year . She recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third .
Scott Sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for Aston Villa . Winger is on loan from Manchester City but can be bought for £2.5million . Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final on May 30 if they repeat their performance from the semi-final against Liverpool .
Burnley striker Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool . The 22-year-old also linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and David Moyes' Real Sociedad .
Fernando Torres says Steven Gerrard is always there for his players . The on-loan Atletico Madrid striker has scored four goals since leaving the club . He also says he would love to see his friend finish his final season with a trophy .
Jonas Gutierrez was not even named among the substitutes for Sunday's 3-1 defeat by Tottenham following row with John Carver . The 31-year-old had earlier posted on Twitter that he was not injured . Sources close to the Argentinian say he is axed following a heated exchange with Carver and is set to be released at the end of the season .
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray on Friday . The quartet confronted Burnley supporters outside a pub after their match . During the two-week trial, the pub's windows were kicked and shattered . All four men received six-year Football Banning Orders under section 23 of the Football Spectator Act 1989 .
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton Under-21 Premier League Cup winners beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday night . The 19-year-old has been out of action since the arrival of Ronald Koeman . Southampton won the tournament 2-1 at St Mary's with the winner in extra-time at the Under-21 final, where the first-team manager was among the 12,356 crowd .
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on his Instagram page of him enjoying a game of basketball on Wednesday . Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle as they struggled for form at the wrong end of the season with only one win in nine . The Black Cats were brought back down to earth in their last outing by high-flying Crystal Palace .
Dick Advocaat has concerns over the strength of his players . Sunderland are three points above the relegation zone after losing to Crystal Palace on Saturday . The Dutchman fears his side lack the muscle for such a test .
Thierry Henry said the Stadium of Light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during Sunderland's derby win over Newcastle . Yannick Bolasie trebled his tally for the season with a devastating 11-minute hat-trick as Crystal Palace claimed a fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes . But Steven Fletcher and Jermain Defoe couldn't hide their disappointment .
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica . The 23-year-old has struggled to make an impression in south Wales . But he is set to start against Leicester with Bafetimbi Gomis sidelined by hamstring trouble .
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season . The 19-year-old has been loaned back to the Dons until January . Alli's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in League One .
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in their first Champions League match . Bild lead on Guardiola's trousers and headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!' In Portugal, Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page . L'equipe are building up to Monaco's quarter-final second leg against Serie A leaders Juventus .
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russian president Valdimir Putin on Monday . Blatter revealed Russia was hosting the 2018 World Cup in 2010 . The 79-year-old said the economic situation is not the best, but I know it will get better .
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checks on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night . City are also keen admirers of former Chelsea midfielder Kevin de Bruyne, who used to play for rivals Chelsea . Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure to deliver success at the top level .
Former QPR manager Harry Redknapp says he has been rescued by kids . Tottenham currently occupying a place only in the top six in the Premier League . Former manager also critical of club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale for £25.9million .
Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen put the result beyond doubt at St James' Park . Tottenham striker Harry Kane was the first player since Gary Lineker to score a late winner against Newcastle on Sunday . Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve as he continues his scoring spree .
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba . Romanian is valued at around £6million but relegation may lead to less goals . Villa are also rivalling West Brom for Wolves winger Bakary Sako . Tom Carroll is another potential target for manager Tim Sherwood .
Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to overlook Mark Clattenburg . Jon Moss will take charge of FA Cup final at Wembley between Arsenal and Aston Villa on May 30 . ‘He’s consistently our outstanding ref who proves himself on the biggest stage,' said Halsicey .
Martin Odegaard dropped by Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane . Norway international was dropped after 65 minutes against Tudelano . It has been suggested Castilla players resent the starlet training with the first team three times a week and his superior wages .
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla . The 16-year-old wonderkid was beaten by Liverpool and Manchester United in the start of the year . Real Madrid were top of their regional third division when he made his debut . Zinedine Zidane dropped the Norwegian as he looks to secure promotion . Click here for Real Madrid transfer news .
Real Madrid's international stars returned to their Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday after the international break . Cristiano Ronaldo helped Portugal go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I with a 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening . Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training . Los Blancos host La Liga's 19th-placed side at the Bernabeu in an 11am kick-off, with Luis Enrique's men travelling to Celta Vigo later that day .
Charlie Pye, 6, applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked . Sherwood wrote a special letter congratulating him on his credentials . Paul Lindsey is currently six points above the relegation zone .
Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as Tottenham manager last season . The Aston Villa goalkeeper ridiculed the Frenchman on Twitter describing it as the 'worst ever' The former Newcastle man turned up for training at the club's Bodymoor Heath complex on Tuesday .
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday . Per Mertesacker will not allow himself to become complacent against the Blues . The German believes Arsenal have become stronger after their FA Cup success last season, but cannot allow themselves any sense of complacency .
Crystal Palace face West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday . Chelsea face Manchester United at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon . Newcastle United face Tottenham Hotspur at Newcastle United . Liverpool face Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday . Manchester United face West Ham United at West Ham .
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Jurgen Klopp will be a top manager in the Premier League at the end of the current season . Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Arsenal in the past is not in their sights . But German international says Klopp is a good fit in the English top flight . Click here for more Arsenal news .
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United at Old Trafford 12 years ago . The former Arsenal keeper says it was the best save of his career and topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England . Arsene Wenger has been warned not to underestimate his semi-final opponents Reading .
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February . The 23-year-old says he is 'happy' with Chelsea and won't be leaving . Jose Mourinho has largely favoured other players to Oscar in the second-half . Chelsea visit Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday .
Former super-middleweight champion frolicked with girlfriend Lucy on beach . But after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim, their fun was interrupted by a downpour of rain . The couple retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer .
Floyd Mayweather has posted pictures of his wealth on social media sites . The pound-for-pound boxer has been dubbed 'Money' for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance . Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion .
Manny Pacquiao unveiled his mouthpiece during his $300million Las Vegas showdown . The multi-talented boxer will fight Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2 . 'The Nation's Fist' wrote and wrote the tune 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'
Louis van Gaal wants Danny Ings to form a central part of his Manchester United rebuilding this summer . High-placed sources at Old Trafford have confirmed their interest in a player also being strongly pursued by Liverpool . The futures of Robin Van Persie and Radamel Falcao are uncertain and United are also interested in signing Memphis Depay, Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels .
Manchester United will have to pay £46million for Falcao's move permanent . The Colombian has struggled during his loan at Old Trafford . Louis van Gaal's side are unlikely to take up the option of signing the striker permanently .
Phil Taylor suffers fourth Premier League loss of the season . The 54-year-old squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4 . This sees Taylor finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . Premier League elimination dubbed 'Judgement Night' with a 6-6 draw .
Dutch darts legends Raymond van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday . The 25-year-old remains undefeated and could spell elimination for the World No 1 . Both players took to Twitter to pay tribute to each other after Thursday's match .
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies . The Liverpool youngster hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before scoring in a 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Sunday . Sterling has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as hippy crack, and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . He faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour .
England were bowled with a discipline and skill in the opening session . Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test match century to rescue England . Ben Stokes had restored order in this crucial first Test in Antigua . Kevin Pietersen took four wickets for the fourth wicket .
The former Australia captain passed away on Friday aged 84 . The Daily Telegraph in Australia had a special tribute edition with the headline 'A marvellous innings' next to a striking image of Benaud .
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici lay inert on the turf for a moment . He realised the magnitude of the incident instantly and squirmed through his legs in extra time . Federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 after Alexis Sanchez cut in from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at him .
Newcastle boss John Carver has been left with a depleted and disinterested squad . Pardew was in charge of the club from 2010 to January this year . Supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's game at home to Spurs .
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game . Thousands of Newcastle United supporters refused to enter St James' Park . Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment from the club . Meanwhile, Sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to boast about their derby wins .
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday . James Collins and Sergio Aguero's own goal was enough to give City the three points . Pablo Zabaleta, Jesus Navas and Jermain Defoe all impressed .
Rafa Benitez arrived at Stamford Bridge in 2012 as interim manager . Chelsea beat Blues in two Champions League semi-finals with drab defensive tactics . Fans never warmed to the 'interim' manager, but he was brought in to take the job . He got a better return from Fernando Torres - a player that was pretty much useless at Chelsea before and after .
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing Manchester City . City had won their last five games against West Ham – by an aggregate score of 14-1 – before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October . Reid and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini’s side .
Dimitri Seluk says City are trying to make Toure a scapegoat for problems . Toure has been linked with a move away from the club this summer . The midfielder's agent says he feels sorry for Pellegrini's weak performance . City travel to West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Blues boss Jose Mourinho was unconcerned by his side's possession stat . He says he only cares about statistics when choosing to win the game strategically . Chelsea extend lead at the top of the Premier League to 10 points .
Carlo Ancelotti says he sees himself remaining in charge of Real Madrid next season . Former Chelsea boss says goalkeeper Iker Casillas will also be staying put . Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other . Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri says: 'Let’s get rid of the ghosts'
Stoke manager Mark Hughes dismisses latest reports linking Asmir Begovic with a move away from the Brittania Stadium . Bosnia international has been one of the Premier League's most consistent keepers . Hughes is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Moha El Ouriachi from Barcelona .
Cristiano Ronaldo only needed 288 games to score 300 goals for Real Madrid . The 30-year-old scored the landmark goal against Rayo Vallecano on April 8 . Ronaldo has only taken six years to reach the figure in all competitions . Real host Malaga at the weekend but Ronaldo won't be linking up with Karim Benzema .
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday . The call was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the fight . But the only question he answered was from a Top Rank PR person about how his training camp was going . Promoter Bob Arum got frustrated when the first caller in queue wasn't someone who could be in line to ask a question . Mayweather is supposed to have his own conference call on Wednesday .
Paris Saint-Germain keeper Salvatore Sirigu strikes late on to make it 3-0 after Suarez's mistake . Neymar scores the only goal of the game in the 67th minute to put PSG 2-0 up . Suirez was embarrassed by the Uruguayan for the second time as PSG's players were left dejected . PSG manager Laurent Blanc rested his players for the first time on Wednesday evening .
Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Lionel Messi to stay at Barcelona until he retires . Messi has been with the Catalan giants since the age of 13 . The Argentine forward was linked with a move away from the Nou Camp earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board .
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar at Barcelona training . Video shows the former Liverpool striker kneeing the Uruguayan forward where it hurts as the duo joked around . The 27-year-old has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan club so far this season .
Josep Maria Bartomeu insists La Liga leaders are 'very happy' with Luis Enrique's performance . The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer and signed a two-year deal, and is only six games away from winning the title . Lionel Messi opened the scoring against high-flying Valencia on Saturday .
Radamel Falcao has failed to shine for Manchester United this season . Ligue One outfit Monaco spent a reported £50million to sign him in May 2013 . The Colombian joined United on a one-year loan deal in September . Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev says United are not in any further negotiations .
Coach Leonardo Jardim insists he is proud of his players after his side reached the quarter-finals without big money . Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League on Wednesday . Dmitry Rybolovlev's takeover has prompted a slew of big-name arrivals . James Rodriguez and Radamel Falcao have left the Stade Louis II .
Reading drew level on 54 minutes when Garath McCleary's volley was deflected past goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny . The Gunners failed to hit the woodwork through a header from Gabriel and an error from Australian Federici proved so costly . Manager Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to win 2-1 .
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video flaunting his watches and fleet of super-cars . The video was shot and edited by member of The Money Team brand owned by Mayweather . Rapper Yo Gotti's song blares over footage of the five-division world champion inspecting his expensive possessions which include: 'Big crib, ten cars, twenty acres' Mayweather is expected to fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next month .
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Anfield . Vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . He is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms worth £100,000-a-week . The 24-year-old is the third big player in Brendan Rodgers' squad to agree a contract extension .
Rafa Benitez has admitted he tried to raid Chelsea to sign Andre Schurrle . Former Blues boss also admitted trying to sign Luiz Gustavo and Ivan Perisic before their January departures to Wolfsburg from Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich respectively . Europa League quarter-final between Napoli and German outfit Wolfsburg on Thursday .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history . A stubborn defence has also helped his Blues rivals to Premier League glory . Roberto Mancini has the lowest average of goals conceded per game . Bruce Rioch is fourth on 0.84, while Carlo Ancelotti is fifth .
Werder Bremen edge past bottom club Hamburg SV courtesy of 84th-minute penalty . Argentine Di Santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season . Werder moved up to seventh with victory in the northern derby . New coach Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing them going down for the first time ever .
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille last summer after impressing at last summer's World Cup but was loaned back to Lille for this season . The 19-year-old has scored just seven league goals this campaign . Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Origi to be a success at Anfield .
Atletico Madrid are in talks with representatives of Palermo, according to AS . Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by demanding he rediscovers the 'defensive intensity' that made his 'undisputed starter' according to Marca report . Barcelona trio Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 91 goals to 88 of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema .
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala, according to Italian reports . Gazzetta dello Sport report that Serie A side have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) Dybala has also been linked with a transfer to Manchester United and Arsenal . Barcelona won 4-0 at Almeria, while Barcelona recorded a 2-0 victory at Rayo Vallecano . Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Carlo Ancelotti's side .
Manchester City have had 'honest conversations' since defeat at Old Trafford . Premier League champions are down in fourth position and 12 points behind leaders Chelsea with five games to play . Goalkeeper Joe Hart says City have 'let themselves down' this season . Manager Manuel Pellegrini is under increasing pressure at the Etihad .
AP McCoy landed the second win of his last Aintree meeting thanks to a trainer he will be praying doesn’t win Saturday's Crabbie’s Grand National . Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes and one of the mounts he could've taken in the race instead of Shutthefrontdoor . Don Cossack’s only defeat in six runs this season came when he did not show his best .
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro . The 40-year-old Brazilian is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests . Silva said in a letter that it would be 'an immense pleasure' to be part of the Brazilian team in Rio . He said he 'never used any substances' to improve his performances .
Former England team director Andy Flower is technical director of elite coaching at the ECB . Flower renegotiated a new role at lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last Ashes whitewash . Kevin Pietersen back playing cricket for Surrey in hope of winning back a Test spot in England side .
German doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the Bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock defeat by Porto on Wednesday . The 72-year-old says 'the bond of trust is damaged' and calls the blame centred at his department 'inexplicable' His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern Munich, have also resigned .
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits being a mother with her Olympic aspirations is a 'biggest challenge ever' Nine months after the birth of her son Reggie she will take on Katarina-Johnson Thompson at Rio 2016 . The 29-year-old will race the hurdles at the Great City Games in Manchester in mid-May .
Tatyana Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a banned steroid at the 2009 World Championships . The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 . Jessica Ennis-Hill has written to the IAAF to ask Chernova to keep her world title .
Eugene failed to bid to host the 2019 event, instead awarded to Doha . Decision taken by International Association of Athletics Federations Council . IAAF chose to bypass usual bidding process to avoid the usual process . 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan were also awarded without a bid .
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay . PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for Holland international Depay as well as Paris St Germain . Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them .
Ander Herrera has shunned comparisons with Paul Scholes . The Manchester United midfielder says 'there will never be another Scholes' The 25-year-old took part in one of Manchester United's Dream Days .
Jessica Carey drove three hours to see her grandmother Patty Lawing . As she walked through the door, she revealed she had a tattoo of the younger Patty on her forearm . Video was captured in February but the reaction is only now emerging online .
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday night . Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema . The two teams come head-to-head in their Champions League quarter-final with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14 .
Atletico Madrid striker Mario Mandzukic is still bruised from a Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid . The Croatian was punched in the stomach by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal during the clash at the Calderon . But the striker is expected to be fit for the second leg clash on Wednesday .
Real Madrid face rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday . Carlo Ancelotti's side will be without Karim Benzema for Wednesday's match after revealing the French striker has a 'sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee' Madrid were already preparing for the second leg at home against Atletletico without Gareth Bale, Luka Modric and Marcelo . The match will take place at the Maracana between Madrid and Madrid at the Bernabeu .
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest . The traveller missed the whole thing being asleep, and even slept . His cousin Roxambops posted the pictures of him on Reddit this week .
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . He was positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close .
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored winning goal . Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his battle against the terminal condition . He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback' Before game, David Cameron insisted – like in upcoming election – the Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory .
Just over a year ago, Adam Johnson sat with journalists at the Stadium of Light and talked about England and the forthcoming World Cup . Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . The 26-year-old scored seven times in seven games during a run last season . Sunderland finished the season fighting relegation, Johnson scored just one goal in 16 matches as his form dipped .
Manchester City increase season ticket prices by £345 to £975 . Disabled fans in same area as season tickets that have risen from £870 to £1,700 . Premier League champions accused of trying to force migration to other parts of Etihad Stadium .
Florin Andone could be offered as little as £2.5million by Aston Villa . The 22-year-old has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling Spanish side . Villa are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds .
Englishman was not sent off as Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time . Meekings was subsequently cited by Compliance Officer Tony McGlennan . FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce warned of possible worms for the game . But three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge and player will now face Falkirk .
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal . Ronald Koeman says his players must show maturity, nous and respect . Southampton travel to Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday .
Blackpool fans protested against the Oyston family before games . Fans up and down the country have raised nearly £15,000 in three days . Seasiders owner Frank Knight has been ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online .
Juventus moved 15 points clear of Lazio atop Serie A with a 2-0 win . Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 to stay two points clear in Spain . Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to move to the top of Ligue 1 .
Daniel Sturridge smirks when he hears Darren Farley's impersonation . The Liverpool striker is part of a promotional video for BT Sport . Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .
Luiz Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to Premier League . The 27-year-old scored five times against BATE Borisov in the group stages . He has scored more goals than any other player in the competition . Both Barcelona and Real Madrid reached the semi-finals this week .
Manchester United miss out on Champions League for first time in 19 years . David Moyes' failed squad included Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez . Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique in semis .
Chelsea defeated Manchester United 1-0 in their Capital One Cup final . Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against United . Blues boss Jose Mourinho was impressed with Marouane Fellaini's display . Belgian star has shone under Louis van Gaal in recent weeks .
Real Madrid's Zinedine Zidane has revealed that he likes Eden Hazard more than Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo . The Real Madrid reserve boss is tipped as a future manager at the Bernabeu . Hazard is set to be named PFA Player of the Year at Stamford Bridge .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . Caley Thistle boss John Hughes says he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves . Hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing Meeksas had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic .
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium . The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based designers Ramboll and Pattern . Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . Stadium is set to be completed in the early months of 2019, .
It will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Manchester United for the last football match to be played in England for four, long years . Many already injured or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag . The final was won by Sheffield United following a 3-0 victory over Chelsea .
Chelsea travel to the Emirates to face Arsenal on Sunday . Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal . The Blues have won the Capital One Cup this season .
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting . His pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side . Unfortunately for the champion jockey, he wasn't able to win the race .
Jonathan Pitre, 14, was born with Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' He is covered in deep blistering wounds that won't heal . His mother Tina, who carries and feeds Jonathan, says: 'I just have to get on with it' One in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition .
Video filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine, sees 'vampire girl' prank . Prank video shows girl dressed up as scary vampire walking up to her . She then feasts on a fake carcass and chasing her 'victims' through park .
The 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend Kristina Karo . But within hours of posting the video, Kunis responded with a tongue-in-cheek video pointing out some of the holes in Karo's story . 'This is the smartest girl I've ever heard of,' she declares in the video . The Jupiter Ascending star is now launching a singing career in LA, which is where she also lives, and has brought back memories of losing 'Doggie
Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year £100,000-a-week contract . The midfielder has been rewarded with the prospect of him taking over the captain's armband when he leaves for Los Angeles Galaxy . Henderson admits he is 'over the moon' after signing a long-term deal . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial . 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said . Her son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's murder .
Group of teens viciously attacking the victims just before train pulls into Philadelphia subway station . Brawl spilled onto the tracks with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . About a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl .
Francis Pusok, 30, had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear: 'This isn't over' Video shows him falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach . He says that within 15 seconds of the first hit, the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled 'stop resisting' even though he was laying face down
The enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . The sophisticated five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the hit show is listed at $13 million . Construction finally came to a halt in 2008 due to the huge amount of custom woodwork and ornamentation in the house .
Three men were found by police in a shipping container on a property in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney . They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them . Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to a Fairfield Hospital in serious condition .
Bayern Munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against Porto last night . Manager Pep Guardiola strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players . The current trend for wearing a suit that is a little on the snug side? Russell Brand, Guilty, Olly Murs and Jeff Brazier all have followed suit .
Anya Brodie, 51, flattered Michelle Obama by saying that she looked to young to be 51-years-old . Michelle Obama was so flattered by the compliment that she called her up on stage to give her a big hug .
YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . The infant repeats the same move and rolls to the ground .
Four people snatched a seal or sea lion pup early Sunday from Dockweiler State Beach near Los Angeles . The pup was rescued by Marine Animal Rescue, a group of rescue experts . Though small pups are dangerous, officials warned .
Elbit Systems will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors . These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms' Decision comes after Israel considered 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat .
Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'discriminatory content with a racist symbol,' specifically a Celtic cross . The club lost their appeal against sanctions after a allegedly racist banner . Russian FA said fans were Admission to fan sector was restricted to women and children . Spartors were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against the sanctions rejected . They are sixth in the Russian Premier League .
Girl, 9, attacked by lion in Namtsy, Siberia - one of the coldest places in the world . Circus believed to have abruptly left the Siberian village after attack . Tourist survived after lion jumped through window of car he was travelling in in Johannesburg and mauled him .
The huge armoured vehicle ended up in a residential area during rush hour . Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral . No comments have been given by the authorities regarding the cause of the accident . Chinese internet users take great interests in the unusual collision .
Brendan Rodgers has insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool . The Reds were beaten 2-1 by Aston Villa at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final . Reds take on West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday . Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson back in training on Thursday .
Marouane Fellaini picked Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against in an official club interview . Wayne Rooney and Phil Jagielka lauded as the toughest tackler he's played with . Nemanja Vidic described as the fittest player the Reds have played against . Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .
Ronald Koeman has praised Mauricio Pochettino's work at Southampton . The former Argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a five-year deal at White Hart Lane . With five matches left, Saints are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth and can usurp them in the European spots with victory .
FA chairman Greg Dyke revealed Harry Kane has informed England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships . Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the Czech Republic . England and Spurs have been in talks without reaching an agreement .
England defender Kyle Walker injured his foot against Burnley on April 5 . Scans revealed that Walker had not broken his foot but he faces another further month out . The club confirmed on Wednesday that Walker is expected to be sidelined for a further four weeks as he continues his recovery from a foot injury .
Andrea Dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting . The defender was arrested at a Knightsbridge store on April 7 . Police have confirmed the Italian and a 31-year-old woman were also held at the scene . He last turned out to be at the relegation-fighting Os on April 14 .
Liverpool are showing interest in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile . Immobile is a busy forward who can chase down the opposition . Manchester United are also interested in Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan . Arsenal are also monitoring Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia . Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan .
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool . The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020 . Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County . A knee injury disrupted his run in the side and he was cup-tied for Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final defeat to Aston Villa .
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a third straight season without a trophy . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand and look set to miss out on Champions League qualification for next season .
Jack Grealish is the third Premier League star to be caught on camera . The 19-year-old starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday . He is apparently inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide - more commonly known as laughing gas . Greg Dyke claims Spurs striker Harry Kane wants to play at European Under 21 Championship .
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel . The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick . Despite this however, the video itself has been met with some concern from viewers . PETA's UK Director, Mimi Bekhechi said
Edinson Cavani scored twice in PSG's League Cup final win last year . Manchester United strikers Robin van Persie and Rademel Falcao could leave . PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling Cavani this summer .
The 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in Germany's second division playing for 1860 Munich and has a buy-out clause of £2.5million . Weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out with team-mates for a late drinking session and was reportedly overheard criticising the club . Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on concluding a deal for the German starlet .
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits following outrage . The women's kits will be worn at this summer's World Cup . They have an all white strip with hints of black and yellow . Laurent cleats are a tribute to Canada who will host the tournament .
Car towing a caravan moves into his lane, ending with two vehicles colliding . Trucker then launches foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist on M6 . The man then jumps across the front of the van, blocking the slip road . Car driver jumps out to argue, with the trucker telling him 'I've got it all on camera'
Paul Doyle moved his family into an £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire . He put down a £200,000 deposit by falsely claiming his wife worked as a company executive . Family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood . His teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets . Police kept watch on the family’s home where he chopped down the hedge .
Koeman held talks with players to refocus their minds on European qualification after Victor Wanyama's future came under question . Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away from Arsenal . Wanningyama was quoted on Thursday claiming Arsenal were interested in his services .
Sir Alex Ferguson reveals that his life hasn't slowed down since he stepped down as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013 . The 73-year-old says he is doing 'making sure I remain active' because he no longer has one demanding day job . Ferguson has made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund . Click here for more Manchester United news .
Inverness defender Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin . Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident but not the gory details . The official had his view obstructed by bodies and the SFA could take no action . Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed .
QPR manager Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road . Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February . West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer . But the former Tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop .
Virgil van Dijk received a red card in the 3-2 defeat to Inverness Caledonian Thistle . Celtic manager Steven McLean claims they didn't see the handball . Van Dijk said the decision was 'terrible' and he 'didn't get the right decision'
Chris Ramsey was handed the manager's job at QPR until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role . The 52-year-old insists he is more than happy to remain in W12 regardless of what division he are in next season, although he hopes to be made permanent boss . Reports suggest that Ramsey could link up with former Tottenham colleague Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa this summer .
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on . The pair had a training-ground bust-up last week which saw the player drop for Sunday’s defeat by Tottenhams . Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the Premier League if they lose to Swansea .
Manny Pacquiao will face Floyd Mayweather in a mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 . The undefeated American says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' 'I need to fight every round like each one is the last round of my life,' he says .
Rose was in top form during the Masters and pushed Jordan Speith all the way . The Englishman posted a photo on Twitter of his high-tech indoor golf simulator . It allows players to practice their games inside their own homes, with such wind conditions to elevation levels .
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was poor in second practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix . It was a small mistake from Hamilton who gifted him the upper hand . Rosberg finished 15th and 16th, 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift of Kimi Raikkonen in Ferrari .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet for the Bahrain Grand Prix . Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time at the end of the session . There was no alarm as Mercedes focused on a particular plan . The race will start late evening at 6pm local time .
Belardo looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas than the British equivalent on May 2 . Atzeni is currently sidelined St Leger winner Kingston Hill away from quick ground . A trip to France could mean a re-match with Greenham Stakes winner Muhaararar . Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt .
Italian made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday . Dettori rode Muhaarar to victory on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Mr Singh on Saturday to win The Al Basti Equiworld Maidens . The 44-year-old has been bouncing higher than Tigger this week .
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National . But he will not ride in the Scottish National again until the Sandown next weekend . He will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championships . Cheveley Park Stakes winner Tiggy Wiggy will at least stay the seven furlongs of this afternoon’s Fred Darling .
Waikato Chiefs fly-half has ruptured anterior cruciate ligament . Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction . He will be out for at least six weeks, meaning he will miss the World Cup .
Mark McCall says he has no intention of overspending in post-World Cup transfer market . Saracens lost 13-9 to the Clermont on Saturday . McCall watched his side battle in vain before losing 13-9 .
Gloucester winger beat Exeter 30-19 in last-four tie . Cherry and Whites now face Edinburgh at Twickenham Stoop on May 1 . May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad .
England have not won away from home since 2012 . Alastair Cook and Peter Moores are under pressure to improve . The whole of England’s bowling psyche is about containment . England have spinners Adil Rashid and Joe Root but he hasn’t been bowled well enough to warrant selection .
Ben Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test at Saint George's . The Durham all-rounder was admonished by umpire Steve Davis . Stokes became embroiled in a row with Marlon Samuels in early November . Anderson bowled the West Indies opener with a huge in-swinger .
Steven Finn says he's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place . Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour . But he has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up – and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .
Off-spinner Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling in first Test . Pakistan all-rounder was reported for a suspect action five months ago . But he then failed an initial test on its legality and was cleared in Chennai . He was ruled out of the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand . The 34-year-old is free to resume playing in international cricket after tests .
James Anderson bowled Kraigg Brathwaite with a massive in-swinger . Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind as the bowler went to lunch . Match was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers . HotSpot technology not available in this Test series .
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in inaugural race . Four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12 . Team Sky's 2014 squad is led by Rotherham's Ben Swift and Scot Andy Fenn .
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday . It was Cleveland's first home playoff game since May 11, 2010, when the Celtics won Game 5 . Los Angeles surged in the second half to beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener . In Atlanta, Kyle Korver scored 21 points, including five three-pointers, as the top-seeded Hawks held the record .
Graeme Dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line . He clinched a 10-8 first-round victory over Ricky Walden at the Crucible . 37-year-old remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw .
Tony Pulis returned to Crystal Palace for the first time since leaving . Midfielder Craig Gardner scored the second with a fine long ranged effort . James Morrison headed West Brom ahead following a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt . Crystal Palace were relegated from the Premier League last season .
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner . The England international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which don't feature on his own iPod . Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is played in the Toffees' dressing room .
Graziano Pelle unleashes a strike in a crowded penalty area as Southampton doubled their lead against Hull City at St Mary's . The Italian striker ended a drought of 1,245 minutes as he scored his first Premier League goal since December 20 . Southampton manager Ronald Koeman said the victory will help the striker 'a lot'
Feyenoord winger Tonny Vilhena is keen to quit the club this summer . Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January . The Holland U21 international has one year left on his contract . Southampton are currently seventh in the Premier League table .
Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Southampton at the Britannia Stadium . Charlie Adam scored a late winner as his side were denied a place in the Europa League . Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones's hit Delilah is causing his side to be marked down in UEFA’s Fair Play League because of its violent theme .
Sunderland are considering a summer move for former Wigan striker Franco Di Santo . Argentine is playing for Werder Bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season . The 26-year-old previously played for Chelsea but struggled at Stamford Bridge and was sold to Wigan in 2010 .
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Hawthorns on Saturday . Tony Pulis' side ended their run of 10 away games without a victory . Pulis will turn up to the stadium in suit and tie then return to that again .
Walter Smith spent two spells in charge of Rangers . Former caretaker Stuart McCall took over from Kenny McDowall . McCoist handed in his notice following three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge under the likes of Craig Whyte and Charles Green .
Iniesta played a pivotal role in setting up Neymar for the opening goal . The 30-year-old ran from his own half before laying the ball on a plate . Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Camp Nou on Tuesday night .
Brendan Rodgers was found guilty of leaving a £69,950 terrace house to rot . He and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing . The pair were ordered to fix windows, doors and roof, and remove rubbish . But the council said in a statement that they did not receive a summons .
Jack Grealish must concentrate on his Aston Villa career, says Tim Sherwood . The 19-year-old impressed for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool . Grealil is expected to choose between Ireland and England at the end of the season .
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win against Reading on Saturday . The 6ft 6in German had just a minor ankle sprain when he twisted the joint . He is not expected to be fit in time for Sunday, but will be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista .
Birmingham beat Reading 1-0 in the Sky Bet Championship on Wednesday . Clayton Donaldson scored a late headed winner for the semi-finalists . Six of his fellow starters were retained in the match at Wembley .
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa during pre-season to be assessed . Former England Under-21 striker has enjoyed successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest and scored a superb free-kick against Watford . Sherwood is keen to see the 22-year-old train before making up his mind .
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final at Wembley against Arsenal . Brad Guzan is said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final win over Liverpool . Given understood Tim Sherwood's decision to keep faith in the competition with the Republic of Ireland goalkeeper .
Aston Villa have prioritised Swindon Town's Massimo Luongo as one of their summer signings . The 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January . Sherwood is being backed in the summer to bring in his own targets and many of them are the players Tottenham did not think were good enough to make the grade in the Barclays Premier League .
Micky Adams was the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season . Forty sackings were recorded by the League Managers’ Association . The trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07 . Malky Mackay was the 17th boss to be sacked this season earlier in April .
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week . The 27-year-old goalkeeper had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares, midfielder Andrea Orlandi has revealed . Blackpool supporters gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family before kick-off .
Blackpool's main reception was pelted with eggs before game with Reading . Disgruntled supporters chanted 'Oyston out' and 'we're relegated because of your greed' Chairman Karl Oyston was target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm . Blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw but manager Lee Clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans .
Blackpool relegated from League One after 1-1 draw with Reading . Disgruntled fans hurled eggs at the directors' windows and launching a flare, smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the West Stand . Lee Clark admits a 'horrendous season' had contributed to the swathes of empty seats at recent home matches .
Cristiano Ronaldo says he would love to play alongside his namesake if he had the chance to play anywhere today . The former Real Madrid striker ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 . Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American League side he now co-owns .
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . Andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis during the game at PSG . The midfielder has to be substituted after tangling with Javier Pastore . Barcelona take on Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday .
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to salvage a 1-1 Championship draw against play-off rivals Ipswich . The Wolves striker pounced after 50 minutes to cancel out an own goal by Richard Stearman . Wolves remain well placed for a top-six finish despite failing to hold on to the advantage they were presented by IpSwich in 2012 .
Chelsea are worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures . Official figures compiled by Football Association Fair Play delegates who attend every game and give ratings out of seven . Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley . Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the respect assessment .
Senior police officer warns of thuggish behaviour on trains weekly . British Transport Police has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far . Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'We're racist, we're black and that's the way we like it'
Tim Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday . Six-year-old Charlie Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked but was pipped to the post by Sherley . The Villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football .
Daniel Sturridge hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since Thursday . Striker was left out of the squad against Newcastle on Monday with tightness in his hip . Liverpool face Aston Villa in FA Cup semi-final second leg on Sunday .
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the ninth minute . Philippe Coutinho doubled the Reds' lead shortly after half-time . The 20-year-old was then sent off in the 71st minute for a lunge on Anfield . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is yet to decide on a new contract .
Kevin Pietersen has been injured while fielding for Surrey against Oxford MCCU . The Surrey batsman was hit on the hand during the second day of the match . He did not return after tea and was advised to miss the last session . Pieterson has returned to Surrey to play championship cricket for the first time in two years .
Gareth Bale has been urged to ignore a return to the Premier League by former Wales manager Mark Hughes . Bale won the Champions League in his first season at Real Madrid . The 25-year-old has been linked with Manchester United and Chelsea . Hughes played with Gary Lineker under Terry Venables for one season at Barcelona before being loaned to Bayern Munich .
Juve progressed to the Champions League last four after a 0-0 draw . The Serie A leaders won the tie on aggregate, having led from the first-leg 1-0 through Arturo Vidal's penalty in Turin . Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball after slipping onto the turf against Monaco on Wednesday night .
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for Premier League big boys Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu . Three Premier League giants were beaten 1-0 by Real in the Champions League quarter-finals .
Richard Eckersley is training with La Liga side Elche . The 26-year-old started his career at Old Trafford but failed to make an impact in Manchester . Eckersham signed for Burnley from Toronto FC on loan in 2011 . Toronto signed him permanently and he made over 50 appearances for the club .
Emad Sahabi's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball after just 19 minutes . The midfielder tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate, leaving it hanging off the end of his leg . Al Orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the result was overshadowed by his horror injury .
PSV Eindhoven won there first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday . Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control . Dordrecht moved closer to relegation after a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem .
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday to close in on Bundesliga title . Sebastian Rode scored 38th minute own goal and Bayern's Andreas Beck added own goal in stoppage time . Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference after Borussia Moenchengladbach drew 0-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt on Friday . Borussia Dortmund eased past visiting Paderborn 3-0 in their first game since Juergen Klopp's resignation .
Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players that the 'eyes of the world' would be fixed on the 214th Derby della Madonnina . But a goalless first half had produced the odd burst of quality, but little intensity . The two sides are struggling to create clear chances, with the exception of Philippe Mexes, Diego Lopez and Rodrigo Palacio .
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Dortmund a two-goal cushion against relegation-threatened Paderborn at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday . Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre . Eagles boss Shinji Kagawa completed the comeback with a . second-half header . Stretch was Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table .
Chelsea captain John Terry came in from behind with a strong challenge from behind on Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao . Cesc Fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to Oscar . Terry's back-heel sent the ball into the path of the oncoming Hazard to slot home .
Alexis Sanchez's low shot allowed Reading's goalkeeper to squirm between his legs and over the line on 115 minutes . Reading equalised through Garath McCleary, who deflected volley past Wojciech Szczesny . Sami Mokbel rated the players' performances at Wembley, including one from Michael Hector .
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge . Eden Hazard opened the scoring in the 38th minute . Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini . Click here to read Sportsmail's player ratings .
Bundesliga champions lost 3-1 to Porto in Champions League quarter-final . German legend Franz Beckenbauer accused Dante of playing as if he were wearing 'ski boots' Bayern Munich have signed new media agreement with Bundesliga club .
Newcastle host Garry Monk's side at St James' Park on Saturday . They have lost their last six Premier League matches in a row . Daryl Janmaat has likened Swansea clash to World Cup semi-final . Newcastle sit seven points clear of relegation with five games remaining .
Protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday . Protest is aimed at improving rights of construction workers for 2022 World Cup . More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction worker in Qatar this year . Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar organised the protest .
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants the World Cup to be rotated from 32 teams . Confederations should take turns hosting the tournament, he said . Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo .
Former Newcastle striker Nile Ranger has been AWOL since early in December . The 24-year-old says the club took the mick with his contract . Ranger wants to start a new season after his one-year deal ends .
Blackpool have reached their target of £20,000 for pensioner Frank Knight . The 67-year-old is being sued by the Oyston family, who run the Fylde coast club . Knight posted an apology on his Facebook account last week . Blackpool are the first Football League side to be relegated after their demotion was confirmed on Easter Monday .
Professor John Warren discovered the tree displays 'unique flowering behaviour' The trees, which grow in tropical and Mediterranean climates, flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees . The flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen . But now they use their . 'male anthers' to spread their pollen .
London-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength . The 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy right . But her effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items . Several of the outfits she has pictured in since her wedding cost at least £1,000 .
ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is 'no safety' for any American on the globe . The video claims that previous jihadis managed to carry out the 9/11 attacks with 'less resources' than what they currently have . It also claims to show the mass beheadings of U.S. journalist James Foley and the burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh .
Chelsea striker Harry Kane nominated for PFA Player of the Year . Hazard has scored 29 goals in all competitions so far for Tottenham . Blues runaway leaders Chelsea are top of the Premier League . Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho is also up for the award .
Harry Kane has scored 19 league goals this season and has been nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year . Goalkeepers Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea and Liverpool midfielders Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list . The winners, voted by their fellow professionals, will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26 .
Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich defeated Bayern Munich 3-1 in their first leg of their Champions League tie . Manuel Neuer gave the hosts the lead with a third minute penalty after Quaresma was brought down . The 31-year-old striker slotted home the spot-kick to give his side an early 1-0 lead . Franck Ribery was sent off for a foul on Rafinha after being fouled by Alonso .
England dominate first three Tests against Australia . But Chris Jordan grabs second stunning catch of the first Test . England finish on 98 for two, still 340 short of recreating Antiguan Test history .
1985 World Snooker final was watched by 18.5million by BBC2 . It was the biggest British television audience for post-midnight programme . Steve Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green . Dennis Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead .
Mauricio Pochettino is still in touch with chairman Daniel Levy . Aston Villa travel to London on the back of a 3-3 draw against QPR on Tuesday . Sherwood will be eager to prove a point - or three - at White Hart Lane . 'We believe in young talent - this is great. Tim, Chris Ramsey and Les Ferdinand deserve credit for the young players that have arrived in the first team,' he said .
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday 3pm) Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Spurs . Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend's Premier League fixture . Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are expected to miss out . Libor Kozak will not be considered as he regains fitness following 14 months out with a broken leg .
Swansea City host Everton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm) SUNDAY reveals all the team news, odds and stats ahead of the weekend . Manchester United host Chelsea on Sunday at the Etihad Stadium . Liverpool host Newcastle United at Stamford Bridge on Sunday . Sunderland host Southampton at the weekend; Tottenham host Aston Villa .
Daniel Levy tried to persuade Tim Sherwood to stay at Aston Villa . Former Tottenham boss sacked 46-year-old to bring in Mauricio Pochettino last May . Sherf will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday .
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of a New Hampshire courthouse on Friday morning . Prosecutors say Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, now 24 . Goodwin's lawyer acknowledged his client was 'touchy-feely,' but he didn't commit a crime .
The body farm would be in Lithia, Florida, for research into how Florida elements affect cadavers . The Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center is a 230-acre plot of land bordered by a landfill and county property . Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring .
Melissa Plancarte was filmed dancing on the stairs in the Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left' Seen by half a million fans, the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of Mexico's most beautiful women - dancing at the bottom of the courthouse staircase .
Jiang Min hasn't seen her husband for months and is struggling to pay for basic medical care . Father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year . Local media have cruelly compared Mengyu's webbed hands and feet to 'pigs'
Britt McHenry, 28, was filmed leaving her car to pick up a tow clerk on Easter weekend for her looks and social status . Online petitions for her to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released . Network has reinstated the mother-of-three to her position with a spot on SportsCenter .
According to a woman who is against the preachings of Andrew Caldwell, the St. Louis man got his just desserts . He became infamous late last year for a video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women, woman!' after a pastor claimed to have cured his homosexuality . The 21-year-old hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God .
Spanish Pablo, 27, and Latvian Ilze, 31, met in Riga in 2011 . The pair have been through 356 days so far and been through 16 countries . Ilze covers less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre . They pitch tent under stars and camp on the side of the road .
Tourist Diovani de Jesus posted the photo on Earth Day as a reminder that we can all co-exist . The turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters, travelling long distances between feeding areas and the beaches where they are hatched .
David Rush, 33, used to weigh 34st but lost 19st in just one year . Used to eat twice-daily takeaways and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day . Was afraid of cruel comments or being forced to squeeze past people . Decided to make a change after having problems walking around . Lost the courage to start cycling and now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs .
Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas . He said: 'My danger meter needs to be recalibrated' The wind formations tend not to last much longer than 15 minutes, and are too small-scale to appear on weather radars .
The video has been viewed more than 600,000 times . It was created by a group of moms from the US based company . Top tips include making room for date nights and completing chores .
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88million . Formula One world champion has his sights set on retaining his world title . Hamilton was sat front row with Olivia Munn and busily chatted in between takes for the new film Zoolander 2 . Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place . Jenson Button is £1million behind Rooney with £72m . Andy Murray is fourth on the list with wealth put at £48m a year .
Daniel Sturridge has been plagued by a hip problem for Liverpool . The striker has played just 12 league games for the Reds this season . He is expected to miss the remainder of the season due to injuries . Brendan Rodgers is looking for a proven attacker to call on consistently .
Ryan Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since taking over at Old Trafford . The Welshman made 963 appearances for United during his glittering playing career . He made a remarkable 25 trophies, including 13 Barclays Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues . Last week he spoke of his admiration for his own former assistant Jose Mourinho .
Ben Stokes had chance to renew his feud with Marlon Samuels . But pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated . England need eight wickets to have any chance of victory in this series . Root has a Test average of 110.1 in the last year . The 24-year-old looked dismayed after Anderson's careless mistake .
Midfielder has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . He could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty . Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection at Stoke .
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week . Goalkeeper will return to Spain and join Real Madrid on a free transfer . United would demand £30m if Real try to sign De Gea next summer .
Borussia Dortmund midfielder Ilkay Gundogan has been watched extensively by Manchester United . Louis van Gaal believes the 24-year-old has the ability to take over from Carrick on a long-term basis . Carrick has signed a new 12 month extension at Old Trafford .
Wladimir Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on Philadelphian Bryant Jennings on Friday . Ukrainian superstar has been reminiscing about how his success in the heavyweight division had all started for him . The 39-year-old says his age has no bearing on how long he can go on for . Click here for more boxing news .
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires . His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up . Race which was scheduled to be the last on the card has been moved forward to 4.25 .
Red Mazda careered off the road and crashed straight into the front door . It hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall . Incredibly, no-one was seriously injured in the accident .
Working men do two hours of housework a day, which doubles to 3.9 hours . But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners . Chores included doing the laundry and washing up, as well as running errands .
Shaun Andrew McKerry waved an axe as he demanded cash from shopkeeper . But he did not see Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to floor . His wife Sam helped, hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop the weapon . He had previously pleaded guilty at Durham Crown Court to attempted robbery .
A home video of six-year-old Jesse O'Brien taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has gone viral . The footage was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, last Wednesday to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume . Heidi said her idea to provide encouragement with ‘likes’ on Facebook exceeded wildest expectations within just one hour .
Modern day rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game . The World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy called William who made the daring decision to disregard the rules . Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of 'muscular Christianity' Dr Thomas Arnold is credited with transforming Rugby School's values in an effort to build pupils' characters .
Dan Potts header and Adam Drury own goal give West Ham a two-goal lead . Olivier Ntcham pulled back a goal for City, but it was not enough . West Ham are looking to overturn a 3-1 deficit at Stamford Bridge .
Jose Mourinho hits back at Arsene Wenger in his pre-match press conference . Chelsea boss says it is easy to set up a team primarily to defend against Monaco . 'If it was easy, you wouldn't lose 3-1 at home to Monaco. If he defends well he draws 0-0 against Monaco and wins in Monte Carlo. It’s not easy to defend,' he said .
Arsene Wenger insists he isn't haunted by decision to back out of Eden Hazard . The Frenchman pulled out of a deal to sign the Belgium international in 2012 . Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season after a stunning campaign .
Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga two years ago . But Manuel Pellegrini did not give Isco his big chance in the Champions League . Isco rarely starts for Real Madrid when all of Carlo Ancelotti's main options are fit . Yaya Toure's great strength makes him a star for La Liga giants . Click here for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Tottenham are ready to grant Emmanuel Adebayor a free transfer . Togolese's move has proved a massive financial burden for the club . The club would still like to receive a fee for the striker, but it may prove difficult to find a potential buyer .
Francis Coquelin is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic on Sunday . The midfielder has been on loan at Charlton this season . Arsenal take on Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon .
Chelsea take on Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Sunday afternoon . Jose Mourinho was stumped by a question posed to him at his press conference . Portuguese coach insists there are 'no problems' with Arsene Wenger . Chelsea beat Arsenal 6-0 in the Premier League last season .
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby during day seven of the Betfred World Championships . The 24-year-old has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best . Shaun Murphy came through qualifying and went on to lift the title in 2005 . No maiden winner of the World Championship in Sheffield has returned a year later to retain the trophy .
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . Bayern Munich were the third team to be drawn, and Real Madrid are the third . The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week . Real Madrid will play Juventus in the other semi-final, and they will play Real Madrid in the last four .
Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola admits he must work out a way to stop Messi . Bayern Munich boss is the greatest coach the club has had . The four-time Ballon d'Or winner watched his side beat Manchester City in the last 16 .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . MUHAMMAD ALI was the first boxer to be outpointed by Roberto Duran in Toronto in 1975 . In his first defence, Kinshasa was so confused that the scoring was changed to unanimously in Duran’s defence . The result was announced as a majority decision and the result was initially a unanimous decision .
Tickets for the Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao's weigh-in have sold out within minutes of going on sale on Friday evening . Boxing fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs . Friday's sale came after tickets for the mega-bout appeared on the secondary market just minutes after 8pm UK time (12 noon in Las Vegas) Just minutes later, tickets for . the richest bout in history began appearing on a secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $128,705 . (£85
Napoli vs Fiorentina favourable Europa League semi-final draw on Friday . Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro Dnopropetrovsk in Warsaw final . Spanish club will win the competition for a record fourth time, although overcoming La Viola will be a big ask .
Joe Root threw down his helmet and gloves after James Anderson's careless run out as he made his way back to the pavilion . Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder . The pair did eventually make up when they walked off for lunch following the West Indies spell at the crease .
Bath move within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec . Sam Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award . Exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to Tom Court's try . Blair Cowan scored a late consolation for the visitors .
Joe Root hit a great hundred in the second Test in Grenada . The West Indies left them with a 165-run deficit . Root admitted the flat pitch made it 'too easy to score runs and hard to take wickets' Stuart Broad took the wicket of Darren Bravo .
Joe Root reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days, after Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker . Root got there in fewer innings than India great Sachin Tendulkar . Marlon Samuels’ comedy salute to England’s Ben Stokes was dismissed after days of needling between the pair .
Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The charismatic manager will alert a host of clubs in England and across the continent . Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign . Liverpool were dumped out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday .
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille in a £10million deal last summer . Belgium international impressed at the 2014 World Cup and was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season . Origi has revealed the progress of Liverpool's youngsters has heightened his excitement at joining the club .
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI on Sky Sports . The Barcelona midfielder believes Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League . Song believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol .
Paula Radcliffe will run the final race of her professional football career . Sunday's London Marathon will be her final competitive running race . David Beckham has cried during his last appearance for PSG .
League One, League Two and Conference clubs could see a number of ups and downs . Here, Sportsmail takes you through the permutations in the Championship . Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth lose and Norwich fail to win . The situation at the bottom is complicated by Rotherham's three point deduction for fielding an ineligible player .
Tyson Gay had his ban reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities, and is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport . Bolt felt 'let down' by the disgraced sprinter and is no longer looking forward to competing against him .
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the semi-finals of the Champions League . Pepe Guardiola's side are 12 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga . Bayern must now work out how to prevent their old vulnerabilities returning against FC Porto .
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates this weekend . The 27-year-old joined Arsenal as a teenager before leaving in 2011 . Arsene Wenger continued to text him on birthdays and career milestones . But there is still believed to be only silence from the man he once called his 'second father'
Michael Cheika's Wallaby pack is being written off for the World Cup . England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time last November . Ben Youngs, Care and Wigglesworth have three half-backs who challenge the line every time at the backs . Cheika insists England will take them apart in the forwards at their peril .
Mauricio Pochettino heads to Southampton for the first time since leaving . Steven Davis says so many Southampton players worked under him . Davis says they 'never back away from (the fact) this is a big game' Tottenham are the only current Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat since their Premier League return in 2012 .
On-loan Derby defender Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday . The Football League maintain the paperwork for Rawson's extension wasn't handled properly . Rotherham are now just one point ahead of the Championship relegation zone with two games left .
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea . John Carver is not happy with recent criticism aimed at his struggling side . He says he does not listen to those who have never tried management .
Wayne Rooney was pictured driving his £100,000 Overfinch Range Rover . Manchester United striker looked glum just a couple of days after Chelsea loss . Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half .
Jose Mourinho admits his side were confused as to whether Marouane Fellaini was playing . Manchester United midfielder was dealt with in midfield by Chelsea's doorman . Chelsea boss was told by the doorman that Maroane 'wasn't playing' The Blues won 1-0 to move within two wins of the Premier League .
Patrick Bamford wins Championship Player of the Year at Football League Awards . Middlesbrough striker beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Watford's Troy Deeney . MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of Year award . Kevin Phillips, Danny Shittu, Peter Whittingham and Wes Morgan all made Team of the Decade .
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole went out for dinner hours after Manchester United's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea . Cole took to Twitter to upload a picture of himself with his former team-mates and their partners at a restaurant table . The trio all represented United during the Sir Alex Ferguson's greatest season at Old Trafford .
Memphis Depay has been tipped to join one of Europe's big boys . PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs' The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games this season . Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also among the contenders to sign Depay .
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's powered wheelchair football team for a training session last week . Goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division . He was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team .
Floyd Mayweather posted a video on Instagram adding a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his collection of sports cars . The American boxer is expected to get £120million for the fight . Mayweather beat fellow American Manny Pacquiao by winning the fight in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Jack Grealish took to Twitter shortly after arriving at Wembley to thank supporters for sending in messages . The 19-year-old's message read: 'Three seasons of rain boys, time to find the end of that rainbow and prove we're the pride of the Midlands!' Aston Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message .
Thiago Silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury and will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice on Saturday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiego Motta all join Silva on the sidelines for the trip to the Mediterranean coast . David Luiz still not fully fit as he recovers from ta problem but is still set to start .
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend . The Canadian star refused to shake hands with her opponent Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu on Tuesday night . Arda Turan was sent off in the second half as Real Madrid were forced to play with 10 men after a 76th-minute strike . Hernandez became the hero late on as he scored the winning goal in 180 minutes to settle the derby . Cristiano Ronaldo joined the celebrations with his fists as Real's Carlo Ancelotti dominated the game .
Juventus drew 0-0 away at Monaco in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final . It was the first time the two sides had met since 2003 when a penalty was given from Arturo Vital . Carlos Tevez was given his number three shirt for the celebrations as they ran to their fans with Leonardo Jardim . The Old Lady of Turin take on Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid on Friday .
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute . Jordan Rhodes doubled the lead just before half-time . Gesteder grabbed his hat-trick against Nottingham Forest on Saturday . Blackburn are four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham .
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career . The boxer has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years, including 16 Rolls-Royces, Lamborghini Aventador and Ferrari 458 Spider . Here, Sportsmail looks at his extravagant purchases with the world .
Boxing tickets for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao sold out within a minute of going on sale on Thursday evening . One ticket went for a cool $128,705 (£85,508) on StubHub . After weeks of wrangling and accusations between promoter Bob Arum, a batch of 500 to 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in May . Ticketmaster website experienced issues minutes before 8pm UK time .
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday . United are leading the hunt for the Dutch international but face opposition . PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great'
Dietmar Hamann thinks Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season . Former Germany international thinks Alonso is Bayern's preferred midfield choice . Franck Ribery is closing in on a return to fitness after an ankle injury .
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals . Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp in the other semifinal . Real Madrid will face Juventus, with the Italian champions playing home first . The final will be played on June 6 at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin . Click here to watch the action as it unfolded .
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on Javier Hernandez despite his goal against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old . Hernandez has only started twice in La Liga for Carlo Ancelotti's side . He will leave Real at the end of the season but does not feature in manager Louis van Gaal's plans .
Young is known for being the resident DJ at the Red Devils . But he admitted to being under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal . Singer-songwriter Olly Murs asked him if his music is funky house or house . United are currently third in the Premier League table .
Patrick Bamford, Joe Garner and Danny Mayor crowned league player of year . Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney in list dominated by attacking players . Each manager was asked to choose their top five players from this season . MK Dons' Dele Alli, signed by Tottenham and loaned back to League One club for season, picked up the award . Bristol City winger Luke Freeman was third in the voting .
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez are just seven goals short of clocking up a century in their first season together . The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals . In this campaign Messi has 46, Neeth Bale 28 and Karim Benzema 22, have 86 between them for Real Madrid . Messi/Eto'o/Messi forward line won the 2009 European Cup and they scored 98 goals
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . The MGM Grand Garden Arena will be ranked among the most important fights in ring history . In this year's series, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history will depend on what happens that night .
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . The MGM Grand Garden Arena will be one of the most important sporting events in boxing history . Among these are performances of George Foreman, Muhammad Ali, JOE JOHNSON and JAMES JEFFRIES .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . There was a foretaste of the current scramble for Mayweather-Pacquaio tickets . The MGM Grand Garden Arena will be one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . Louis' re-match with Max Schmeling was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria . James Jeffries was the first boxer to win the world heavyweight title on June 22, 1938 . The MGM Grand Garden Arena in New York City will host the winner tomorrow night .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . The MGM Grand Garden Arena in Reno, Nevada will be held on July 4, 1910 .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas . Mayweather focuses on his business interests and has invested large sums of money in real estate . He counts Justin Bieber and Lil Wayne among his celebrity fans . CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news .
QPR host West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday afternoon . Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep his club in the Premier League . Newcastle, Aston Villa, Leicester, Sunderland and Hull are all under pressure . There still exists a fear of sporting failure, fear of letting people down and fear of losing your job, your status and security .
Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon . Didier Drogba and Loic Remy could start up front against the Gunners . Mourinho's side trained at their base in Cobham on Friday . Chelsea have never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 matches .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in the Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed by a judicial panel panel on Thursday . Caley Thistle had challenged his one-game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball . The SFA published the reasons given by the chair of the three-man panel .
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30 . The Gunners won the coin toss ahead of the final with the winner choosing club colours in the event of a clash of strip . They picked their claret and blue home kit for the showpiece and therefore guaranteed that Arsenal have worn the same strip for every round of the competition this season . Arsenal last wore yellow in the 1980 FA Cup Final where they narrowly lost against West Ham United a year earlier .
Steve Bruce has revealed that Hull players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated . Tigers are fourth-bottom of the Premier League with one of the toughest run-ins facing them . Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the league, £43.3million in 2013/14 . Only Leicester and Burnley are paying less overall .
Raheem Sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism . The 20-year-old rejected an offer worth £90,000-a-week . Sterling was even heckled at the club's recent kit launch .
Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin can also play behind striker . Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for the highly-rated winger . Chelsea and Valencia have also watched the France Under 21 international .
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool . The Manchester United midfielder will return to Goodison Park on Sunday for the first time since his £27million move from Everton . Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind .
Bristol Rovers fell out of the Football League for the first time since 1920 . The League Two side were a Conference side three years after being in League One . But a year ago they lost their place in the League Two relegation zone . It's between second-placed Rovers, who play Alfreton and Barnet . Gateshead manager Gary Mills has discussed their vacancy this weekend .
Football equality campaigners Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to 'black up' Hartlepool United fans plan to dress up as Bob Marley for final day of season . Carlile United have a history of fancy dress, travelling as the Smurfs to Charlton in 2012 .
Chelsea are set to follow Tottenham’s lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June . The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses and expected to fly out on Wednesday after the Premier League season ends . Tottenham play on May 28 and a week before England's friendly away in Ireland, meaning international stars could forgo the trips .
Rafa Benitez has reached his seventh European semi-final in 12 seasons . The Spaniard has won two La Liga titles during his three years at Napoli . He guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005, 2007 and 2007 . Liverpool swooped as Gerard Houllier's replacement, overcoming AC Milan . Click here for more Liverpool news .
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Dayot Upamecano . 16-year-old almost joined United in January transfer window only for him to stay in France for a few more months . Monaco, Inter Milan and PSG had also expressed interest . City face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday .
West Ham are planning to move for Javier Hernandez this summer . The Mexican scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid . Hernandez is on loan at Real from Manchester United . He is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and will be available for £7million .
In the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and rivals Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura . Outfielder Adam Eaton alleged to have shouted an expletive at Ventura, who was said to have threw to first base to end the inning . Both players had to be kept apart by teammates and umpires .
Warrington completed notable double over Super League leaders . Kevin Sinfield made 500th appearance for Leeds . Yorkshiremen came up with their worst performance of the season .
Reigning heavyweight champion Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York . Fury is the mandatory challenger to the champion and hopes to lure him to England in the autumn .
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal and will join Toulon this summer . Queensland Reds fly-half becomes latest Australia international to move abroad . Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt .
Hudson Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana . He ended day tied for the lead on 11 under with three holes left . Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes .
Wigan Warriors beat Wakefield 40-22 in their Super League clash . Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick of the season . Sydney-bound winger is joining Sydney Roosters at the end of the year .
The Bradford Fire ripped through Valley Parade on May 11, 1985 . Fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured . A minute's silence will be held this weekend to mark the 30th anniversary . The top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend .
Former Chelsea winger Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played with throughout his career on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club . Former Lyon and France international Maloudeda chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team . The former Lyon man won the Premier League in 2010 and 2012 Champions League .
Juventus were beaten 1-0 by Olympiacos in the 2003 Champions League final . Andriy Shevchenko sent Buffon the wrong way with the winning penalty . Now, they are back among the continent's elite as they reach the semi-finals with Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona on the horizon . Captain Gianluigi Buffone was celebrated reaching the last four with a goalless draw against Monaco .
Yaya Toure looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer . The 32-year-old's clumsy statements should not be allowed to detract . Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions . He has simply been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen .
Flanker David Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies, on their way to a win against the Highlanders at Canberra Stadium on Friday night . But unfortunately for Devine, it wasn't actually the hand shaking gesture that's become popular recently - Pocock was actually doing sign language for a friend . After the match, Pocock responded that she'd misinterpreted his hand movements .
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East, Victoria . She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning, and were concerned for her because of her age .
Woman known only as MissieSmile21 taped posters to Sydney's light posts . Posts are appealing to 'tall, charming gentleman' who offered her umbrella . 'If you're single, let's grab a drink together,' reads one poster .
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord . In New Zealand, sports authorities monitor the number of injuries compared to the population making it possible to work out how risky it is .
Researchers from CNRS-GATE and University of California analysed sexes . They found that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes . The results suggest that while men enjoy competition in the office, women like to be rewarded for their own work, rather than that of a team .
The next iPhone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter, according to reports . Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone .
The Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe . It provides ‘enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming,’ according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it . Some combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies . While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery .
French diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas . Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge . The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom . Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
Analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on the internet auction site . It is listed with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage . For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change .
On Tuesday, SpaceX came incredibly close to landing its Falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the Atlantic . Now, leaked footage reveals just how close the attempt came to success, with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot . A deleted tweet by Musk says the rocket appeared to be suffering from 'stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag' The video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over .
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games against Arsenal . The Ivorian averages one goal every 78 minutes against his team . He scored both goals as Chelsea won the 2005 Community Shield 2-1 . Three weeks later, Droba secured a 1-0 win against Arsenal in the Premier League .
Video created by Italy's University of Udine's HCI Lab . It is based on an actual incident on January 15, 2009 . Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water after bird strikes . Only one person was hospitalised ovenight .
US aviation authorities have launched an investigation to determine if a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a Pennsylvania town . Residents believe the debris came from a lavatory holding tank . The FAA said it's 'physically impossible' for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight .
Sweden's passport was among the most frequently sold travel documents . There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available . Swedish passports can sell for as much as £6,000 each . British passport is 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in study . It allows visa-free entry into 174 countries, the same as Finland and US .
Mark Zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . In a Q&A on Facebook, Zuckerberg said: 'It will be pretty wild' Virtual reality will be able to capture whole 3D scenes and create new environments and then share those with people as well . Facebook bought Oculus Rift, the virtual reality headset, last year .
US filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months in Thailand filming beauty sites and beauty spots . The full-length video offers a glimpse into everyday life on the island of Ko Samui, plus street party and fireworks exploding just feet from a drone .
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films surrounding scenery . He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a slow and cautious manner . Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him . Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain .
The singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris . The chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July, with all hotel and travel costs covered .
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and other home nations . Officials were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke . This is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the English telling FIFA they want Great Britain football teams to Rio Olympics without informing other countries .
The 27-year-old was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday . Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping Johnson despite his charges . Johnson is due to appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League final . Sergio Ramos was pitched into midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric . The defender has filled in at left-back, can play across the midfield and actually started his youth football career as a box-to-box midfielder . He is Real Madrid’s Carles Puyol – the all-action hero who rises above everyone else in in the penalty area .
Iker Casillas has been at Real Madrid since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old in 1996 . Manchester United No 1 David de Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland . The Spanish giants are hoping to become the first team to retain their Champions League title .
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine . Hazard fools his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession . Chelsea star will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
Research was carried out by YouGov for higher education firm GSM London . 600 employees and senior execs were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves . Worst spelling blunder is spelling or grammatical mistake, with 88% admitting it annoying .
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused her marriage to LA Angel Josh Hamilton to end . He filed for divorce two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged . Katie has insisted she has never been unfaithful .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday . The pair revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight . Mayweather is a fan of the Brad Pitt film and prefers to eat hot water .
An injured and diseased Husky was picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide . The Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car . He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections .
Fiona, 51, knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' She became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her home . Police later discovered two cars in her street were broken into and garden tools were stolen from her yard earlier that day . It is unknown if the thefts are related .
Audrey Nethery has Diamond Blackfan Anemia, a bone marrow disorder that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen . Her parents are now posting videos of her dancing to Bruno Mars' hit Uptown Funk to raise money for the DBA Foundation . The six-year-old has already endured 20 blood transfusions and will undergo more in the future .
Lewis Hamilton is the current triple world champion . The Briton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in Bahrain . He is looking to extend his lead in the British Formula One championship .
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Nico Rosberg was back to his best this season . Rosberg won the Bahrain Grand Prix 93rd in the drivers' standings . The Briton is 27 points adrift of team-mate Hamilton in the title battle .
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 pre-season test debut on Wednesday . The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, drew huge media interest to the Oschersleben circuit in Germany as he drove his Van Amersfoort car . His father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 and is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident .
A 66-year-old man reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon . He was arrested for a 'breach of the peace' and one count of public nuisance . The man will face Brisbane Magistrate's Court on Saturday morning . Dawn Services will start at 4.28am at the Shrine of Remembrance in Adelaide Street's, King George Square and Queen Street Mall .
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday . More cars were left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water . Storm is expected to move up to Chicago in next few days . Texas was hit by a tornado on Saturday night, with winds of up to 80mph .
Rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey . Young fox cub was stuck for around 40 minutes and was unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position . The cub is clearly distressed however and spits at the wildlife expert’s incoming hand before making a lunge at it with its mouth open .
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona right-back Martin Montoya pull off trick shot . Video was recorded at Barcelona's Ciutat Esportiva training ground . The 23-year-old lifted the ball into the net to the sound of gasps .
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg . The egg measures just 1.8cm in length and is smaller than a five pence piece . It was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, but is not sure which laid it .
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand . Footage shows him leaping out of a helicopter as they dive down into the sea . The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of the world's largest volcanic stack .
Three men could be seen scaling huge waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney . On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, according to the Manly Hydraulics Laboratory . A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead .
Hamilton and Button have been put through their paces ahead of Sunday's London Marathon . Button is training for the Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata . Former team-mate Januray Button revealed he will be running for Cancer Research UK .
Lewis Hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than any stage in his F1 career . The Brit has won nine of the last 11 races and sits 27 points in the standings . He also pretended to smack an imaginary baseball out of his Mercedes . Hamilton has been on pole at the last four of the Bahrain GP .
James Wilson says he would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . Manchester United starlet would want Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts . Wilson said he was training with the first team to learn from experienced forwards, who have scored more than 450 goals between them .
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . Peter Moores, James Whitaker and Angus Fraser have all been slow to react to situations such as Alastair Cook's sacking . Nasser Hussain believes everything that has gone wrong with English cricket has not been down to handling Kevin Pietersen's fall-out from book causing untold damage to so many relationships .
TalkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 Premier League draw with QPR on Tuesday night . Former Villa striker was astonished with his wild remarks from the press box . He called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f****** rat' during the match .
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini . His wife Sofia admits that the Uruguay striker didn't believe he had done anything . But the television and radio replays suggested otherwise and he owned up . He responded: 'I haven’t done anything. Are you not happy because Uruguay qualified?'
Sunderland star Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child . The 27-year-old was arrested on March 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later . Johnson will appear before magistrates on May 20 - the same day the case will be sent to the Crown Court . If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term if found guilty . Chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future .
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl on March 2 . Sunderland will not suspend the midfielder until the outcome of his case is decided . Dick Advocaat supported the decision not to suspend Johnson .
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . Johnson, 27, arrived at Peterlee police station on Thursday afternoon . He will appear at Magistrates Court on May 20 .
Paul Scholes believes Eden Hazard needs to be more selfish if he wants to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . Chelsea playmaker is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award . Hazard scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances last season .
Wladimir Klitschko will fight American Bryant Jennings in his 27th heavyweight title on Saturday . The Ukrainian has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the title in 2006 . He holds a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout with Jenningson, who is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago .
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at Madison Square Garden in New York . Ukrainian will take on Joe Louis and Larry Holmes in successful defences . He would still need six more wins to match Louis' record of 25 .
Paul Nicholls-trained Mr Mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up . Irish raider Special Tiara and Nicky Henderson’s Sprinter Sacre will be ridden by Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the absence of injured Barry Geraghty .
AP McCoy is retiring from Jump and will jump at Sandown this weekend . The Irishman won the Grand National on Don't Push It in 2010 . He has won 253 winners in the 1997-98 season, a British record and more . Awarded an MBE in 2003 Queen's Birthday Honours and an OBE in 2010 Queens .
Chris Gayle is not adverse to bowling spin, so he has tried his hand again . The 35-year-old uploaded an Instagram picture behind some DJ decks on Tuesday . Hosts Bangalore travel to Kolkata Knight Riders for IPL season on Saturday . Possessing potent batting order that includes Gayle, AB de Villers and Virat Kohli .
Wayne Rooney has been interviews with Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme . The Manchester United striker admitted in the interview that he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street . Rooney was asked which of his 'bigs' he would have in the team . He joked: 'Just like this! That's the annoying part!'
Zoumana Camara has been dunked into his birthday cake by a duo . The prank was set up by Chelsea defender David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi . PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday at Stade Velodrome . Camara is a fringe player and is unlikely to feature in the biggest game of the season .
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez's Extra programme on April 1 . The Filipino traded hill runs and graft in the gym for a touch of Hollywood glamour . Hours later he was ever the entertainer in dark sunglasses and a leather jacket . He even sang a duet of Lionel Ritchie’s Hello with Lopez on stage .
UFC's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the premiere of Fast & Furious 7 . The 7th film of the franchise to be released on April 3 in the UK with her MMA skills used to full effect .
Diego Maradona put his ‘hand of God’ to different use as he kept in shape by taking part in some boxing training . The 54-year-old has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012 . He started off with some shots to the head before he moves to the body .
Bayern Munich are interested in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . The Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea . PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech .
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for Manchester City misfit Stevan Jovetic . The 25-year-old striker is keen to return to Italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013 .
Victor Wanyama took to Twitter to dismiss rumours he was set to leave Southampton for Arsenal . Kenyan midfielder's stock has risen after forging a midfield partnership with Morgan Schneiderlin . He has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham .
Real Madrid are unlikley to take up their option to make Javier Hernandez's loan permanent at Real Madrid permanent . Lazio, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be kept informed . Southampton may yet strike a deal involving Nathaniel Clyne . The striker has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football .
Alan Pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club Newcastle for goalkeeper Tim Krul . The Crystal Palace manager says he has had no contact with Krul or current Eagles goalkeeper Julian Speroni over a move . Krul has been dubbed Crystal Palace's No 1 goalkeeper .
Juventus have ruled out a move for Radamel Falcao after claiming his wages are 'beyond their means' The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in PSG's Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani . The club reached the Champions League semi-finals at the expense of Monaco on Wednesday, with Carlos Tevez set to return to Boca Juniors .
Chelsea have suffered a blow in their pursuit of Palermo's Paulo Dybala . The 21-year-old striker has scored 13 league goals this season . Reports in Italy suggest that Juventus have offered £23million for Dybala, who admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo .
Gareth Bale is adamant he wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season . Bale injured his calf during Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga . Manchester United are also keen on signing David de Gea this summer .
Patrick de Koster has confirmed that he held talks with Manchester City . Wolfsburg midfielder is expected to cost around £40million after joining Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year . De Bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season .
Premier League champions want to reshape squad after a disappointing season . Yaya Toure is open to a move away from the Etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season, says former Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini . Toure will not remain at City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages . The 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form and is wanted by City .
Kurt Zouma has impressed at the heart of Chelsea defence this season . The 20-year-old says he hopes to one day win the Ballon d'Or . He hopes to emulate former club captain Marcel Desailly . Click here for more Chelsea news .
Manchester United have made an approach for winger Memphis Depay . The 21-year-old worked under Louis van Gaal during Holland's 2014 World Cup campaign . Tottenham were keen on signing PSV Eindhoven star last summer . Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season .
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season . Arsenal must make a swift decision on the goalkeeper this summer . Liverpool, PSG, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old and Cech is understood to be keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible .
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez as part of a summer Anglification of their squad . Club aware of lack of homegrown talent at senior level with departure of Frank Lampard and James Milner . Premier League rules state that clubs must have eight homegrown players in squads of 25 .
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur . The 27-year-old only joined Palace last summer in a deal worth £7million . West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances . They want extra legs in their midfield and have concerns over if they will sign Alex Song on a permanent basis from Barcelona .
Alvaro Morata has been a target for Arsenal a year ago but opted for a move to Italy instead . Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up . City also want to sign Paul Pogba from Paris Saint Germain .
Hearts confirm captain Danny Wilson will leave the club this summer . The defender has activated a clause in his contract at Tynecastle . Sportsmail exclusively revealed that Ronny Deila has the former Rangers player on a list of his summer targets .
Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future at Juventus . The striker has been linked with a return to his boyhood club Boca Juniors . But Tevez has refuted claims suggesting he will rejoin the club in the summer .
Carlos Tevez's contract with Serie A champions does not expire next season . But the Argentina international has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave . Boca Juniors are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old . Juventus are reluctant to lose the league's top scorer .
Edinson Cavani is a target for Manchester United this summer . PSG striker insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires . Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie are both expected to return to Monaco .
PSV captain Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to Manchester United, Arsenal and Newcastle . The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season . PSV face Heerenveen at home on Saturday in the Eredivisie .
Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks . Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to balance the books . The 23-year-old cost Chelsea £19.35m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old .
Carlos Tevez has revealed that he wants to leave Juventus this summer . The former Manchester United and West Ham striker is currently under contract until the end of next season . However, Italian paper Corriere della Sera insist that the club will not stand in Tevez's way, and that they have simply asked him to give his all until June .
Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season . The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager . Tom Lees joined last summer from Leeds, and Keiren Westwood is among the contenders for the club's Player of the Year award .
Chelsea are in talks with Patrick Bamford over a new long-term contract . The 21-year-old is on loan at Middlesbrough for the season . Chelsea want to tie him down to a contract extension at Stamford Bridge . Midfielder scored in Boro's 2-1 win over Wolves in January .
Stoke winger Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment . Nigeria international damaged his hamstring against West Ham on Saturday . The 24-year-old is expected to be out for six weeks . Stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent deal for Moses .
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday . The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday . Nathan will join Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge .
Swansea have made a contract offer to Marseille striker Andre Ayew . 25-year-old Ghana international is out of contract in the summer . Wolfsburg and Borussia Dortmund are also interested too . Swans are keeping track of Schalke's Christian Fuchs as a replacement for Neil Taylor .
Arsenal are having reservations over their interest in Raheem Sterling . Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents . Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring the England star . Bayern Munich are also interested in signing Real Madrid's Zinedine Zidane .
Gareth Bale has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United . Real legend Zinedine Zidane says Bale will not return to the Premier League . The Welshman joined Real for a world record £86million in 2013 . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri . The Ivorian midfielder will be made available before his value dwindles . City boss Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny after Sunday's 4-2 defeat by Manchester United .
Swansea City are interested in Schalke full back Christian Fuchs . Austria international captain is out of contract in the summer . Swans are also interested in England from Sunderland, Hull and Fulham .
Nabil Bentaleb's current deal expires in summer of 2018 . The Algerian midfielder's wages are expected to rocket to £35,000-per-week . Tottenham want the contract concluded sooner rather than later .
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in London . The move came days after claim appeared in ethnic freesheet . Race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, who has been accused of rigging victory .
Video shows murky flood water that submerges train line and begins moving like a river past the platform . Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years . 12 local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones . Thousands of people remain stranded in parts of New South Wales as emergency services begin to clean up .
Grace Joy Roseman died after she manoeuvre herself over edge of adjustable cot . A 'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply from her windpipe, court heard . Coroner has called for 'dangerous' cot to be pulled from shelves . 'It should be question whether these should be options available at all'
Dapper Laughs documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne in a video posted online . The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape' He sprang to Vine where he joked about how women couldn’t resist him . Dapper is the controversial persona previously 'killed off' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly .
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar . The males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following the violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video .
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . Officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene .
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn . Rovers' promotion hopes are over for this season but he has set his sights on a move . Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest in the £7million-rated forward in the past .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in the Scottish Cup final after his handball debacle was dismissed . Celtic boss Ronny Deila believes the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships . He wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend's Scottish Cup semi-final defeat to inverness, seeking 'to understand' why his side failed to act .
Mauricio Pochettino faces a hostile reception at St Mary's on Saturday . Southampton fans still angered by his decision to leave for White Hart Lane in the summer . Former Southampton boss says he doesn't want to be popular among fans .
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name . Yannick Bolasie will leave the club for between 40 and 60 million pounds . The winger would use the money to build a formidable squad . Crystal Palace host Hull City on Saturday in the Premier League .
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in the Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed . The SFA judicial panel decided on Friday it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case . He was cleared to play in May's Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk after a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was thrown out .
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 to climb clear of relegation zone with victory . Three successive defeats had destroyed Marseille's hopes of landing Ligue 1 title . Marseille were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes through Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou . Lorient had not won at home since January 31 .
Ronald Koeman has told fans he won't leave Southampton this summer . The Dutchman has been a revelation in his first season in English football . Southampton only need a point to break their record points tally last season .
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise . New stadium could involve a 'slide-out' grass football pitch with extra-large changing rooms . NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London . Officials will be testing logistics when they stage their three games at Wembley .
Jack Grealish has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team . The Aston Villa midfielder has been on loan at Arsenal until the end of the season . Carl Jenkinson says he should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England . Ireland boss Martin O'Neill is understood to be keen to include the youngster in his plans for a friendly against Roy Hodgson's side .
West Ham are the first club to drop season tickets off the back of a Premier League record three-year, £5.13bn television deal . Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any football club in a long time . The cheapest adult season ticket for that campaign will cost £289 – a considerable saving on the £620 equivalent this season .
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham in October . Nicola Cortese sacked Nigel Adkins and replaced him with Argentine . The Argentinian spent 16 months in charge at Espanyol before departing . Harry Kane has flourished under the first team but excelling under him .
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the NFL . Domestic violence charges against Hardy, who signed with Dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify . The NFL's investigation concluded that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in at least four instances .
Super Bowl champions New England Patriots will begin the 2015 season at home to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday, September 10 . The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night and the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season . This season will also see three games played at Wembley Stadium as part of the NFL International Series .
First-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of 27-year-old Odin Lloyd . For reasons that were never made clear to the jury, Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez’s home . Police almost immediately zeroed in on Hernandez because they found in Lloyd’s pocket the key to a car the NFL player had rented . Within hours of Hernandez's arrest, the Patriots cut the former Pro Bowl athlete, who was considered one
Seattle bounced back from 16-7 defeat to Seattle in the playoffs two years ago . Michael Bennett labelled the tight end 'soft' and 'overrated' Graham signed a deal with Seattle which gives Russell Wilson a target . Bennett said he will be a better team-mate to him because he's on my team .
Charles Tillman has agreed a 12-year deal with the Carolina Panthers . The two-time Pro Bowler will link-up with Ron Rivera . Tillman was drafted in the second round from Louisiana Lafeyette in 2003 .
The Pittsburgh Steelers ended last season without star running back Le'Veon Bell . Bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league's substance abuse policy . He was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana . Blount was banned for the first game of the season earlier this week after being charged with marijuana possession .
The 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets . He played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl . 'Sending love to all my day one fans, and every team-mate I've had the pleasure to take the field with,' Ridley posted on Instagram .
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx after a physical fight . The Talibs were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend . Talib signed a six-year, $57 million contract last year .
Sarah Thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season . The 41-year-old was in the NFL's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year . Officiated two seasons in the United Football League, which is now out of business .
Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for Kiko Alonso and says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like the stars . McCory has taken a swipe at Kelly since arriving at Rex Ryan's Bills last month . 'Here is more of a NFL type of feel,' he said .
Running back due to be reinstated on April 15, according to NFL insider Ian Rapoport . Peterson told ESPN he was 'uneasy' about returning to the franchise . The Vikings start offseason workouts in a fortnight and head coach Mike Zimmer has repeatedly spoken of his desire for Peterson to stay .
Sarah Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season . The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated as a line judge . She would go on to become the first woman to referee in a Big Ten stadium and a bowl game .
Londoner Efe Obada joins Dallas Cowboys next month for rookie mini-camp . 22-year-old only took up American football half way through last season . He was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde . Durde spent six months honing 6ft 5in mountain as a defensive end or tight end .
Jacksonville Jaguars committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2015 . UK-based fan will get to announce their sixth and seventh draft picks live on TV . It will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the United States . First three rounds of this year's draft will take place in Chicago .
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Illinois to take the WBC super-middleweight title . Jack, the Las Vegas-based Swede who fights under the banner of Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s promotion, connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round and forced the fight inside on a tiring Dirrell (27-1-1) Danny Jacobs, four years removed from a fight with cancer, stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round to successfully defend his WBA middleweight title
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in a weigh-in on May 2 . Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm . All funds raised will go to two charities chosen by Mayweather - Susan G Komen and Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health .
Nicola Adams had to pull out of the English National Championships after a burglary at her Leeds home . Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division including a showdown against Great Britain rival Lisa Whiteside . The 28-year-old was due to fight at Liverpool's Echo Arena on Saturday .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet in Las Vegas on May 2 . The fight is being billed as The Fight of the Century . Mayweather holds an undefeated professional boxing record going into the bout having lost five of his previous 47 professional fights . Tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on Thursday night .
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey . Rockhold wants a pay-per-view title shot in the 185-pound division . MMA would have to become legalized in New York for that bout to happen .
Lyoto Machida will take on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night . The 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb . Click here for more UFC news .
Lyoto Machida faces Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday . The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . Rockhold: 'I've just got to cut him off, slowly progress and be the bull'
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather in less than 30 seconds if he ever pitted against the best boxer in the world . McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against featherweight champion Jose Aldo on May 2 . The most famous boxer to make the move to mixed martial arts is former world champion James Toney who fought Randy Couture in 2010 .
Ronda Rousey appeared with The Rock at WrestleMania 31 on March 29 . The UFC women's bantamweight champion wants to return to WWE . Her focus is on her upcoming UFC fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia .
Conor McGregor is challenging Jose Aldo for his featherweight title in Las Vegas on July 11 . The Irishman has already had a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and 'The Notorious' has now revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach . McGregor claims he has more motivation to win the title than the man he challenges .
Jimi Manuwa lost his first career loss to Alexander Gustafsson in October . The Londoner does not expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the Octagon . He believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent .
Mirko 'Cro Crop' Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday . Filipovic lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70 . The Brazilian insists he does not view the fight as a rematch given the eight-year wait .
Conor McGregor grabbed Jose Aldo's eighth defence against Conor . The Irishman said: 'He can't hide the fact he doesn't want this the way I want it'
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead development of new drug testing programme . He was involved in investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin . UFC have implemented a new year-round out-of-competition testing protocol .
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in Fairfax on Saturday night . Mendes is currently in the UFC's featherweight rankings . Lamas was knocked out in the first round by Mendes .
No 1 ranked Chad Mendes and No 4 ranked Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax . Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king and Lamas . Aldo's upcoming opponent, Irishman McGregor, has dominated conversation .
Paula Creamer has called for a women's Masters tournament for women at Augusta National . The idea came in the lead up to this week's Swinging Skirts LPGA Classic . Creamer won the 2010 Women's US Open .
Justin Rose finished joint second with Phil Mickelson behind Jordan Spieth at Augusta National earlier this month . The former US Open champion has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings . Rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the Masters for the first two rounds .
Lindsey Vonn has been dating golf's former No 1 Tiger Woods since 2013 . The 30-year-old spoke on the Late Night With Seth Meyers during a chat show . She credits Woods' daughter Sam, seven, and son Charlie, six, with helping her overcome a knee injury that kept her out of Sochi Winter Olympics . Vonn is set to compete at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeong Chang, South Korea .
Bubba Watson is used to wowing spectators with unorthodox trick shot . The 36-year-old took to Twitter to show fans a new trick he had been working on . Watson's form has been poor at the Masters and Shenzhen International .
Three-time winner Nick Faldo will make final Open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship's 155-year history at St Andrews in July . Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open 2015, the 40th anniversary of his first victory at Carnoustie .
Jim Furyk achieved his first PGA Tour victory since 2010 . The 44-year-old defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole . Former US Open champion hit a final round eight-under 63 . He moved ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt with a three-shot lead .
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat won his second European Tour title . The 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to finish 12 under par . It was the overnight leader with two holes to play, only for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last .
Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday . The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013 . Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par .
Jordan Spieth shot 62 in second round to sit six under at RBC Heritage . Troy Merritt fired 10-under 61 to equal course record at Harbour Town . The playing partner took everyone by surprise with a storming run which shot him to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall .
Scottish golfer Carly Booth takes to Instagram to show off her bikini body . The 22-year-old is in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine . Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for Ladies European Tour at the tender age of 17 .
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par . The 21-year-old looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in South Carolina . He finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 .
Martin Kaymer, Luke Donald and Patrick Reed have confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open . McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down from May 28-31 . The world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field, who will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million .
Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion . The defending champion sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi's lead and is in joint 17th place .
Masters champion Jordan Spieth returns to action just days after winning the Masters . The 21-year-old arrived at Sea Pines Resort late Tuesday night after a media whirlwind in New York . He has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events .
Rory McIlroy was filmed battling with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan . Circular Soccer is a new football game based around a three sided goal . The World No 1 defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown .
Agnieszka Radwanska is currently ranked No 9 in the Wimbledon women's singles . Navratilova issued statements on Friday to announce the parting . The 2012 Wimbledon runner-up has struggled this season .
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 . Russian won four straight games to clinch the first set but faded in third . Three-time world No 2 Sha Rapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart . Madison Brengle of the United States upset third seed Petra Kvitova 6-3, 7-6 (3)
Fabio Fognini beat Rafael Nadal 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals of the Barcelona Open . It was the world No 4's first win in six Barcelona appearances but he will now face Pablo Andujar, who also caused an upset in coming through 6-3, 6-4 .
Agnieszka Radwanska was knocked out of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix by Italian clay specialist Sara Errani . World No 9 will now take on Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas after the rising star dismissed world No 19 Sabine Lisicki 6-0 6-0. Angelique Kerber beat American Alexa Glatch 6-2 7-5 to set up a second-round meeting with Maria Sharapova .
Rafael Nadal beat compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round . The world No 4 and second seed comfortably dismissed the unseeded Spaniard . Barcelona star Neymar watched the pair meet in the 2013 Barcelona final .
Victor Estrella beat Main Cilic 6-4, 6-4 at the Barcelona Open . Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with fitness . Santiago Giraldo beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 .
Serbian fifth seed Ana Ivanovic was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's world No 29 in Stuttgart . Garcia won their first round clash in the clay court Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Tuesday . Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six), and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Ordinary British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for tickets this summer . There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club . Well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round .
Top seed Kei Nishikori triumphant from the second-round encounter after seeing off Russian opponent 6-3 6-4 . The other seeds to advance to the third round were Roberto Bautista-Agut and Tommy Robredo . Madrid-born 2010 champion Fernando Verdasco's participation is over after he lost 7-6 (7/4) 6-3 to Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has revealed he felt like he was British when Andy Murray won Wimbledon two years ago . The Chelsea manager was given a tour of SW19 as part of a new deal between Jaguar and the All England Lawn Tennis Club .
Baron's Court will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19 . Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly . It means a bumper helping of six weeks’ top level grass court tennis in the UK this summer .
Serena Williams fought back to beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 on Sunday . The World No 1's defeat relegated the American to World Group II . Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the Australian Open .
World No 1 Rafa Nadal looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open . The Serbian has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks . But the Spaniard insists 2015 is no different to those he has faced before .
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo . Serbian became the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events . The 27-year-old Serb had overpowered Rafael Nadal to reach the final .
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene uses a carrot-and-stick method with Kimi Raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high . Lewis Hamilton yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with Mercedes . The 30-year-old has arguably never been happier during his Formula One career .
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an energy system prevented him from making it to the start line . Lewis Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg at every race this season . Only Michael Schumacher (40), Ayrton Senna (9) and Sebastian Vettel (27) have more .
Formula One supremo confirms Azerbaijan will stage European Grand Prix . Bahrain Grand Prix will take place in capital Baku despite country's poor human rights record . A series of events will be held in the capital, Baku, despite F1's due diligence .
Jenson Button set to start from the back of the grid in Bahrain . The British driver failed to complete the qualifying session . But despite frantic work from his McLaren team to get his car ready, Button was forced to watch from the sidelines .
Jenson Button's McLaren stopped on track on Friday due to technical issues . The 35-year-old's engine cut out at the first corner due to an electrical failure . Button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since 2008 Canadian Grand Prix when he was driving for current power-unit suppliers Honda .
Lewis Hamilton qualifies for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday . Lewis Hamilton will start behind his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg . The German is third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton . Sebastian Vettel emerging as the putative title contender .
Lewis Hamilton qualified for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday . He is flanked by team-mate Nico Rosberg who qualified second and third . Hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights at Sakhir . Ferrari are now in the championship fight, changing the dynamic for Hamilton .
Kimi Raikkonen has been urged to stay at Ferrari if he wants to stay . The Finn has let himself down in qualifying, although has recovered well in the last two races in Malaysia and China to finish fourth . There is an option for 2016 providing both parties are in agreement .
Nico Rosberg described Ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' But the German is wary of the threat from the rivals ahead of Bahrain GP . Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel finished third and fourth quickest .
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down at FP2 on Friday morning . The engine had to stop out on track before the start of the free practice . Button finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg in his Mercedes .
Bernie Ecclestone urges Lewis Hamilton to think the unthinkable - and consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari . The 30-year-old is yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes . Hamilton will team up with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari to settle which of the pair is the better driver .
Jockey Davy Condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the Grand National earlier this month . It is the second injury to an Irish jockey this month after Colleague Robbie MacNamara sustained a similar injury in a fall 24 hours before the race .
Robbie McNamara is still recovering from serious injuries in a fall . The jockey broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs . He was due to partner last year's Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere in the Grand National at Aintree .
French trainer Freddy Head has likened his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit . The two colts remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2 . Head: ‘Ride Like the Wind is on the same sort of level as Charm Spirit was at this time last year. He has done very well since his last race,' adds Head .
Arsenal legend will present AP McCoy with his final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday . Track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which the retiring rider fervently supports . Wright will travel to London to present his BBC5Live radio phone in .
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts . There is a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 . Boss JP McManus has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race .
Northampton face Saracens in top-of-the-table clash on Saturday . Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Exeter . England flanker Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form .
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal . The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side . He has penned a deal with Alan Solomons' side until May 2017 .
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month . He should have been ineligible for the Aviva Premiership club . The case will be heard by a panel of Jeremy Summers, Bonike Erinle and Robert Horner on Monday, April 27 .
Manu Tuilagi is 'taking it week by week' as he continues recovery from groin injury . Leicester Tigers centre has been sidelined for most of the season . England star has not played for England since the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in October .
Matt Giteau has been drafted back into Toulon's squad four years on . The 32-year-old master playmaker has been an outstanding force in France . He was left out of the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand . Wallabies have gained more experience and firepower for the World Cup .
Billy Vunipola, Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award . Saracens defeated Munster 13-9 in round five of European Champions Cup . Cian Healy and Fritz Lee also selected for Leinster's quarter-final .
Ulster back Michael Allen will join the club this summer . The 24-year-old joins on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017 . Allen, who has never lived outside of Ireland, can either play at wing or centre .
England assistant coach Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England . Stuart Lancaster's side will take on South Sea Islanders in World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18 at England HQ . England will begin preparations for the tournament with a two-week training camp at Pennyne .
Davy McGregor was injured after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts . Former Ulster hooker was on his way to a plastic surgeon to salvage the ear . The Barbarians won the game 97-31 .
Australian Rugby Union reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad with a groundbreaking policy change on Wednesday . Flyhalf Matt Giteau and winger Drew Mitchell, as well as flanker George Smith, who also plays for Toulon, would immediately qualify for the World Cup . Quade Cooper, who was on the verge of signing for Tolon, and two other high profile Wallabies backs, Israel Folau and Kurtley Beale, have yet to commit to the ARU beyond the end of the season .
Conor O'Shea has ruled Mike Brown out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale and he is not expected to face Bath the following week . Brown has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury . The 29-year-old was knocked out in England's Six Nations victory over Italy at Twickenham in February .
The 28-year-old New Zealander has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles . He is set to follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham next season . Leicester rugby director Richard Cockerill said: 'Mike will be a good addition to our group of locks, especially the retirement of Louis Deacon and Brad Thorn'
England captain Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . Opening-stand century was England's first in Test cricket for more than two years — since March 2013 . New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson a doubt for series after breaking a finger . West Indies bowler Shannon Gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on Wednesday .
Joe Root unbeaten on day three with England posting 74-run lead . Root's personal effort was also his sixth Test century . Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott at the top .
Ben Stokes sent Marlon Samuels a military-style salute on Thursday . The gesture was seen as good 'banter' by Geoffrey Boycott in the second Test . England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74 thanks to Joe Root's unbeaten 118 .
Alastair Cook hung his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century . The England captain again fell short of the magic three figures despite looking as solid and unflustered at the crease as at any time in the two years since his last century. The problems Cook had in finding fluency in his 211-ball 76 were put into stark perspective by yet another display of the rare class and maturity that has made England’s outstanding batsman.
Broad backed Alastair Cook to hit the Test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on Thursday . The England bowler took three wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 299 . Broad was the second highest run-scorer in England's Test history . He took 17 of his unbeaten 37 and now only his mentor Graham Gooch is ahead .
Alastair Cook passed 8,463 runs to become England's second highest run-scorer . West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by a welcome burst of wickets . Stuart Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from surgery while three wickets for 19 when rain finally relented .
Aaron Finch will be sidelined for up to three months after surgery . Batsman sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians . The 28-year-old was due to join Yorkshire at the end of May .
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed on opening day of second Test . West Indies batsman says Stokes is 'battling himself' and that England 'can't help' talking to him . Stokes said: 'The English boys don't learn' as he found verbal alternations helpful while batting . 'It all depends on how tomorrow goes,' said Stokes after heated exchange .
Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat against England in New Zealand . Graeme Swann pointed out when Cook's form turned for the worse . Adil Rashid was made to wait to make his Test debut . Grenadans National Cricket Stadium is barely a regular Test venue .
San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 on Friday . Kawhi Leonard was newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year . Loenard led the Clippers 2-1 into a 2-1 series lead in the first-round series . Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to move within a win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas . The Rockets must now come from behind after two straight defeats .
Zara Phillips has had to pull out of Kentucky three-day event . High Kingdom was being tacked up in his stable ahead of its early evening test . The horse kicked out and suffered a cut leg, but is still entered for the Mitsubishi Motors Badminton Horse Trials, which begin on May 7 .
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime . The victory allowed them to take a 3-0 lead in their first-round play-off series . Chicago Bulls also set a series lead, as did Cleveland against Boston . Warriors go for the sweep on Saturday in New Orleans .
World No 1 Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson had topsy-turvy nights in Week 12 of the Betway Premier League in Cardiff . The pair both won and lost a game apiece during the evening . Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall and Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis .
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield . The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round . Carrington produced a break of 97 to reduce the gap to four . Trump said he felt like he had been playing well over the past two days .
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon . Instead she turned to German doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt . He has worked with Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt .
Spain's Alejandro Valverde defended his Fleche Wallonne title on Wednesday . Movistar rider sprinted to victory ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini . Former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a bad crash 50 kilometres from the end . Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing race .
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible on Tuesday . The five-time world champion was lucky to stay in the second round . But the 39-year-old was unable to hit top form during his first round win . He could face a small fine for breaching dress code .
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg . Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation, while Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe . NBA executives, general managers and legends will also participate including 2014-15 NBA Coach of the Year Mike Budenholzer of the Atlanta Hawks, San Antonio Spurs chief Gregg Popovich .
All five series that have played two games now stand at 2-0 . Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 99-91 on Tuesday to move 2-0 ahead . LeBron James scored 30 points and Kyrie Irving contributed 26 . Cleveland have won seven of eight away from home in the post-season . Boston Celtics have won just one playoff series in six previous appearances .
Reanne Evans lost to Ken Doherty in qualifying for the Crucible-staged Betfred World Championship . The 29-year-old lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to Ng On Yee, who went on to defeat England's Emma Bonney 6-2 in the final . Hong Kong's Yee claimed the first new world ladies' champion for a decade .
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black . The Chinese world No 3 chuckled during his first-round match with Mark Davis .
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take a 2-0 lead in their NBA play-offs series . Jimmy Butler managed 31 points in his side's second straight game . In Oakland, California, Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors grouped from an early deficit to down the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87 . The top-seeded Warriors fell behind by 13 points in the first quarter .
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones . The 33-year-old revealed it will help him fulfil his potential and become multiple winner of the sport's major crowns . Barry Hawkins was the reluctant star of another Crucible epic after clinging on to qualifier Matthew Selt .
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the ‘respect he deserves’ Gunners fans will be given him a good reception on Sunday . Wenger was at his cryptic best when asked if it was his decision to re-sign the player .
Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned . The 28-year-old missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury . Villa are currently four points clear of the relegation zone in 15th position with five games to go .
QPR manager Chris Ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more Premier League games . Tim Sherwood's appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley .
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called on his players to share goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League . Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11 - a run of eight matches - and missed his side's best chance in Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Everton . Dyche insists it's unfair to pin the club's survival hopes on one man .
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew says all players are undervalued . Crystal Palace would offer winger Yannick Bolasie £40m to £60m . Pardedew admits 'every player has a price' as they are 'undervalued' Congolese midfielder has been in fine form in recent weeks .
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park . Roberto Martinez admits he does not know what the future holds for him . Belgian international scored his first Premier League goal since December 28 .
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter passed away on Thursday . The 87-year-old also served as president of the Football League . Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware .
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals . Belgian striker is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna Kone . The 21-year-old hailed the work rate of his strike partner who allows him to focus on scoring more goals in his homeland .
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining on his loan at Everton . The winger is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season . Martinez wants to get the most out of the situation when he leaves Goodison Park . Reports have linked him with a swap deal with Toffees' Kevin Mirallas .
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the Championship if they were promoted . But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink, with Charlie Austin hoping to fire QPR to safety . Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years .
Hull City are two points clear of the drop zone after a 2-0 defeat by Southampton . Steve Bruce is adamant he can keep them in the Premier League this season . Hull have had just six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United .
Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal with Leicester City last summer and is now linked with Delhi Dynamos in India . Nigel Pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay but that may depend on their Premier League status . Leicester have won their last three games in the league and face Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday .
Brendan Rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities . The Liverpool manager's position has come under scrutiny like at no point during his three-year reign at the club . But he has not been rattled by the intensity of the criticism nor is he dwelling on the disappointment .
Derby manager Steve McClaren has called the constant speculation linking him with the Newcastle job 'disrespectful' He insists his sole focus is trying to get Derby promoted from the Championship via the play-offs . Derby manager insists he hasn't got a clue if he is a candidate for the job .
Newcastle slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs last weekend . Thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner Mike Ashley . AshleyOut.com are now encouraging supporters to ‘Stand Up To Ashley’ when Swansea visit St James’ Park on Saturday .
Leroy Fer has not appeared since injuring his knee against Sunderland . The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving in the summer . QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer to beat relegation . Richard Dunne and Rio Ferdinand are among several players returning to fitness .
Queens Park Rangers are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby against West Ham . Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay up with three wins from the last five games . Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season .
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton for Tottenham in the summer . Fans are planning to wear orange to show their support for Koeman . The Dutchman is returning to St Mary's for the first time since May .
England Under 21 captain Jack Butland has voted for team-mate Harry Kane as PFA Young Player of the Year . The 22-year-old is bidding to become the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since 1984 . Stoke goalkeeper says Kane is 'phenomenal' and 'committed to being a player of the same age'
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad . Club Brugge and Anderlecht have expressed an interest but he is poised to sign on July 9 when he turns 16 . Stoke manager Mark Hughes has persuaded Barcelona's Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer .
Stoke City have opened talks over a contract extension for Asmir Begovic . Bosnian goalkeeper sees his contract run out next year with Real Madrid . Hughes speaking after second-half goals from Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam saw his side roar back against Southampton . The win over Southampton on Saturday was Stoke’s first over them since February 2008 .
Eden Hazard leads Chelsea to vital win against Manchester United . Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace, even despite the efforts of Yannick Bolasie . Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester's late surge against Swansea City .
Swansea have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede . Swans are interested in Aleksandar Mitrovic, Obbi Oulare and Marseille's Andre Ayew . Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all made enquiries but considered the Benin international overpriced .
Leonardo Ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match, left out in favour of Andrej Kramaric . But David Nugent suffered an injury in the warm-up he scored a late goal that provided the platform for a victory . Andy King's late second goal fuelled by the excitement of Leicester fans at full-time . Swansea's Wayne Routledge jumps in to avoid the challenges of Leicester defenders as he surges forward .
Harry Kane has broken through into the first team this season . The Tottenham striker is now being animated off the pitch . Video is entitled 'Harry Kane - PFA Player of the Year?' It has been released ahead of the awards ceremony on Sunday .
West Brom are eight points above the Premier League relegation zone . The Baggies also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal . Tony Pulis insists his side can rise to challenge of facing top teams .
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him . The left back was an important player under Alan Irvine . But he has found his game time limited since leaving West Brom .
Harry Kane scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season . The 21-year-old also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year . Kane is followed by team-mate Christian Eriksen and Chelsea's Morgan Schneiderlin . Nacer Chadli scored a hat-trick against Newcastle on Saturday .
Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the ultimate for any football club . The Hammers are moving to the Olympic Stadium next year . cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season .
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from the Knightsbridge store . The 24-year-old has been told by Tangerines boss Lee Clark that he is 'surplus to requirements' Blackman has played just three Championship games for Blackpool this season .
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate title glory on their patch . Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen in the table . Rooney says Celtic will not be able to clinch a fourth successive Premiership crown .
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials . Former Celtic striker says Alan Muir should not see a handball in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final . Meekings is fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final after Notice of Complaint from the SFA .
Celtic beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in Sunday's semi-final . Inverness defender Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given . The defender will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila bemoans refereeing blunder at Inverness . Virgil van Dijk's sublime 16th-minute free-kick gave Parkhead side a dream start . But they were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead .
Celtic were leading 1-0 when Inverness defender Josh Meekings stopped Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound shot with his hand . But the Welshman missed a last-minute penalty which could have sparked extra-time . John Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice . He launched a 'Know Your Balls' testicular cancer awareness drive .
Stuart McCall says he is working on a dossier of transfer targets for next season . But the Ibrox boss does not know if he will be in charge beyond current campaign . Rangers are second in the Scottish Championship table and destined for a semi-final play-off slot .
Rangers legend John Brown says his old rivals have a case of 'sour grapes' Rangers lost 2-1 to Dundee in their Scottish Cup semi-final first leg . Hoops were beaten 1-0 by Inverness at the weekend .
Rangers board hold first meeting with Mike Ashley since taking control at Ibrox . Newcastle United owner has secured a 8.92 per cent stake in the club . Rangers chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan discuss the club's future .
Walter Smith worked closely with Ally McCoist and coach Kenny McDowall . The duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch . Smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football .
John Brown says Ally McCoist will be welcomed back 'with open arms' Former Dundee manager was axed as manager last month amid speculation . The 53-year-old crept into the ground just moments before Dave King's bid for power failed to get the club's blessing .
Former Rangers chairman Walter Smith is hopeful that the club can move on from its off-field dramas . 'No club wins all the time and there isn't a football club for Rangers,' says Smith . Smith regrets his decision to step down as chairman when he returned to the club of familiar faces such as Paul Murray .
Isco lost his place in the starting line-up after James Rodriguez's return . The Spaniard fell straight back out of the team when Rodriguez returned to fitness . Isco was forthright in his criticism of Carlo Ancelotti's choice .
Tim Sherwood confident Aston Villa can secure their Premier League survival with five games left . Villa are four points above the bottom three and with an FA Cup final against Arsenal ahead next month . Shearwood could have striker Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury while Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho are available again .
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal in the summer after winning the FA Cup . The France international faces a year without a trophy at Manchester City . Sagna says he would make the same decision again if he was faced with a similar choice .
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October's 2-0 win for Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium . The Arsenal boss has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes . Wenger says the past shared between the two managers will be irrelevant . CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news .
Mauricio Pochettino's side play former club Southampton at 12.45 on Saturday . The Argentine dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, who could return after missing three matches with a knee injury, saying the club want to reach the Champions League with Spurs . Spurs finished eighth in the table last season, leaving successor Ronald Koeman to rebuild .
Pep Guardiola has been linked with a move away from Bayern Munich . Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is on course for Champions League football next season . Hitzfeld believes Favre will replace Guardiola at the Allianz Arena .
Four genuine European heavyweights remain in the Champions League . Any of those clubs would be deserving finalists in the Olympiastadion in Berlin on June 6 . Transporting El Clasico to east Germany would bring a defining chapter to a myriad narratives . Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar would all face big names in Europe .
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said . The Bayern Munich boss has repeatedly been linked with a move to Manchester City, according to the club's CEO . Bayern could win the Bundesliga title this weekend and take on Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final next month .
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training . The 38-year-old is the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery . Cryotherapy is a growing trend in sports with Wales rugby team travelling to Poland for sessions in 2012 .
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the most lucrative fight in history . The Filipino star went toe-to-toe with the world's media at a Wild Card gym in Hollywood on Wednesday . Pacquaio addressed gathered media and talked about his journey to the top in boxing . He hopes to pass on to Mayweather when the fight is finished .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 . The super-mega-fight between the two best boxers would happen 'five years too late,' cry the critics . Mayweather: 'The time will come when I make a hundred million dollars in one night' The boxing club will witness a nominal workout in that overheated room .
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go . Mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the WBC’s mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight . The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .
Manny Pacquiao's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon against Mayweather when they take the ring in less than three weeks . His celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro gave him a custom-made speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it . Pacman looked fresh and sharp as he limbered up and shadow boxed during his session at his Wild Card Boxing gym .
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes to the swimming pool to continue preparations . The 38-year-old boxer continued his impressive training routine . It is now less than a month until the pair meet in Las Vegas .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will generate upwards of $300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history . Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her dad Floyd's training camp as he gears up for another shopping trip .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2 . The 36-year-old appears to hold a weight from his head during his training camp . Mayweather is renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career .
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account on Wednesday to upload a picture inside his private jet . The welterweight world champion is preparing for the most expensive bout in boxing history on May 2 . Boxing legend Muhammad Ali wants to see Manny Pacquiao emerge triumphant come May 2 according to his daughter . Ali's daughter Rasheda Ali revealed her father admires the way he handles himself away from the ring .
Floyd Mayweather's showdown with Manny Pacquiao on May 2 will cost US viewers up to $100 . HBO and Showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the May 2 fight as the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history . The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70) but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers .
Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on knee injury . Mathieu Debuchy, Abou Diaby, Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly on Tuesday . England midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (hamstring) remains unavailable . Daniel Sturridge expected to have recovered from hip injury to face Arsenal . Dejan Lovren and Martin Skrtel begin three-match suspensions .
Burnley host Tottenham at Turf Moor in the Premier League (Sunday 1.30pm) Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Sunday's clash with Spurs . Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on long-term absentee list . Hugo Lloris will miss Burnley's match due to a knee injury . Roberto Soldado will be assessed after returning from England call-up .
Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's Europa League final . The Spanish club overcame Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four and have home advantage for the second leg . UEFA's second club competition has thrown up an interesting mix in the semi-finals .
Manchester City have met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for manager’s job . But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini . Manuel Pellegrini will leave the club at the end of this season, with suggestions he could take over .
Jurgen Klopp rejected the overtures of West Ham United after Borussia Dortmund . Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium . Rafael Benitez could return to English football after leaving Napoli .
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . The Frenchman has been linked with a move away from Arsenal . But the 47-year-old has two years left on his contract, according to Winterburn .
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp at the start of July . The 41-year-old is currently seeing out the final year of his contract . He is still contracted to the team but will bring his year-long break to a close by stepping up and taking the reign at Westfalenstadion on July 1 . Dortmund are currently in the top half of the Bundesliga .
Kenya's athletics federation have suspended two athletes' companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati . They will be suspended from working in Kenya for six months . Authorities have previously blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents .
If general election were confined to football fans, it looks like Labour could win . The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven constituencies where they hold power . Football has long been hailed as the game the working man enjoys watching .
Six-time Olympic gold medallist currently in Rio de Janeiro . He will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metre challenge on Sunday . Bolt ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships .
The six-time gold-medal sprinter visited a small gym at the base of Rio's famous Maracana stadium . He took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip . Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend, and made a 30-minute visit to the complex .
Steve Evans' side were sanctioned by the Football League last week . Championship disciplinary panel will hear case at 'the earliest opportunity' Millers will find out if they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player .
Fulham came away with a point against Rotherham in the Championship . Ross McCormack scored the only goal of the game in the 71st minute . Manager Kit Symons says the club need to rebuild in the summer .
Newcastle fans protested against owner Mike Ashley's ownership at St James' Park on Saturday . The supporters' group have asked supporters to stand in the 34th minute . Swansea manager Garry Monk insists players will not be affected by protests . Newcastle have lost their last six Premier League games under Carver .
Tiger Woods slipped into a tree root on the ninth hole at the Masters . The 39-year-old drilled his club into the tree root, causing him to drop . Woods ended the round on a 1-under-par 73 on Sunday .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final . Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to secure the tie . Real could face Barcelona, Juventus or Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in the semi-finals .
Rafael Benitez has won the UEFA Cup/Europa League twice with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli . The Napoli manager is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand . His players are given briefings, tailored dvds, weak points to work on or to attack .
Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to City about the way forward . The Ivorian midfielder has been linked with a move to Inter Milan . Toure has two years left on his current contract at Manchester City .
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona . Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti both returned to Ligue 1 side . Laurent Blanc says the club need more time to reach the top . David Luiz was also at fault for four of Barcelona's goals . Blaise Matuidi says that PSG are still not ready to win the competition .
Wasps lock Joe Launchbury is close to regaining full fitness . The 24-year-old has been out since October due to a bulging disc in his neck . If he is given the all-clear to face the Tigers in a match that could be crucial to Didi 'play-off prospects' Launchbury's absence has spanned nine missed Tests for England .
Swansea's Bafetimbi Gomis will be out for three to four weeks with a hamstring injury . Frenchman came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with Everton . The 29-year-old had scored four goals in his last seven games .
Jack Wilshere can be the future of Arsenal's midfield, but his injury record could turn him into another Abou Diaby, fears club legend Ray Parlour . The 23-year-old was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday after five months out through injury .
Sportsmail revealed how popular each Premier League club is around the globe . Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers, followed by Chelsea . China is the fourth most popular city in the world with 5.6 million Weibo followers . Manchester City have over eight million, compared to 2.4 million on Twitter . Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao are third on the list of most followed clubs .
Jordan Spieth was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie at the observation deck of the Empire State Building . He broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory, including equalling the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997 . The Augusta record-equalling champion took in the press attention including his trip to top of the 25th-tallest completed skyscraper in the world which was lit up in green and yellow later in the evening .
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year . The Chilean forward scored 22 goals in all competitions so far . Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise . Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table .
The semi-final line-up for the Champions League has been confirmed . Barcelona are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent . Real Madrid and Juventus won on Wednesday to join Barcelona and Bayern Munich in the last four . Bayern Munich produced a stunning display against Porto in the second leg .
Patrice Evra believes Juventus called upon quintessential Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals . Massimiliano Allegri's side secured a 0-0 draw at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night, meaning they progressed 1-0 on aggregate . Evra has urged compatriot Paul Pogba not to be tempted by injury .
Young Lions are defending champions with 100 per cent qualifying record . They will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7 . Arsenal duo Chris Willock and Stephy Mavididi are called up for first time . Herbie Kane and Trent Arnold have missed Elite Round of qualifiers .
Investigators release images of 96 Liverpool fans rushing towards disaster . They show men and woman carrying wounded on stretchers and tending to others . Police believe people in the photographs may be able to tell victims' families more about how they died . Previous inquests recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out .
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract at Liverpool . The 24-year-old midfielder's current terms had 12 months to run . Henderson is expected to sign a similar extension before the end of the week . Brendan Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain after Steven Gerrard moves to LA Galaxy .
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's matches this season . Welshman has scored 25 goals, conceding just one goal in 50 matches . Bale's time on the sidelines coincided with huge matches against Barcelona, Granada and Champions League ties with Liverpool . His team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record when he has been away, with Bale scoring 25 and failing to score .
Marcus Bettinelli made his first-team debut for Fulham only last August . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched him play in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham . Fulham are anticipating an offer from Chelsea over the coming weeks . They are braced for the departure of Petr Cech in the summer .
Bayern Munich face Porto in their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday . Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead atop the Bundesliga . The Bavarians won the treble in 2013 before Guardiola took over . Franck Ribery is unlikely to recover in time to feature for Bayern .
David Moyes wasn't keen on signing Thiago Alcantara, but Manchester United's need for passing quality was apparent . Without quality in that area, few teams can compete at the elite level . With such a display, few players can compete in the Premier League . The genius of Paul Scholes and Xavi is a testament to a lack of passing .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena to reach the Champions League semi-finals . Pep Guardiola's side now have a goal total of 115 goals this season . Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play if they are to progress to the final .
Phil Neville believes keeping David de Gea at Man United would be the biggest signing this summer . De Gea has impressed for Louis van Gaal's side this season . The keeper has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid . United have been linked with big-money moves for Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels .
Southampton are ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill . Chelsea are only the third-highest wage payers with a wage bill of £192.7million . QPR's salary bill almost twice what the club earned last season .
Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco president Vasim Vasilyev on Sunday . Falcao has scored just four times for Manchester United since his season-long loan move from Monaco . Under the terms of the original loan United would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but Monaco are willing to negotiate .
Brazilian defender is surplus to requirements at Old Trafford and will be sold in the summer . His damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks . United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire .
Manchester United have bid for Dortmund captain Mats Hummels, according to German newspaper Bild . The Germans value their captain at £35million but United hope to use that to their advantage . Dortmund are keen to sign Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain . Click here for more Manchester United transfer news .
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Michael Carrick's contribution . Borussia Dortmund midfielder Ilkay Gundogan is a prime contender . The 24-year-old has been hailed as the best player in the Premier League . Arsenal could make a move to Old Trafford in the summer after Jurgen Klopp's impending departure .
Adam Federici was 'very upset' after his side's FA Cup semi-final defeat . Reading face Birmingham in the Sky Bet Championship on Wednesday . Manager Steve Clarke has backed Federici to bounce back .
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday . Adam Federici's error allowed a tame Alexis Sanchez to slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time . The Reading keeper was 'inconsolable' after the match, but has taken to Twitter to apologise .
Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez scored twice against Reading on Saturday . Santi Cazorla said: 'We are happy for him. He is a key player for us in a good moment' The extra-time winner owed a lot to a mistake by Reading keeper Adam Federici . Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year .
PSG defender David Luiz had torrid time marking Barcelona forward Neymar on Tuesday night . Keane said: 'He doesn't smell danger and the stuff there is literally schoolboy stuff' 'They were a better team than us in both games. They were better than us,' he said . Barcelona went out of the Champions League quarter-finals with two goals .
UEFA has published Champions League regulations for next season . Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in seven highest-ranked countries . Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw . If Real Madrid don't win La Liga or the Champions League they will be in pot 1 . That is PSV Eindhoven, which is only 30th in the club standings .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals . Pep Guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death . Spaniard arrived at the club after their 2013 treble-winning season .
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League semi-finals . Pep Guardiola left purring at his side's previous performance . German side thrashed back to 5-1 before Xabi Alonso scored a late sixth . Guardiola: 'I am the coach of extraordinary players. I didn't expect such a first half'
Former England footballer has listed a second property in Chelsea for £6.75m . He bought the London townhouse in 2011 for £4.25m after he staged a sit-in . It has since been extensively renovated by his wife, interior designer and granddaughter of Sir Lawrie Barratt . But Campbell seems to be keen to rid himself of the flat before the election .
Barcelona beat PSG 5-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals . Luis Enrique's side showed signs of returning to their brilliant best . Here, Sportsmail looks at five things we have learned from Barca's crushing victory over PSG .
DeShane Beckford has been invited to train with West Ham's academy . The 17-year-old has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club . Beckford is one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean . West Ham revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost £289 .
West Ham are confident that the deal does not contravene domestic or European legislation and 'categorically does not constitute state aid' The Premier League club are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season .
Andres Iniesta had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season . The 30-year-old capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side's Champions League quarter-final second-leg victory over PSG . Neymar scored his first goal of the evening after 14 minutes to make it 30 goals for the season as Barcelona cruised past Paris Saint-Germain .
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . Bayless has refereed previous super-fights involving Mayweather, Pacqiao and John Keane . He will receive $25,000 (£16,600) for the night's showdown with Maidana .
Kenny Bayless will referee the match between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2 . Oscar De La Hoya, one of Mayweather's past opponents, believes the American will benefit from the appointment . The 64-year-old refereed Bayless's professional debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996 is worth $25,000 .
Barry Hawkins qualifies for second round at the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield . Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback at the Crucible . But the 35-year-old kept his composure to win 10-9 at the second round .
John Higgins and Graeme Dott both win at the Betfred World Championships . Crucible thoroughbred was outplayed by Robert Milkins in 10-5 first round win . The four-time winner has sprung back to competitive form this year .
The green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year’s tournament . The winner’s share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency . Ian Poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth .
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday . Thousands of fans waited outside to greet the tennis star and his family . Murray tweeted his plans for the day through the use of emojis . The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year .
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved . Seven have Manchester United connections . Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City all knocked out . Real Madrid's Alvaro Arbeloa is the only British player left in the Champions League . Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, Javier Hernandez are all at the top table . Xabi Alonso will be lining up for Bayern Munich for his third Champions League triumph .
Bayern Munich are keen for Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in the summer of 2016 . Begiristain and Guardiola enjoyed a successful relationship at Barcelona . Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career and at the hands of relatively inconsequential opposition too . The Champions League is central to Guardiola’s identity, but he has only ever lost ten matches in six seasons as a coach . Bayern lost 3-1 at Porto last week in the Champions League .
Xabi Alonso lost 3-1 Champions League quarter-final against Porto . The Spaniard was part of Carlo Ancelotti's side to take the title last week . He could become only the second player to win three different clubs . AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf is the only other player to have done so .
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday . Sam Allardyce was incensed that a foul by Eliaquim Mangala was missed . Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play . Hammers boss also screams at the linesman during the defeat .
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . Defender Carl Jenkinson says people 'ain't happy finishing mid-table' Hammers have won just one game in 11 Premier League games this season .
Glenn Roeder joins Stuart Gray as part of a three-man task force . The Owls have been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the Owls from Milan Mandaric .
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa . The Belgian international has scored nine goals in his last seven . Paul Lambert dropped Christian Benteke for the visit of Chelsea . Here, Sportsmail looks at five reasons for her success .
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup . The former World No 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team and to secure a spot on the Olympic team . Hingi was making a return to singles for the first time since the 1998 final because she has to play in the competition to qualify for the Olympics .
Memphis Depay has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo . PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title in seven years on Saturday . Manchester United and Liverpool are making a rival push for the Dutch star .
Chelsea vs Manchester United clashed with Reading in top Premier League fixture at Wembley on Saturday . The FA say that the dates of the semi-final were known at the start of the season, while the Premier League point to the Sky fixtures for the weekend had been set last February . Manchester United's visit to Chelsea was watched by 5.6 million . Click here for all the latest Premier League news .
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Louis van Gaal's side will be a serious challenger next season . Van Gaal will prioritise central defenders Paul Pogba and Paul Pogga . Chelsea are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with six to play in the Premier League .
Eden Hazard has been named 'one of the three best players in the world' Chelsea winger scored Chelsea's winner against Manchester United . Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is having the best season of his career .
Liverpool given go-ahead to install 4.5m fine mesh privacy screen . Club had grown concerned that team details have been leaked out . Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players .
Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling is wanted by Serie A side Juventus . Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all interested in England international Sterling . Italian champions want at least £55m for Paul Pogba and want Axel Witsel .
Steven Gerrard's dream was to end his Liverpool career at Wembley . The 35-year-old was denied the opportunity of ending his 25-year association with Liverpool by lifting the FA Cup on his 35th birthday . Now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous . Losing to Aston Villa in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final will take time to get over .
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy . Defender Glen Johnson is also out of contract and set to go on a free transfer . Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City . Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him .
Amir Khan is set to face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi on May 2 . The British boxer is preparing to fight Floyd Mayweather in November or December . Arum has to hand a treasure trove of an offer for a fight in the Middle East . Khan's initials are the Pakistan equivalent of a CBE behind his name .
Michael Conlan and Paddy Barnes were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night . The Belfast pair needing victories to book flights to Rio to book their place at the 2016 Olympic Games . Barnes top the WSB rankings with a win over Hasanboy Dusmatov to claim the only Olympic qualification spot on offer through the competition .
Manny Pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts against Floyd Mayweather . His shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m . The five-division champion's cut is said to be in excess of £50m from fight .
Frank Lampard’s role at Manchester City was always planned as being just a bit part player – but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games . Of those matches City have won seven – including the 3-2 over Bayern Munich – drawn one and not lost any, scoring 22 goals with just six conceded . Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival .
Liverpool lost 3-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . Brendan Rodgers has underperformed since the start of last season . He switched formations from 3-4-4 to 4-1-4-1) but this was not isolated case . Changes had to be made after a poor start during the 1-1 draw with Basle . Mario Balotelli has given Liverpool a problem that he has not been able to solve all season - he was outwitted by Louis van Gaal .
Tim Sherwood helped Aston Villa reach the FA Cup final with 2-1 win over Liverpool on Sunday . Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener . Villa will face Arsenal in the final on May 30 . Cleverley believes the game is a 'one-off day' for the Gunners .
David Moyes gave Wayne Rooney his professional debut back in 2002 . The 16-year-old striker was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge . Pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure in 2004 . Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson in the summer of 2013 .
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . Louis van Gaal's side are now 11 points clear of third-placed Red Devils . Rooney was happy with his side's performance despite the negative result . The Dutchman was forced into deploying Rooney in midfield .
Eden Hazard opened the scoring as Manchester United keeper David de Gea slowly rose to his feet after conceding . The goal was Hazard's 13th Premier League goal of the season . Hazard then doubled his side's lead in the 94th minute with a low shot which squirmmed past De Gea .
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season . The Chelsea forward has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best . Hazard is now the danger man, he draws people to him and creates space for the rest of the team . He is improving every season, which is a good result for Chelsea .
Chelsea skipper insists that there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the Premier League title . Jose Mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table after beating Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge . The Blues require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league .
Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Manchester United's Gary Cahill but referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived . Replays showed some contact between the two players during stoppage time but Herrera looked to have moved his leg to provoke a collison . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said the incident will be forgotten because it is a Manchester United player .
Chelsea moved to brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday . John Terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time . Chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the title, Jose Mourinho says .
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to combat Marouane Fellaini after he starred in recent wins over Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City . Belgian midfielder has emerged as one of the Premier League’s most effective performers recently under Louis van Gaal . Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon .
Chris Maguire converts an injury time penalty as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . The battle for automatic promotion to the Premier League is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play . Maguire's late, late strike ensured a 2-2 draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court .
Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Reading . But Garath McCleary equalised for Reading with a deflected volley . Steve Clarke pumped the air with his fist after the game . He has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football’s elite since he was sacked by Chelsea in 1994 .
Paul Scholes, Phil Neville, Nicky Butt and Ryan Giggs co-own the club with former Manchester United team-mate Gary Neville . Salford City are attacking the far end of the ground and the view is obscured but the ball breaks for substitute Gareth Seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat . With one week to go promotion is well and truly in their hands .
Radamel Falcao has scored four goals this season in a Manchester United shirt . The Colombian hasn't scored or had a shot on target in the Premier League since netting against Leicester in January . His wages are a massive burden for Manchester United, making a permanent move even more unlikely due to Robin van Persie's uncertain future .
Andres Iniesta has praised Louis van Gaal for helping him make Barcelona debut . The midfielder made his debut for Barcelona in the 2002-03 season . Inita also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester United during Barca's run to the Champions League success in 2009 .
Manchester United to introduce living wage at Old Trafford in July . Clubs have agreed to pay the salary from the start of the 2016-17 season . Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage to all their staff .
Wayne Rooney knows Manchester United will be playing for 'pride' against Manchester City on Sunday . The United captain scored a stunning volley in last week's 3-1 win over Aston Villa . Rooney has had to get used to being on the losing side in recent years . United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals .
Rotor Volgograd, one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup, has been wound up after going bankrupt . The team from the Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the Russian third tier . David Beckham, Paul Scholes and Roy Keane were knocked out of the UEFA Cup at the first round in 1995 .
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park . Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team . Belgian international was sent off on the stroke of half-time after a tackle on Nemanja Matic .
Everton boss Roberto Martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco . Ross Barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against Burnley . Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League . Kevin Mirallas scored the only goal of the game after 29 minutes .
Steven Naismith is the latest recipient of the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award . The Toffees forward has helped give back to the communities he has supported . He teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the chance to watch Premier League games at Goodison Park .
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of their old side . Burnley are two points from safety but Martinez says there is no fear of relegation . The Spaniard masterminded Wigan's escape from the drop in the Premier League .
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . In total, there are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (321) and one priced at $24.99 (£21) Fans can also purchase a shirt with both fighters on, in black or white, and the final 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Filipino boxer . The fight is reportedly set to generate a mouth-watering $300million (£205million)
Tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale, with the two camps locked in a stand-off over allotments . When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price . Mayweather's promoter, Leonard Ellerbe, said Tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the May 2 bout . MGM officials have been tight-lipped about their availability .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to be biggest in history . Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved in the ring . The pair collapse into giggles as they struggled to maintain the mock tension . Click here for more boxing news .
Tim Sherwood will consider selling Christian Benteke this summer if he insists he wants to leave Aston Villa . The 24-year-old has two years left on his contract once this season . Bentekele has appeared to be enjoying his football at Villa Park . Click here for more transfer news .
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is aiming to end his career at Anfield . Martin Skrtel believes the midfielder is still one of the best players in the world . Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday at Wembley . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
Liverpool take on Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Brendan Rodgers wants his side to turn Wembley back into 'Anfield South' The Northern Irishman's last trophy success came in 2012 under Kenny Dalglish .
Stoke City have been singing Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s . The song has been criticised for claims the original lyrics promote domestic violence . Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the song . West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their Ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece . PSG striker Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Marseille playmaker payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee . Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League when he was caught on camera following last month's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux . Swede reacted angrily to the loss and said it was 'worse than he'd ever seen
Barcelona are five points clear at the top of the La Liga table on Saturday . Luis Enrique has urged his players to focus on extending their lead . Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema has been ruled out of his side's match against Malaga . Valencia visit the Nou Camp in the midst of a 10-match unbeaten run .
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged PSG defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to score . The double took his tally to 17 goals this season and 11 in his last 11 games . But the striker says: 'In football you never know what's going to happen. It'll be a good game'
Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat on Thursday while she dipped in an ice bath . The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist . Robson is training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros .
UEFA's general secretary Gianni Infantino has warned that there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football unless the country's government rescinds proposed new laws . Sport events could be cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence .
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday night . The 25-year-old injured his calf during Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga in the opening stages of the competition . Bale took to Facebook to post a picture of himself on a bike . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars Karim Benzema and Luka Modric .
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba at Lille . The defender says he could tell the trio was going to be special . He thinks the 18-year-old forward was an incredible player in training .
Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday . Dmitry Rybolovlev's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals . But Leonardo Jardim has struggled to find his options in the transfer market . Les Rouges are currently third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-final for the first time in 11 years .
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone admits he is surprised there are no English clubs left in the Champions League . Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage . Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round . Atleti take on rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night .
Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions . Manchester United Under 21s drew 1-1 with Adam Smith and Rafael and Adnan Januzaj both limped off . Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in 32nd minute before scoring past Adam Smith . Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Leicester playmaker Anthony Knockaert .
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling on a new contract at Southampton . England right-back is yet to agree fresh terms with the club . Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old .
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin . The Toffees have made the striker their priority for the summer . Club Brugge's Obbi Oulare was watched by the Premier League .
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola to replace Mark Warburton . The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for a draw against Bolton . Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month after failing to win a game in Serie A .
Sam Allardyce says Rob Green is good enough to challenge Joe Hart for England No 1 spot . Green made a calamitous error in England's 1-1 draw with USA in 2010 . West Ham goalkeeper was forced to leave on a free transfer due to financial constraints . QPR face Green and Co at Loftus road on Saturday .
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSG with permission of PSV Eindhoven . Holland winger is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool . Louis van Gaal gave Depay his international debut but could miss out on bringing him to Old Trafford .
Thierry Henry has hit out at Javier Hernandez for celebrating his late Champions League winner against Atletico Madrid . The on-loan Mexican striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo with just two minutes left to play following his neat work by the Portugal international . Henry feels the forward, on loan from Manchester United, owes all the credit to his team-mate .
Javier Hernandez scored Real Madrid's winner against rivals Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second leg tie on Wednesday night . Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry took exception to Hernandez's celebration . He posted an 84-minute video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup's passing alongside the message: 'Look at this video, you have one of the most unselfish players in the game showing the significance of the final ball' Henry was quick to criticise the way in which he celebrated his winner .
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he joined Barcelona . The striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barca so far this season . 31-year-old has scored 31 goals for Liverpool in Premier League . Barcelona take on PSG at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night .
Amir Khan will fight Manny Pacquiao's recent victim Chris Algieri in New York on May 29 . Brook is going to fight Frankie Gavin at London’s 02 Arena on Saturday, May 30 and Sky Sports are expected to screen both events .
Ricky Hatton says Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd Mayweather . The Hitman also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man, trained by his father, Floyd Snr . But he warns Floyd Jnr that if does beat Pacquio he wants to go on to eclipse Rocky Marciano's historic record of retiring as undefeated world champion after 49 straight wins, should he stay away from our own Amir Khan.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London . The IBF welterweight has been added to a card for Kevin Mitchell . Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson . Gavin beat Bogdan Mitic on the same night in Sheffield on May 9 . Brook switched to Eddie Hearn’s Matchroom outfit earlier this year .
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will meet in Las Vegas on May 2 . The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . But it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting for the bout . Manny's trainer, Freddie Roach, believes his man will have the advantage . Mayweather looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak next month . Click here for more boxing news .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in Las Vegas . The official advert for the mega-fight was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight .
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao next weekend . Mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1 . But Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport .
Bob Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins . The same questions are often asked over and over again by different callers . Manny Pacquiao had just said ‘very good’ in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going .
AMir Khan takes a break from training using the speed ball . The 28-year-old then flipped the empty bottle up . He unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air . Khan is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri .
Karl Oyston denied five charges for allegedly abusive text messages . Blackpool chairman initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted extension . His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month . He is looking at hefty fine and mandatory four-hour FA education course .
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for Meekings to be given a retrospective ban . The Inverness defender blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand . Celtic face Falkirk in the Scottish Cup final on May 30 .
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea City . The winger has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause . Rybus impressed during Poland's draw with Republic of Ireland last month .
Manchester City need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet Premier League guidelines . Frank Lampard, Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave on Monday . James Milner will decide his fate at the end of the season . City floundered in the Champions League and domestic competitions last year .
Mauricio Pochettino says he will not flood first team with players from the academy next season . Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system . Success has led to calls for more youngsters to be promoted .
Manager Gary Johnson took over at Cheltenham on March 30 . He wrote an A3 sheet of paper asking his players to put their signature on it . 'Some signed it and meant it, and some signed it,' Johnson said .
The fear involves dropping out of the Football League a week after 94 years membership . The Wirral's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool . Ronnie Moore was sacked last season for a minor betting offence, and now masterminding Tranmere's unlikely survival .
Micky Adams leaves Tranmere by mutual consent with just two games to play . The League Two side suffered a 3-0 defeat by Oxford on Saturday . Adams has overseen just two wins in 17 games and a run of four games without even scoring since joining the club in 1921 .
Burton secured promotion to League One with 2-1 win against Morecambe . Lucas Akins scored both goals for the Albion side . Shrewsbury beat York 1-0 to set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth .
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be awarded with prestigious special merit awards by the PFA on Sunday . PFA will acknowledge their exceptional careers on the same night they reveal the player and young player of the season . The duo amassed a total of 220 England appearances, many playing together in central midfield .
Rafa Benitez is out of contract with Napoli at the end of the season . The Spaniard is yet to sign a contract extension with the Italian club . His current deal at Napoli expires this summer . Click here for Manchester City transfer news .
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria . Sinisa Mihajlovic, the current Blucerchiati boss, is being lined up as replacement at Napoli . Napoli president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from chants of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces .
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League semi-final . Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute . Cristiano Ronaldo played the ball to Hernandez for the goal of his life . Hernandez has started only seven of the fifty games Real have played this season . He has wriggled his way into the affections of the club’s supporters much .
Aaron Cresswell signed for West Ham from Ipswich for £2million last summer . 25-year-old defender is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City . Cresson has made 32 Premier League appearances for the Hammers this term .
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh after leaving Bradford at the end of last season . 26-year-old winger switches back to the code after London Welsh were relegated . Kear will be available for Sunday's home game against Dewsbury .
Featherstone prop James Lockwood has been handed a two-year ban . The 29-year-old failed an out-of-competition test last November . UK Anti-Doping found that Lockwood had growth hormone in his sample .
Three cars were vandalised during match against Hull KR on Sunday . Bradford are appealing for witnesses to the incident at Odsal Stadium . The Bulls lost 1-0 to the Tigers in the Challenge Cup fifth-round tie .
Toulon defeated Clermont Auvergne 2-1 at Stade Velodrome on Sunday . Bernard Laporte’s stellar side didn’t come to life until this dismal encounter went into extra-time . Leinster scored the crucial points while Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion .
Ian Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford . Red Devils lost fourth player to suspension and three more to injury . Watson made 41 Super League appearances as a half-back with Salford in 1997 and 2002 .
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City's game against Lincoln City when the Bradford City fire broke out . Helm says there isn't a jot of evidence to suggest the fire was caused deliberately . There is unfathomable . that there is unseemly inference by implication in the book by . reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased Heginbotham .
Stuart McCall's father Andy was one of a large group of relatives at the game . The Bradford City midfielder set off frantically through the streets of Bradford . On May 11, 1985, a blaze ripped through the timber main stand at Valley Parade claiming 56 helpless victims .
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium killed 56 people and injured 265 . Sir Oliver Popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish accumulated under an old timber stand . Judge says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the club's then chairman .
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade in 1985 claimed 56 lives . Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says the fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham . Martin Fletcher, who was 12 at the time and escaped with his life from the blaze but lost three generations of his life . The book 'Fifty-Six - The Story of the Bradford Fire' is contained in the book by Martin Faletcher .
Negotiations to make a fight between Paul Smith and Andre Ward are set to be concluded this week . The Liverpool super-middleweight is set to meet on June 20 with the WBA world title holder unlikely to be on the line . Smith has not fought since defeating Carl Froch in 2011 . Click here for more boxing news .
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara . The 37-year-old super-middleweight had hoped to be back in action last month . But an elbow injury scuppered Froch's plans to fight the Mexican . Chavez was thoroughly outclassed by the Polish fighter .
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference . But a revamp of playing personnel is due, but there has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements . Toure is in obvious decline, but his influence on City’s two title winning seasons was huge . The powers that be at City are waiting for Pep Guardiola to leave Bayern Munich for Manchester City .
Patrick Vieira would be a candidate to take over from Manuel Pellegrini if the club sacked the under-fire manager . Vieira is highly-respected among City players and his work with the youth team has not gone unnoticed by the squad . City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola . Guardiola will listen to offers from English clubs to join in time for the start of the 2016/17 season .
Man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course . The 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer's own fault . Victim John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital, swearing he will return to the green again .
Study found women read magazines 'infrequently' but checked Facebook every few hours . Women preferred Facebook as a means of judging themselves . Australian mother received poison pen letter from Facebook friend over baby .
Nicholas Tooth was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder . He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday . Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth is felt by the entire Australian Rugby community .
Alexander Giniyatullin captured the eerie phenomenon in the Kemerovo Region of Russia, which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on April 1 . The video shows snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down a bank at the side of a road . It also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt . Eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide .
Three more Hillary Clinton's 'everyday Americans' revealed to have strong links to the Democrat party . One of them is married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy . But they are said to be in talks with Martin O'Malley's people and may support him . Clinton says: 'Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion'
The bar is being developed by Icelandic duo Bi Bjarmar Aalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen through their company Crowbar Protein . They are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) for the insect-powered protein bar . Dates, sesame, sunflower and pumpkin seeds, chocolate and cricket flour . Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients . The duo say that insects are a largely untapped source of nutrients in the Western world .
Video shows Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure . Samsung claims the tests were unfair as the iPhone 6 Plus bends under 120lbs (54kg) Internals show the screen, logic board holder, battery, camera, rear case and antenna . The South Korean firm has responded with its own video, demonstrating the three-point bend test .
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California . She is known as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel . The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as a loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit .
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city . Video of the woman's robust display at the game has over 300,000 views on YouTube .
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch video in 2012 . She can be seen wiping away tears in the video and says: 'They didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal. I don’t think they ever will' The alleged attack was videotaped and posted on Snapchat . Greece Athena High School was reportedly investigating the bullying internally . The students involved have not been identified for privacy reasons .
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded . The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency but three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals . President Joko Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion .
A group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks in Tanzania . The 40-second-video was recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area . One monkey appears to taunt the driver before scaring it away . Another comes around to the back of the truck to survey the situation .
The bizarre craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look . Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved popular online prompting more owners to seek out custom salons .
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele at launch party of 10Ten Talent . Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, attended the launch party and are all clients of the trio . The trio were tweeted about the event by posting several tweets . Wilhere was given the 'honour to interview the legendary Pele'
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don’t Stop 'Til You Get Enough' He was seen exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer Nichola Sullings 57, of Exeter . The video concludes with Adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie .
Capturing the footage in Santa Barbara, California, Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water . Pelicans are large water birds that have mainly light-coloured plumage - the exceptions being the brown and Peruvian pelicans . The bird then rolls its head right back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak .
The ancient Tuscan settlement, 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . A number of historical earthquakes, including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, caused severe damage to the settlement’s infrastructure . The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted .
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director . The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school La Llotja following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building . Allen, Jaume Roures, who also produced three of his films, is behind the project .
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year, although numbers have failed to reach that figure in last few years . Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains .
Scientists found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a study co-author's finger .
The video was created by Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden . They stayed at the family-run hotel when they travelled to Cyprus for a friend's wedding . The three-and-a-half minute video offers a glimpse into every traveller's nightmare . It shows dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool .
A rarely-seen Napoleonic fort will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea . Known as St Catherine's Island, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide . The new connector will open up the island from Tenby, Pembrokeshire, for the first time . It's expected to also include an on-site gift shop, security office and paths .
Footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia . A Chinese passenger wandered into a train station and fell asleep on the conveyor . Officials at the station released the images as a warning to others .
The cat cafe is based in Moscow and is the first of its kind to be opened in Russia . Customers are allowed to adopt the cats, should they strike up a rapport with a feline over a piece of cake, but only if they meet certain requirements . The fixtures and fittings are catered to the cats and feature scratching posts, hammocks and even feline-themed wallpaper . Toys are also available to the guests and one customer can be seen holding a feather dangler while interacting with animals .
The dog named Teeny sat opposite Eric Ko at the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong . Looking up at him in excitement, the dog waits for the trainer's command . On ‘two’ the pair return to their original position before Eric says ‘three’ and ‘four’ The dog leans towards him and gives him a quick peck on the lips .
Plane carrying Lewis Moody was forced to make an emergency landing . Poor visibility struck between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo on Saturday . Moody is undertaking a ten-day trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 . The team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter .
Animal reaches into a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo and attempts to set itself free . But the distressed animal is unable to free its head and lies on the ground . The lion was eventually freed from the barrel and it was unharmed .
Comedy sketch by 26 Minutes follows 'Jeff Randl' in Xtreme Verbier . With more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March, some viewers said they were offended or didn’t find the humour in the show’s over-the-top depiction of Americans on the slopes in Switzerland .
Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred . The group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them . They are videoed circling and swimming dangerously close to and underneath the tiny boat .
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire while competing in an ultra-marathon . The motivational speaker said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours . She also revealed she ran her first marathon last month and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England . He has started against Ecuador, San Marino, Poland and Lithuania, all at home . The idea that England managers are fools for consistently preferring Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard is misguided . Manchester United midfielder has also been impressive under Louis van Gaal .
Sky Sports’ drastic cost-cutting across the board blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield . The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect . Sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes and another backer found .
The ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime . Secret details sent by email to potential candidates Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart . Work parameters will not appear on the ECb website or that of headhunters Sports Recruitment International as would be the normal procedure .
Premier League clubs are so wealthy through their TV deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £45million a year . Guinness offered the top flight a huge £135million over three years, a £5million increase on the payments from Barclays . The PL want as much as £60m a . year from a mega title backer but will also examine a multi-partnership sponsorship model .
Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters called on by top stars to help keep troubled England batsman focused in Caribbean . Trott has made nightmare return to Test side 18 months since Ashes quit . Batsman fell cheaply in both innings in first Test in Antigua and finding 'on the move' technique under strong scrutiny . Peters will no doubt be telling Trott to manage his inner chimp .
The ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace Paul Downton . Instead they are going to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International . The main problem is the amount of travel involved and the hiring and firing of captains and coaches .
Thorpe revealed that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party . Former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies . Other big-name cricketers have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott but both deny any association .
Great fast bowler Sir Curtly Ambrose launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series . He flew by helicopter to the Lord's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with England that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence . The new ECB president Giles Clarke did not want to discuss the Allen Stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago .
Giles Clarke was angered that the new ECB regime had just sacked his managing director appointment, Paul Downton . Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail’s Lawrence Booth during the Wisden Almanack launch .
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator . She is confirmed to speak for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports figures at a women in sport conference planned by the Leaders brand on May 21 . The saga of Greg Dyke’s £16,400 Parmigiani watch was concluded on Tuesday when the adjudicatory chamber of FIFA’s ethics committee closed fanciful proceedings against Dyke .
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents . The trend coincides with the agency business being thrown into turmoil by FIFA passing the buck to national associations to officiate on agents from April 1 . Fabio Capello and Terry Venables were two conspicuous names missing from the list of England managers who signed the letter prepared by PR agency Milltown .
QPR are facing Football League fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches . Chairman Jim Rodwell left Notts County to become chief executive of Scunthorpe . Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their considerable FFP troubles . Raheem Sterling's stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him . It will suit Aidy Ward, who split with Rob Segal’s Impact Sports Management to set up on his own earlier this season if any new deal is delayed until
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016 . Sky claim the strategy talk - rather than plain cost cutting - was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi-platform future . The problem with the charter plane which forced the England team to stay overnight in Turin weren’t the only flying concerns related to the Italian match .
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation that he cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids . Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final, at Manchester City . The Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week . John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea .
Arsene Wenger's side have 15 wins from 17 games since New Year's Day . The Gunners went from Invincibles to Incapables, but that's unlikely . They have lost the FA Cup in the Premier League this season . Wenger and his players have been specialists in failure at home and abroad . Arsenal fans will always want to win a title that is long overdue . It's a classic Wenger isn't it?
Manchester United have eight points over Liverpool in the Premier League . Louis van Gaal has praised Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney . He basically said too many players at United aren’t very bright . Juan Mata is a cultured, classy individual on and off the pitch . Van Gaal was highlighting these two because of their intelligence .
Raheem Sterling's contract talks have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has always insisted that the Sterling talks will be concluded soon . Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal, admitting he was 'flattered' by their interest . The Reds are seven points adrift in the race for the Premier League title .
Michael Carrick has been a regular in England's midfield for the past 10 years . Sir Alex Ferguson signed Carrick for £18million in 2006 . Carrick is a World Cup Invincible, only ever playing one game at the tournament . He has lifted the Premier League trophy on five occasions .
Rows over goal-line technology were reignited when Frank Lampard's 'ghost' goal against Germany in the 2010 World Cup final . The 2000 Africa Cup of Nations Final between Nigeria and Cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler . Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound shot was clearly a yard over Manuel Neuer's line in the last-16 match in Bloemfontein .
Celtic were knocked out of the Scottish Cup semi-final by Hampden . Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen . Defender Emilio Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title .
Celtic were defeated by Inverness 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final . Hoops left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings . Caley Thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied Celtic the chance to secure a domestic Treble this season .
Inverness Cup hero Gary Warren has called for a change to the rule . Warren picked up his second booking in the semi-final win over Celtic . The 30-year-old will also miss the Scottish Cup final on May 30 .
Alastair Cook needs runs and wins in last two Tests of the series . England's failure to win the first Test and Cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight . 'I’ve known lots of people in sport and in terms of character, Cook is one of the strongest,' says Peter Moores .
England drew the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua . The tourists were chasing a first away win since December 2012 . They were halted by unresponsive pitch at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . All-rounder Jason Holder's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven .
Jimmy Anderson took his 384th wicket in Test cricket when West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin edged him to his friend Alastair Cook at slip . What a mixture of emotions for Anderson and England, who have been left in no doubts that they have to win this three-Test series against a side the new ECB chairman condemned as 'mediocre' Anderson overtaken Sir Ian Botham as the most prolific bowler in England’s Test history .
Jack Grealish played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser against QPR . He then set up Fabian Delph's winner in the second half at Wembley . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood says he 'loves' the talented midfielder .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup final at Villa Park on Sunday . Fabian Delph booked his side's place in the final at the expense of Liverpool . The England international now feels Tim Sherwood deserves credit for the turnaround .
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities . Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday . Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of Sterling and Ibe smoking a shisha pipe . Reds have Steven Gerrard available for FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa .
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman flag for offside . Brendan Rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the assistant referee's decision .
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 at the Parc des Princes . Goals from Neymar, Luis Suarez and Gregory Van der Wiel . Thiago Silva - 5.5 - Injured early on and replaced by David Luiz .
Juan Mata has performed better than he has in the Premier League . The Manchester United midfielder has scored four goals in last five games . Mata was a popular figure at Chelsea but could not convince Mourinho to keep hold of him at Stamford Bridge .
This season there were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League, while none have reached the last eight in the Europa League either . This season, for the second time in three years, England could slip from their current ranking of second to a lowly fourth by the end of next season . If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will begin next season within 0.1 points of England . The Premier League could end next season out of Europe's elite .
Chelsea host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday tea-time . Blues have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started . Louis van Gaal's side have had to rely on last-gasp interventions in recent matches . Juan Mata is likely to make Chelsea pay for his match-winning brace at Liverpool, and deservedly so against Jose Mourinho's men . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
Jose Mourinho said Diego Costa's recovery from hamstring injury is going well . Costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 win over Stoke City on April 4 . The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month but his recovery has been quicker than expected . Loic Remy has recovered from a calf injury and could return against Manchester United .
Chelsea travel to Stamford Bridge to face Manchester United on Saturday . Louis van Gaal's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League . Jose Mourinho lists his squad as 'amazing, in numbers, players, experience, solutions' Blues boss says he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind .
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney may play in a holding midfield role against Chelsea on Saturday . Daley Blind and Michael Carrick both have ankle injuries . Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders . Jonny Evans is completing his six-match ban .
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of June . 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to Premier League likely . Klopp and chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference that he will officially leave the club . Dortmund are preparing for their home Bundesliga match with Paderborn at the weekend .
West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell has impressed during his first season in the Premier League since leaving Ipswich . Chelsea and Manchester City are set to battle it out for the 25-year-old . City are desperate to add to their quota of English players with the likes of James Milner on the brink of leaving the club .
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with Crystal Palace . The right back has been a mainstay in the first team this season . Ward has played every minute of the Eagles' Premier League campaign . He cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew in his decision to sign new deal .
Edinson Cavani is set to face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals . Cavani has gone seven matches without scoring for Paris Saint-Germain . The 27-year-old scored in the League Cup final last weekend against Chelsea .
Nico Rosberg responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying' Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix . German finished second, ahead of Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari . Rosberg answered his team-mate's questions on video .
Niki Lauda believes Nico Rosberg should turn 'nasty' at some stage . The German led a Mercedes one-two at the Shanghai International Circuit . Hamilton effectively accused the German of selfishness during the race .
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship . But the Briton was furious with his Mercedes team-mate, accusing him of compromising his strategy . Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second to win the race in Shanghai . Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China .
Red Bull managing director Cyril Abiteboul understands Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz's frustrations . First time Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the Chinese Grand Prix . Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen pulled out late on in the race . Renault are under pressure to perform after billionaire benefactor's threat to pull out of Formula One unless French manufacturer raised their game .
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him joining Manchester United when he was just 17-years-old . Sir Alex Ferguson attempted to bring the Belgian to the Etihad in 2008 but the move didn't materialise . 'I'm passionate about the club and I want success as much as the owners,' he says .
Manchester City players could miss out on £500,000-a-man bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season . Premier League title holders give players like Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules . City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby .
Chelsea had only one shot at it, with Fabregas wriggling out of security undetected . It was the second London heist in a week, with the imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of QPR’s supporters . Jose Mourinho’s team are within inches of the silverware — the Barclays Premier League crown — after this dramatic game of smash and grab .
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective mask as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 . The Spaniard broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City last Saturday . He removed the mask to celebrate scoring in the 66-yard wondergoal . Former Barcelona star travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted .
Toby Alderweireld has been in superb form this season at Southampton . The 26-year-old joined on loan from Atletico Madrid last summer . Manchester City and Tottenham are interested in the Belgian defender . But Ronald Koeman's side can make deal permanent for £6.8million .
Manchester United's Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the 'mini-derby' 13 out of 22 players on show at kick-off were English, 10 were Mancunian . Callum Gribbin was the matchwinner for United with a delightful free-kick . The impressive Marcus Wood came closest with an audacious chip .
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native land and for the BBC . He was the first cricketer to take 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s . The great commentator had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since November and carried on until a car crash forced him out of the commentary box in 2013 .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral . Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer . The former Australia captain and legendary broadcaster was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests .
Richie Benaud died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer . Here Sportsmail recounts his finest moments from his broadcasting career . He was renowned for his calming tone as a cricket broadcaster .
Richie Benaud died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . He was a television broadcaster, a man of unusually wry wit . But he was also a professional to his core, and conveyed his love by visual means or verbal . During his playing days, he won 63 Test caps between January 1952 and February 1964 .
Former Australia captain and broadcaster Richie Benaud died at the age of 84 . The 45-year-old was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country . Warne paid an emotional tribute to his mentor on Instagram . 'I've known you & Daphne for close to 30 years & to everyone you were a legend on all levels & rightly so too,' he wrote .
Michael Vaughan has confirmed he has held talks with the ECB over the new director of cricket . The Ashes captain is the favourite to take over from Paul Downton . Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are also in the frame for the three-man shortlist compiled at Thursday's management board meeting .
Surrey named in Kevin Pietersen's 13-man squad for Oxford University match . Former England batsman has not played first-class cricket since Ashes . 34-year-old has thrown support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan .
Lancashire have signed Australia all-rounder James Faulkner for the bulk of this summer . Peter Siddle will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad .
Jacques Burger will be available to play in Saracens' European Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18 . Namibia flanker received one-week ban after he appeared at a disciplinary hearing on Thursday . Burger had been cited by the match commissioner for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris .
Owen Farrell hopes to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont Auvergne on April 18 . Farrell has been out since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January . The fly-half missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result .
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premiership’s player of the month for March . The uncapped Wasps centre scored two tries in March as the club maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season .
Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the 'best week of my life' The Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time against Burnley . Kane scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 .
Sunderland beat Newcastle 3-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday . Newcastle boss John Carver used a secret motivational tactic to rouse his players . Phil Neville was scathing in his assessment of Newcastle a fortnight ago . The Magpies boss said he was 'disgusted' by their performance .
Adam Johnson, 27, is charged with four offences with a child under 16 and one of grooming . He will appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court . Footballer was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate at police station in County Durham .
Tareq Kamleh has been identified as the 'new face' of ISIS propaganda . Calling himself 'Abu Yusuf', he called on foreign medics to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service) The doctor, who is believed to be in his late 20s, completed his medical degree at Adelaide University .
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January for £12million, signing a four-and-a-half year contract . The 23-year-old has tailed off in recent weeks and has been dropped to the bench for the previous two Serie A matches . Roberto Mancini insists that reports he is set to leave Inter are 'completely made up'
Juventus face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-finals of the competition . La Gazetta dello Sport have hailed the tie as a 'Mission Possible' Bernabeu boss Carlo Ancelotti fears former team since winning Scudetto . Spanish and Italian teams make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both European competitions .
Former Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova died aged 45 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer . The way he steadfastly attempted to carry on despite his illness drew much admiration and there was a considerable outpouring of sadness at his passing . Vilonova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club which won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies .
Plane circled above Istanbul Ataturk Airport after its engine caught fire . Plane was quickly evacuated on landing, and there are no reported injuries . It is the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced airline to recall .
Smita Srivastava's hair is documented at 6ft (1.8m) in the Limca Book of Records . Her hair is now more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel does not intend to rest on her laurels .
Boy, 12, fell down eight-foot Peterborough manhole . His leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole . Firefighters, police and ambulance staff worked to free the boy . Incident happened in Peterborough and within hours, accident occurred .
Gareth Barry has advised his Everton team-mate Ross Barkley not to move to Manchester City at this young stage of his career . Veteran midfielder spent four seasons at City before being found surplus to requirements . The 21-year-old believes it is still too early to decide on his future .
Five-time world snooker champion says he would 'love' to be Top Gear presenter . He beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round and will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 at The Crucible on Saturday . The champion has appeared as a guest on the show in the past . CLICK HERE for all the latest Top Gear news .
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez . Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title . But former Manchester United right-back says he is not as ruthless as the rest .
Manchester United have endured two mixed campaigns this season . The Red Devils finished seventh last season, their lowest position since the Premier League era . Young has praised Louis van Gaal's managerial style and desire to bring success back to the club .
PM told an audience he was a West Ham supporter despite supporting Aston Villa . The Tory leader has since apologised for 'brain fade' - perhaps he became confused . West Ham tweeted Cameron to vote for his favourite player .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will make a late decision on star striker's fitness . Costa's leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the Emirates Stadium . Spain international could also miss Sunday's top-of-the-table clash with Leicester . 17-year-old striker Dominic Solanke is also set to deputise on the bench .
Ann Price, the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger, has died at the age of 72 . The 72-year-old was known for her no-cursing policy and caring in cooking up every plate of burger and fries . Customers were known to call her 'Miss Ann'
Jack Grealish could end up playing for Ireland against England in June . FIFA rule states friendly match appearances do not commit a player to one country . Gareth Southgate made contact about a year ago and wants to include him . The FA Cup final on May 30 may come too soon if Martin O'Neill wants to fast-track the 19-year-old into his senior side .
Top seed Maria Sharapova is top seed at the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis . Sabine Lisicki, Caroline Wozniacki, and Angelique Kerber were all in attendance . World No 1 Serena Williams admits she was not ready for the clay court season .
Brazilian Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta . The pair were joined on Monday night in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in the French city of Saint-Etienne .
Chelsea drew 2-2 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium . David Ospina clattered into the lob to deny Ramires . Hector Bellerin was preferred to fit again Mathieu Debuchy . Per Mertesacker - Patched up after suffering an ankle injury .
Canadian Eugenie Bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake . The 21-year-old refused to shake the hand of Romanian opponent Alexandra Dulgheru before Fed Cup match at the weekend . It is not the first time she has declined the traditional shake of hands prior to the event, the women's incomprehensible equivalent of Davis Cup .
Manchester United trio meet sick children and adults at training complex . Louis van Gaal's side also signed memorabilia for the Manchester United Foundation . The foundation uses the passion for Manchester United to educate and inspire young people .
Liverpool sign a three-year kit deal with Standard Chartered Bank for three years . The new deal will run until the end of the 2018-19 season . Liverpool chief commercial officer Billy Hogan: "This extension further demonstrates the great strength of our long term relationship."
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . But they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend . The pair recently purchased a mansion in Beverly Hills for £8.4million .
West Ham will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Premier League . Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue . New TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay £5billion for domestic rights and there will be another auction over the summer with overseas broadcasters . Lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289, the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99, and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games for £776 .
Lewis Hamilton secured his third grand prix win of the season for Mercedes . Nicolas, who suffers from cerebral palsy, is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi . Lewis Hamilton's next race is the Spanish Grand Prix on May 10 .
Jack Grealish was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win, picking himself up each time . The 19-year-old wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits . He wears a socks round his ankles but has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations .
Video allegedly shot near capital of Sanaa sees 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine . Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen is believed to have established an ISIS-related group in Yemen . Comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and the local Al Qaeda affiliates .
Model and environmental scientist created swimwear line with US brand Swimsuits For All's trend range, SwimSexy . The collection is made entirely of 100% recycled material .
Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala from August 2013 . Now 20 months old, she follows as she travels the world playing for professional teams . Bishop will go with Zala to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA .
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father as a late birthday gift . The Manchester United star showed off the impressive portrait on his Instagram account . Louis van Gaal's side return to Champions League qualification . Everton head into Sunday's game with their tails up after being unbeaten in their last four .
David Haye, 34, was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport . He was accused of fraud by writing a £341,000 bounced cheque . Boxer also handed over his passport and has been unable to leave .
Chelsea's dominance over the past nine months highlighted by a cluster of blue shirts in the PFA Premier League team of the year . Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho was the only English attacking player chosen up front with Diego Costa . David de Gea has overcome a difficult start in English football to become Manchester United's most outstanding performer this season . The Blues have been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid this summer .
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 on Sunday . He now has a goal every 83 minutes, two minutes short of Lionel Messi . Manager Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is 'doing the moment' 'I feel good and am enjoying the moment,' says Hernandez of his current form . Real are two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona with one game remaining .
Twitter's Periscope app allows users to stream live video and audio online . The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can be saved . Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers stream content between their devices without paying .
Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick against Torino . Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval . The defeat was the first time the derby had beaten Juve for 20 years .
Five-time world champion made a rude gesture during his second round match against Matthew Stevens . Referee Olivier Marteel approached O'Sullivan as he walked to the table when Stevens missed a red, telling him he had noticed his hand gesture, which was thought to have been self-directed . The warning from the referee could be the end of Sunday's matter . Ali Carter continued to struggle in his match against Australia's Neil Robertson .
Cesc Fabregas was booed by the same set of Arsenal fans upon his return . Chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments when he was booked for diving . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger wants to finish the season well, and successfully defend the FA Cup, he says .
Five-time champion raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield . The Rocket could now face a fine after breaching snooker’s strict dress code .
England's national saint's day falls on April 23 . A number of the country's finest footballers took to social media on Thursday . Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie .
Manchester United beat Everton 3-0 at Goodison Park on Sunday . James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored the goals . It was the Red Devils' worst performance in five or six weeks . Louis van Gaal admitted he was worried after watching pre-match warm-up . Neville concurs with Van Gaal's assessment .
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday . James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored for the hosts . Louis van Gaal said his players were lacking motivation after the defeat . The Dutch boss admitted he was worried after watching the game . Van Gaal's side are second best from the first minute to the last .
Real Madrid beat neighbours Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final . Cristiano Ronaldo's shot hit a Real supporter in the front row . Ronaldo completed his warm-up routine and lifted off his training shirt . The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering art .
Chelsea produced a defensive master class in a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Blues boss Jose Mourinho branded their 11 year wait for the Premier League title 'boring' Arsene Wenger said Chelsea 'came to defend' after the final whistle . Chelsea manager insists 11 years without winning the league is 'very boring'
Bayern Munich struggled to overturn a 3-1 deficit against Porto on Tuesday . Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben watched on . Bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before winning 6-1 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals .
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday . Wayne Rooney was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages . Van Gaal confirmed the injury but it was too early to know the severity . The England international was seen receiving treatment on the bench .
Argentine Jorge Lopez died in a suspicious road accident in July . UEFA have charged Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola for wearing the top demanding justice for the journalist . The top read 'JusticiaParaTopo' during Guardiola's pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League .
Harry Kane has been in superb form this season despite starting the campaign as third-choice striker . The 21-year-old arrived on Sunday having also been shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award . Kane broke into the Tottenham first-team under Mauricio Pochettino .
Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho said Oscar was taken off due to 'possible concussion' Oscar collided with an onrushing David Ospina during the 16th minute . The Arsenal goalkeeper was sent to hospital at half time for checks . Oscar played on for half an hour before being properly assessed .
Chris Hala'ufia halted Laurence Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge . The London Welsh forward then rammed into the turf earning him a red card . Leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the Welsh .
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by the World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman . Light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show . The belt will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight on May 2 .
Angelique Kerber came from a set down to outmuscle Caroline Wozniacki . The German won the Stuttgart Grand Prix 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday . Kerber completed a memorable week where she beat Maria Sharapova and sixth seed Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds .
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari has asked why the Cesc Fabregas flag should be taken down from the side of the Emirates Stadium . Callergari, 27, is known for his Arsenal-related rants, saying: 'Why is that still on the bridge? He kissed the badge when they lifted the cup last week. Why does that still adorn the stadium's Ken Friar Bridge?' The Spanish midfielder is set to start against his former club on Sunday .
England rugby stars take part in crossbar challenge at training centre . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill practice their keepy-up skills . Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford take part .
Woods and Ming met up at Nike's HQ in Shanghai, China . Former Houston Rockets centre towered over his tutor . Woods will return to PGA Tour at Players Championship on May 7 .
Chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs to lay a blue marker down . The four pranksters called themselves the 'C-Team' as they carried out their 'mission' Chelsea travel to Emirates on Sunday in search of crucial three points .
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique . The English golfer posted Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck . Europe Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke said: 'That's the best I have ever seen him play'
Jockey Blake Shinn suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing . The Australian bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate . Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down .
Man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, pops the grape-sized growth on wrist . His sister-in-law inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with a pair of pliers as he winces . After one last hammer – which was once met by a loud moan – he says: 'I think we can go a little deeper'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . Pep Guardiola ripped a small hole in his trouser leg of his grey garments . Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals thanks to goals from Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Thomas Muller, Xabi Alonso and a brace from Robert Lewandowski .
The current state of the Algerian League table means that any of the 16 teams in the league could still be crowned champions . The top two qualify for next year's CAF Champions League, while the team in third make the CAF Confederation Cup, Africa's equivalent of the Europa League .
Daniel Sturridge will again miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull on Tuesday night due to calf and thigh injuries . The England striker is battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22 . Brendan Rodgers is adamant he will strengthen this summer .
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer . The 27-year-old bet on Jack to win by a points decision or via a technical one . Jack, the Las Vegas-based fighter, was the underdog for the UIC Pavilion bout with Dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights . Groves correctly predicted that a shock was on the cards .
Floyd Mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked . Adrien Broner, a three-time world champion, took to Instagram to show off the food on show . Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history .
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his foundation . Charity ball took place hours after Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 . Blues Brothers Eden Hazard, Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill, Juan Cuadrado and John Terry attended .
Steven Gerrard's time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax . The Aston Villa captain was denied the chance of a happy ending . Brendan Rodgers must take the blame for his performance this season . Liverpool lost 1-0 to Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday afternoon .
Brendan Rodgers wants to sign £25million Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven . The Dutch international has also been linked with Bayern Munich . Liverpool were given permission by PSV to hold with Depay . Click here for more Liverpool transfer news .
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute with a superb counter-attack . Kevin Mirallas slotted home the third after a brilliant counter attack . Evertonian striker Roberto Martinez's side had a goal disallowed for offside . The result was Louis van Gaal's biggest defeat as United boss .
Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday . He was raising money for charity with his two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz . Beckham cried for the final ten minutes of his professional football career . Kenyan Eliud Kipchoge won the women’s attention pre-race .
Chelsea captain John Terry has warned them they will not win the Premier League playing ‘tippy-tappy football’ Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas . Blues booed off the pitch following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal . Terry said: 'If you are not winning games you're not going to win it .
MGM Grand president Scott Sibella promises to fans that they will not run out of beer this weekend . Majority of rooms on the Strip are reserved for proven high-rollers with track records of seven-figure gambling . 50,000 people a day are expected to pass through for Friday night's weigh-in and Saturday's boxing contest .
Chelsea manager avoided the Champions League fixtures as he visited Motspur Park with his son Jose Junior . Fulham Under 21s were beaten 3-0 by Porto U21s in the International Cup semi-final clash . Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick for Porto to help them progress to the Premier League International Cup final . Chelsea lost out of the last 16 as they failed to overcome PSG, who were defeated by Barcelona on Tuesday .
Edinson Cavani was visited by his South American friends at a zoo . The PSG striker has been plagued by problems with Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Cavani has netted 18 goals for Ligue 1 side this season in all competitions .
St Mirren's Steven Thompson speared team-mate John McGinn with a pole . Thompson stumbled into two poles intended for the players to run through . The pole stabbed the Scot in the leg, leaving him requiring hospital attention . He scored two goals in Saturday's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock .
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon for the past 12 years . The world record holder said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race . She ran with a left foot as flexible as a rod of iron in 2:36.55 . It is the IAAF qualifying standard for the Rio Olympics next summer .
Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena in the future . The 47-year-old Spaniard won two Bundesliga titles in seven years with Borussia Dortmund despite being dubbed underdogs . Former Bayern boss says only a fully fit squad will get passed Lionel Messi and co in the Champions League .
Liverpool fans angry at being charged £50 for seats to go to Hull . Hull boss Steve Bruce says he respects supporters' right to protest . Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at costs .
Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night . The 25-year-old netted Bayern's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg . Bayern players remained on pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters behind the goal . With a megaphone in hand stirred up a frenzy as he led the chants . Muller is the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .
James Haskell posts picture dressed as Downey Jr.'s character Iron Man . London Wasps captain returns to club where he started his career for 2012 . He has played his rugby in France, Japan and New Zealand .
Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton and won't be available for the rest of the season . The 26-year-old took to Instagram to show his followers the over-sized chair . He has been plagued with injuries since joining West Ham permanently in 2013 .
Wladimir Klitschko has confirmed Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and is ready to travel to England to defend his belts . The heavyweight champion ended his seven-year American hiatus by clearly out-pointing Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night . He has warned Fury that he will relish finally fighting a man taller than him .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet at Jimmy Kimmel Live . The pair have come face-to-face just once in the build-up to announce the fight . Mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to the MGM Grand next week while Pacquio will fly in from his Los Angeles base . Click here for more boxing news .
Mick Schumacher Junior begins his Formula 4 career in Germany this weekend . The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team after impressing during his karting career, finishing second in the world, European and German kart championships last season . His debut in single-seater racing gets underway at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben .
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus helped launch the new Puma boot . The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German . Borussia Dortmund winger has been heavily linked with a move away from the club . Click here for more Manchester City news .
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Manchester United at the Emirates on Saturday . John Terry's side have proved a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge . Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history .
Rory McIlroy met Brad Dalke, 17, at a junior event in South Carolina . The world No 1 golfer made short work of a strength test against the ripped teenager . Northern Irishman will join Oklahoma University this year .
Chelsea captain has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games . The 34-year-old has made 37 appearances during his side's last title-winning season in 2009-10, 2004-05 and again the following season . Terry has played 2,970 minutes this season, scoring three goals against Man City . Blues drew 0-0 with Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon .
Javier Hernandez makes it six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid keep up their pursuit of Barcelona at the top of La Liga . Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is two minutes short of Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes . Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid and in Baliados on Sunday .
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 on Sunday . The Manchester United loanee now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid . Chicharito currently has a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Barcelona's Lionel Messi . Hernandez has impressed in the absence of regular striker Karim Benzema .
Kei Nishikori defeated Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-4 in the Barcelona Open final . It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese . The 66-year-old will be among the favourites to win the French Open .
The EA Sports Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London . Manchester City's Sergio Aguero replaces Diego Costa up front . Cesc Fabregas and Santi Cazorla, who has missed just one Premier League game, are given the nod . The system measures a player's contribution to the success of his team . But did the professionals get it right?
Chelsea top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since 1992 . Chelsea are third with 29 representatives, while Manchester City are third . Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all make the top ten . Steven Gerrard has been named in the PFA Team of the Year more than anyone else in the Premier League .
Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis out for up to three weeks . Scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear should keep him out . The 29-year-old took to Instagram to share pictures of his recovery . He hopes to return for the trip to Arsenal on May 11 .
Manchester United fan day held at the Aon Training Complex on Monday . Louis van Gaal handed fan list of potential targets to Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels . Rafa Benitez also handed list of players he thinks he should sign for United . Moshin Tanveer, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, handed list .
Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal's transfer dealings in the transfer window . The Frenchman believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title . He also hit out at Olivier Giroud by saying the Gunners will struggle to win the league if their fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker in attack .
Manny Pacquiao's boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather . Retailers are struggling to meet demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia . Items they believe could at least double in value if he wins the fight . Boxing gloves, the best-selling item, have also risen at least 50 per cent .
Waistcoat, £59.99, Skinny belt, £82.50, elliotrhodes.com . Seemed to compete with Aurora crystal earrings, £54, qvcuk .
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June . The strips have caused a bit of stir, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue . Striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative .
Ivan Rakitic has been an integral part of Barcelona's side since signing from Sevilla in June . The Croatia international shared a picture with his wife and daughter on Instagram . He captioned the post 'Happy St George's Day, I will enjoy with my princesses'
Jose Mourinho went into the game without a striker against Arsenal . The Chelsea mastermind wants results after Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar . Loic Remy and Diego Costa are both working their way back to fitness with leg injuries . Chelsea take on Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday .
Qatar won the final round of voting against USA in the executive committee ballot . MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory . Millions of pounds of cash payments made to huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Mohammed bin Hammam .
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici was dumped out of the FA Cup at Wembley . Federici had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final . He apologised to fans for his error after the game, tweeting: 'It's part of being a goalkeeper'
Edinson Cavani could be a looming void at Manchester United . The Uruguayan hasn't impressed since joining on loan from Napoli . Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young players at Old Trafford . PSG will now concentrate on winning a two-horse race with Lyon . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Manny Pacquiao appears in hilarious video for Foot Locker . Filipino jokingly predicts his fight against Floyd Mayweather will 100 per cent go ahead . Foot Lockers have released follow-up where he acts as if he is not aware of a deal to take on Mayweather .
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip before Chrisitan Benteke strike equalised for Aston Villa . Fabian Delph scored the equaliser and Villa held on for the famous victory . Click here for Sportsmail's brilliant Match Zone analysis .
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres) The model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be 'resistant to scratches and impact' The watch survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when the timepiece hit the pavement . When it was dropped ‘not aiming at the display,’ the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact .
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX . But quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen at the White House . A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason . Brady is now the all-time leader with 12 Super Bowl touchdown passes and completions on 37 .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has settled back seven of his strikers . Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom . Mauricio Pochettino must have been delighted that Spurs outran Southampton to earn a 2-2 draw at St Mary's. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news .
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium in the early kick-off . They were hoping Middlesbrough lost plus Norwich failed to win . Fulham beat Boro 4-3 in stoppage time in the final five minutes . Tommie Hoban has called the club's promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG on Tuesday night . The former Spain international also set the record for most appearances in the knockout phase of the Champions League having now featured in 53 matches in the latter stages . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal the total in both Champions League games and knockout matches if he plays against Atletico .
The latest version of the long-running game series, due out on July 16, features a number of new features, including various ball physics . The game offers multiple ways to play, including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy with the ability to add spin to the shot . Fans can mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style .
The F1 world champion was spotted on the set with Olivia Munn . The scene looked like Ben Stiller was taking part in a catwalk show with Hansel . Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen . He previously lent his voice to Disney animation Cars 2 .
Motherwell will battle with SPFL over free entry to Premiership play-offs . Under existing rules, the SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds . But Motherwell want to offer free tickets to season-ticket holders .
Manchester City have told Jason Denayer to return to England to spend a season on loan in the English Championship . The 19-year-old has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic . Celtic will block any move to instigate another one-year deal .
Two young boys 'fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years' Lourdes Barraza Torres, 10, and Reyna, 4, were reunited with their deported relatives at the gate at Border Field State Park in California . The gate was unlocked by officials in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family .
Cameron used interview to insist he was working 'bloody hard' to win majority . But only 25 per cent think Ed Miliband is most up for the fight compared to Cameron . Two surveys yesterday put Tories ahead, including one which gave them six-point lead .
Labour councillor Karen Danczuk says she aspired to be an MP . She said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality' The 31-year-old revealed she had suffered sexual abuse earlier this year . But she said she had rebuilt her life after the abuse, but now has the confidence to go into politics .
London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog samples registered on database . Would then use stored information to match mess to owners and issue fines . DNA testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate . Council hopes collection will fit new national laws requiring microchip .
Philip Dunning 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . The good news was broken by his partner's best friend, Sandra Easton, in an excited phone call . Their first spending priorities will be a new house and upgrading their Vauxhall Astra .
Actor Chris O'Dowd lashed out at Gatwick Airport after his three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security . He posted the tweet on his verified Twitter account, which has 630,000 followers . It came a day after he and his wife, Dawn O’Porter, attended LDNY show and WIE Award gala sponsored by Maserati at Goldsmith Hall in London .
Football fan made girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite club . Saskia scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, to which he commented, 'Well done Saskii! As a result, I will not be dumping you! (Lucky you)' Aaron Ramsey scored the winning goal in the 204 FA Cup Final against Hull City .
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made Madeleine McCann dead . Lisbon court agreed that he should pay couple £179,000 each in damages . He also banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie . The McCans say they are 'devastated and crushed' by his book which sold 120,000 copies .
Ronald Butcher left half a million pounds to builder Daniel Sharp after he died . The will was drawn up by Mr Butcher in 2011 but they were disinherited after his death . His family and friends insist that the builder's will is invalid and claim he is lying about his friendship with Mr Sharp . But the three children were the children of a close school friend .
Ousamn Jatta took wife Beryl to a care home while he went to Africa . But when he returned he was told she could not go home with him . He threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over her . 'I would never neglect Beryl. I love Beryl,' he said .
James Rodriguez scores stunning volley to open the scoring for Barcelona . Almeria let visitors pass from side to side, but they're getting forward too . Real Madrid XI: Casillas, Carvajal, Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos; Real, Xavi . Cristiano Ronaldo (ankle) and James (Jane) complete 184 passes so far today . CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news .
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo has praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . He said 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution . Prime Minister Tony Abbott slammed the executions as 'cruel and unnecessary' and announced he would withdraw Australia's envoy .
Rodrigo Gularte shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia on Wednesday morning . The 42-year-old was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Irish priest appointed to be Gulartote's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to him for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions. But the convicted drug
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India, to visit relatives when a group of men began harassing them . The men grabbed her and made several attempts to 'molest' them, but instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in . Incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province . Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the conductor to stop the bus, but according to her testimony, he started driving
Carl Beatson Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009, court told . He was a Francis Xavier College student who appeared in CBBC's MI High . Jeffrey Okafor, 24, of East Dulwich, is accused of killing Beatson-Asiedu . Court told he confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to Nigeria on his brother's passport .
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander releases what he claims are secret plans . Prime Minister 'flatly rejects' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander . Tories angrily deny the specific proposals set out in the document . Tory Chancellor George Osborne has promised to cut £12billion from the welfare bill after the election, but has refused to say where the axe will fall . Vince Cable claims the Tories are trying to con the British people by keeping their planned cuts secret until after May 7 . Nick C
Oldham Athletic have signed Ronaldo Brown after being released by Liverpool . The 16-year-old is named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo . Mum Denise chose the name because of her love of the Brazil side . Ronaldo has a twin brother after the former Barcelona and AC Milan player .
Ba Van Nguyen flew a military helicopter on his own during the fall of Saigon in 1975 to rescue his family . The USS Kirk was too small to allow the helicopter to land, so he hoovered over to land seconds before it crashed - all on its own . In a new interview with CNN, some of the family are revealing what happened on that historic day in the South Vietnamese army .
President vows to 'show no mercy' if French peacekeepers are found guilty . Troops accused of abusing children as young as nine in exchange for food . Investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public . French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal . It was made aware of the allegations when it received leaked UN report .
Pema Lama, 15, was rescued from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu . He was 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday . His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued .
Sonit Awal, five months, was found in the rubble of his four-storey home in Bharktapur, Nepal, after Saturday's devastating earthquake . His mother Rasmila Awal has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' when rescuers arrived and pulled Sonit from the devastation with little more than a scratch to his face . Family are now homeless and living in a tarpulin opposite the wreckage - but are thankful they are all alive . Mrs Awal said: 'I am so happy to have my baby back.
SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament . Sturgeon says coalition's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen SNP's hand . Two-thirds of MPs now have to back an earlier election, and governments can lose votes on Budgets, Queen's Speeches and other key legislation .
Former police officer Darren Stanton appeared on ITV's This Morning . He suss out when Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were fibbing . Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying .
Ukip leader insists he would accept result even if voters rejected referendum . Claims party could enjoy SNP-style surge in support after referendum vote . Comes after Cameron, Miliband and Clegg faced live-TV grilling over referendum plans . All three leaders faced questions over plans for next five years in power . David Cameron says he will not hold a referendum in Britain's interests .
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games . But the 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts this season . Real Madrid signed a deal worth around £15million last summer . It allowed Real to first loan Hernandez outright before other clubs could bid . Hernandez's exclusivity period passed at midnight on Thursday night .
Carl Thompson, 32, has ballooned to 65 stone in just three years . Living off disability benefits and a disability allowance, he now spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping . After the death of his mother in 2012, Mr Thompson turned to food as a means of coping with his grief . He is too heavy to walk or wash himself and is bed-bound at 65 stone .
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament . Will warn if EU agrees to give refuge to migrants it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain . Comes after more than 1,000 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean .
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ . But Parliament will be left deadlocked with Scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law . May said that, in the worst scenario, the decision would be in the hands of a minority Ed Miliband government propped up by the SNP .
Ukip leader says anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK . Salmond has made problem worse and said he was wrong that SNP is called racist . Farage addressed supporters at the Grand Hotel, in Hartlepool, as he stepped up his election push in the north of England .
Stuart McCall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players . Rangers skipper Lee McCulloch was booed for an error against Raith Rovers . The error led to a goal that led to Rangers goal . McCall says he has no problem with boos at half time or full time .
Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority had launched bid to keep claims secret . But Court of Appeal ruled that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices . Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published . Case stems from a Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010 .
Ten years ago, Liz Clark, 34, was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels . For the last decade she has been sailing alone in a sailboat, travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date . Sailing around the world offers Liz the perfect chance for scenic stop-offs to practise yoga .
Only nine per cent of Germans consider the end of the conflict a defeat . Instead they are exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime .
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover while he was working in Dorset in 2005 . The married engineer suffered whiplash which developed into chronic pain syndrome, his lawyers claim . But Direct Line Group accused the sales manager of attempting a £600,000 fraud at the Central London County Court .
Anonymous scientist Bionerd has attracted thousands of YouTube subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone . The site was devastated by a devastating nuclear explosion on April 26, 1986 - which has closed the area to the world . She says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital - and the most scared she's felt was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned buildings .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight will take place on May 2 . The issue of tickets, credentials and hotel rooms were all resolved . Bob Arum was angered as he was by delays over the tickets release .
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema in 2005 for just £1,200 . They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years . The couple have now decided the time has come to sell the bus, which has taken over their lives for over a decade .
Family must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham . Jack Wilshere was spotted at Luton Town's Hale End academy . 11-year-old Charlie Patino is a level-headed family, like Jack .
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups attended the annual Academy Day at Finch Farm on Tuesday . Everton graduate Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent . The Academy graduate said: 'I think we've had as much fun as the kids!'
Former hair stylist Ivan Rakitic married Raquel Mauri in 2013 . Mauri posted a selfie of them taking in sun, surf and sand on Instagram . The couple are due to have a baby boy and have the name for him .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet in the Fight of the Century on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with 'Midnight Train To Georgia' singer Gladys Knight . The mega-fight is expected to get £120m from the fight .
Jack Wilshere is closing in on a return to full fitness after ankle surgery . The England midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off . A £2.15 box of Seriously Fruity Mixed Berry Crisp can be seen spilling out of one bag close to his trolley handlebar next to an Oats .
Kieran Gibbs and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain posed for a selfie with rapper Tyga while taking him on a tour of the Emirates Stadium . The Rack City rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal . England internationals also gave him a No 52 Arsenal shirt with the word 'Kingin', a hashtag he usually writes on Twitter, printed on the back .
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again . Messi took to Instagram to post a picture of his son, Thiago, kissing his wife . The couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have name for him .
Amelie Mauresmo will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open . Murray parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling . The 27-year-old Scot is in Munich for this week’s BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club .
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . Only 500 tickets were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand . One fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, booked the trip to Las Vegas back on December 13 in anticipation of the big fight .
Adnan Januzaj was at the Crucible to cheer on Shaun Murphy at the World Championships in Sheffield . The 20-year-old has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal . He had turned out for the Under 21 side at Fulham amid reports he could be farmed out on loan next season . But the Belgium international may want to try his hand at another sport .
Theo Walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he poses for a Lanvin photoshoot . The Arsenal winger has been named on 17 of their 33 Barclays Premier League games . Walcott will be hoping to make his first start since his side's 3-0 win over West Ham on March 14 .
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour both played at Goodison Park . Manchester United midfielder was substituted at half-time against the Toffees . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing .
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season . The trio have now scored 100 goals between them in all competitions . Barcelona beat Getafe 6-0 on Tuesday night to go five points clear in La Liga . All but nine of these goals have come inside the box at the Nou Camp .
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker . Former Manchester United boss believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi as he could score for any team . Ferguson also rates Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes as the best players he has managed .
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon 2015 in under two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds . The McLaren driver joked he was disappointed to finish behind former Olympic rower James Cracknell . Button was running on behalf of Cancer Research and described his experience as 'really really emotional'
Rafael Nadal is a nine-time champion at Roland Garros and is still the favourite . Roger Federer has been on hard courts for seven-eight months . The Spaniard lost to Gael Monfils in the third round in Monte Carlo .
Neymar published a photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi . The Brazilian had used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression 'dale' Messi opened the scoring before Xavi became Luis Enrique's first substitution .
Addison Russell, 21, was playing for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field . Bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face . Cubs officials rushed to assist the spectator and towels from the home team's dugout were brought to the injured fan .
Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Real Madrid's 3-0 win against Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night . The 16-year-old Norway international was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti's side were in a commanding lead . But the Norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as Real lost 3-0 to the relegation-threatened club .
Nicolas and Lewis Hamilton enjoyed some down time in LA ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week . The 23-year-old Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA's busiest freeways . Nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds in June .
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon . Didier Drogba hit back at claims that his side were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge' Chelsea are preparing for Wednesday night's game at Leicester City at St George's Park .
Robin van Persie opened the scoring as Man United U21s beat Fulham . Joe Rothwell followed up Van Persie's goal with two goals of his own . Tyler Blackett, Adnan Januzaj and Warren Joyce also on target .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2 . The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300m (£195m) and will earn a record amount of sponsorship . Tecate have paid $5.6million (£3.7m) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor of the bout .
BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday to celebrate innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport . AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere, Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet .
Chelsea's Didier Drogba has been awarded Barclays Spirit of the Game . The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Droba Foundation in Africa' The 37-year-old spoke about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast .
Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by young Liverpool fan Paisley back in February . The 25-year-old was left red-faced by the talented youngster . Presenter Paisley joked: 'This is my next thing. You're going to see this. It's called fed the ducks'
Floyd Mayweather posted a signed contract for his mega-fight two months ago . But officially, tickets for the fight are not on sale for 11 days until the fight . SeatGeek, the world's largest ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000) The venue for the bout, the MGM Grand Arena, has the following message: 'Trojan tickets'
Manny Pacquiao believes the Almighty is in his corner . Floyd Mayweather has defended his announcement that he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2 . The 28-year-old built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call . He was slammed for pronouncing himself superior to Ali .
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his mega fight against Floyd Mayweather in just 10 days have yet to be signed . Arum and Pacquiao are finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM Grand on May 2 . Click here for more boxing news .
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux rope 'rope' taking shape on the sun . In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis before bursting from the sun and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash to form . The insights were made using the 5.2ft (1.6 metres) New Solar Telescope at the Big Bear Solar Observatory in California .
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh . Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea . Astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul .
Audi has created 'green' diesel fuel made from water and carbon dioxide . The car maker claims it could provide a carbon neutral way of powering vehicles . Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel . Tests have shown the fuel can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels .
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision . It uses a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . A connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye . Second Sight, the company that got FDA approval two years ago, currently offers patients about 20/1300 vision .
Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012 . The jeans designer is the sister of Real Housewives of Melbourne's Gina . Last year she relaunched her eponymous jeans label, after going into liquidation in 2013 . She was ordered to pay back $150,000 by the Apparel Group, who own Sportscraft and Saba, but the deal ended acrimoniously .
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand . It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm . In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches . The gun is made from aluminium and shoots rounds of 1.4-watt Class 4 lasers . He said although it is only strong enough to pop balloons, it is still too dangerous to be used outside .
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch . The robots were originally created by Walker for a show called 'Peepshow' The event was staged to celebrate the UK launch of Dutch VPS, hosting and domain name company TransIP .
Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League . Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four . Burnley and QPR are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table .
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of these Middle Eastern skater girls in Kabul, Afghanistan . 40 per cent of the program's students are female, but the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program .
Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used techniques . They used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure . One cell remained intact during battery failure and as the heat-generating reactions continued, hot gas followed by molten material jetted out through the battery’s vent .
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California . The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter . Latest test of the technology took place above Nasa’s Armstrong Flight Research Center in Edwards . It could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent .
Indian doctors at Kathmandu's Bir Hospital told Mail Today that packets of ‘beef masala’ were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors . Dr Balwinder Singh said: "We did not touch the Pakistani aid. Shockingly, they avoid it."
GCHQ intercepted telephone calls and emails from Libyan dissident Sami al-Saadi . The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, a watchdog has ruled . It's the only judicial body with the power to investigate the security services .
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest in the world . It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato . The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long . At an incredible 460m (1509ft), China is the world's highest bridge . Monkey Bridges, Vietnam, is made of one single bamboo log for your feet .
Builder Ian Merrett, 28, whistled at Poppy Smart, 23, every day for a month . He says it has helped him 'snog loads of girls' in the past . Miss Smart eventually filmed the whistles and asked police to investigate sexual harassment . She said: 'If she walks past again and she is lucky she will get wolf-whistled again'
Celebrity former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates . She says Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband out of power . Former candidate praised Nigel Farage adding: 'You can’t knock him'
Stanford University team believe lab-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body . Team concluded their approach differed to other potential treatments that only apply to specific cancers, in that it could target a wide range of solid tumours . Process relies on same mechanism which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants, researchers said .
Two window cleaners were trapped in a platform blown up by high winds . Incident took place near the 91st floor of 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre .
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform . She films her every move and interacts with strangers for hours at a time . Amanda has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . Ellen DeGeneres is the highest ranking star but trailing behind Amanda .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday . Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 36 goals this season . The 17-year-old could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend . Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals . Chelsea will take commanding 3-1 lead into the second leg at Stamford Bridge .
Dundee United sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven in January . Jackie McNamara's side have won just three of their 14 games since . Celtic are also interested in signing 18-year-old Nadir Ciftci .
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for this year's World Snooker Championship at the Crucible ended on Monday as he lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt . White had defeated James Wattana in his qualifying opener on Saturday and needed two more wins to reach the main event . Six-time world champion Steve Davis was also knocked out in his 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin .
Five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign that began with the D-Day landings . Until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians, but yesterday they were awarded France's highest decoration . The Legion d'Honneur has been given to 2,800 veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in months to come .
Manny Pacquiao is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman . If he ran for president would win by a landslide, he is just over 5ft 6in and doubles as the player-coach of a professional basketball team, the Kia Carnival . His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday, and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights .
Celtic are favourites to win the Scottish Cup final on May 30 . Inverness lost to Scotland's champions 15 years ago . David Raven's extra-time winner saw them progress to the final . Virgil Van Dijk and Graeme Shinnie scored in the 18th minute .
Johanna Basford's first book, Enchanted Forest, has sold 226,000 in one month . Book reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April .
At least five women got into a brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon . Witnesses to the fracas had different reactions, some stood around and started recording the action .
The thread, which has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments, focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines . It asked users to spill the beans on what 'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses . The fee to find a bride this way costs between $10,000 (£6,500) and $15,000 (£9,800) However some have said they paid as much as $50,000 (£32,700)
Manchester City face Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final . The final will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium . City started their campaign with a 2-0 win over Oxford United in the third round just before Christmas, with goals from Marcus Wood and Bersant Celina .
Chelsea took 3-1 lead back to west London after a strong showing . Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline . Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead .
Chelsea beat Manchester City 1-0 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg . Tammy Abraham scored 36 goals for the west London side . Dominic Solanke equalised 35 times for the Blues . Chelsea have already been crowned kings of Europe in the UEFA Youth League .
Didier Drogba and John Terry held each other up in a post-match flash interview . The pair clung on and spoke happily if wearily after supplying the goals which fuelled this fight-back at Leicester . Ramires's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour - leaving Kasper Schmeichel in the Leicester goal no chance .
Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach . Bill Ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . The mega-fight will be the biggest pay-per-view fight of the century . Mayweather will be charged between $89.99 (£59) and $99.99 (1£66) to watch the fight while in Britain, Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £19.99 . Once ticket sales and casino profits have been considered, the fight could pocket astronomical sums for the two fighters . Click here for more boxing news .
Beijing International Airport is launching the world's biggest terminal . The gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 sq metres and handle 45million passengers a year . Six-tier concept aims to decrease customer walking distances, and increase connectivity . Building will guide users seamlessly and harmoniously through the building .
Wolfsburg lost 1-0 to Borussia Moenchengladbach on Sunday . Max Kruse's last-minute winner secured Bayern's place in the Champions League . Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title . Bayern travel to Bayer Leverkusen next week before hosting Augsburg .
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August . She dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort . Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight with Manny Pacquiao . His personal chef Quiana Jeffries reveals that a regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime and Mayweather demands organic produce . Jeffries also says that Mayweather likes fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce . The 38-year-old does not follow a structured training regime .
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week . For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in . Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies .
Celtic clinch the trophy for the fourth time in eight seasons at Hampden Park . Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie made two mistakes to give Celtic the lead . The match passed without any major off-field problems . It was played behind closed doors as only local schoolkids were allowed in .
Cherry and Whites transform into House of Fun on Saturday night . They will play Edinburgh in Challenge Cup final at Twickenham Stoop . Coach David Humphreys says it will be a huge final .
Barry Hearn has ruled out giving Reanne Evans a season-long tour wildcard . Evans lost 10-8 to Ken Doherty in first round of qualifying . The 1997 world champion led calls for Evans to be given another chance .
Chelsea beat Leicester 2-1 at Stamford Bridge to go top of the Premier League . Blues boss Jose Mourinho was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened Leicester . Victory at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday will now hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010 .
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championships in Sheffield this month . The Dudley resident will face former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying . But the 29-year-old insists she must take her chance to qualify .
The US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin . It activates cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well . Problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers . The prostate tumours were ‘almost completely destroyed’ by the mice’s immune cells, the team said .
Castello Baronale, 31 miles (50km) from Rome, was once used as a fortress by Napoleon for the family . The fort remained in the family for 400 years until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the gold . It boasts nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, an lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre .
The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership with six games to play . Ronny Deila believes Celtic are the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes . The former Stromsgodset boss says he has a ' sense of excitement' for his side .
Dita Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will team up with burlesque teacher Catherine D'Lish to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona, is famous for its raunchy routines .
John Terry's strike was his seventh goal in all competitions this season . Chelsea captain sits alongside strikers Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven goals apiece as well as attacking midfielder Oscar . Manchester City's Frank Lampard also has seven goals in all . Radamel Falcao and Danny Welbeck have struggled this season on loan .
Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned a message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed . The two men will be a pillar of strength for the other on death row until their last moment . Quilty became a mentor to Bali Nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency . He has promised to become 'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao . The two welterweight champions themselves will be given their own unique ring presented by the WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman . As well as commemorative rings, commemorative USB pen drives and silver gilt pendants are on offer too silver gilt commemorative key rings .
Steve Davis believes Jimmy White and Reanne Evans face tall orders to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible . White will face 1997 world champion Ken Doherty in his opener on Saturday .
YouTube pioneers gave interview to Newsround to talk about the video . It was originally filmed for the family to send to the boys' godfather . But it quickly went viral and has amassed 816million views on YouTube . Harry Davies-Carr says he finds video 'stupid' and thinks loads of people watch it .
Celtic beat Dundee United 2-1 at Tannadice Park on Sunday . Leigh Griffiths scored his third and final goal of the afternoon . The Hat-trick striker is now a Celtic player . Hibernian boss Ronny Deila is keen to keep him at the club .
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in their Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park . The game was a repeat of the final in 1957 when the Bairns lost to the Leith side at the same stage two years ago . Craig Sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute to set up a meeting between the two sides .
Pilots give insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their chosen destination . From First Class to Business, the best part of a flight is enjoying the breathtaking views at take-off and landing . The harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and flyers can get unbeatable aerial shots of Sydney Harbour bridge and the Sydney Opera House .
Suzi Cinalli says Massaging your 'third eye' can boost concentration . The Vital Touch massage therapist says this can boost memory and dissolve tension . Pumpkin seeds also contain omega-3 oils which are great brain food .
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . MailOnline Travel spoke to wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood, who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen . Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of Concierge & Events by Victoria, says she's had clients request special access to exclusive events . Bellini Travel only caters to a carefully selected list of clients a year .
Manny Pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world after a series of mega-fights and another one to follow on Saturday night against Floyd Mayweather . The 36-year-old has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Juan Manuel Marquez .
Floyd Mayweather has been preparing for his mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao . The 21-year-old performer has accompanied 'Money' into the ring numerous times . Mayweather will take on Canelo Alvarez in May at the MGM Grand on Saturday .
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football . Compared with the £5billion paid to English clubs for Premiership football the sums are trifling. Borderline insulting. St Mirren facing Ross County on wet March night in Paisley . Scottish Cup semi-final kicks off at 12.15pm kick-off against Celtic .
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell witnessing Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's grand arrivals in Las Vegas . Powell reflects on the pair's arrivals on the Las Vegas Strip and looks forward to the rest of the week .
The 24-year-old shared the players' player of the year award with captain Scott Brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters . Johansen joined the Parkhead club in January last year and has impressed during his first season at Parkhead . The Hoops are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership table .
Ken Doherty leads snooker Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their first qualifying round match in Sheffield . Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible . Match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are camping in Las Vegas ahead of their mouthwatering May 2 bout on Saturday . The Filipino star arrived in Vegas on Monday night ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Mayweather - who is training at Freddie Roach's self-titled Boxing Club . Both camps are in their final few days preparing for the bout, which will take place at the Mandalay Bay hotel, which is where they both are training . Sportsmail looks at the two main bases and what is on offer at both facility .
The Lombardy side of Lake Garda lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of Brescia . There is a large swimming pool, sun beds, gazebos and al fresco dining spots, overlooking a 4000 square metre garden . Hameau du Temple, located near Uzes, in the South of France, is the perfect Provencal family summer home .
Chelsea are set to announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan . Allan de Souza is regarded as the next big thing in South American football . The 19-year-old arrived from Atletico Paranaense with a glowing reputation . Nathan scored five goals during the 2013 FIFA Under 17 World Cup .
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'Because my life is saturated with it' Instead, she tries anything from dancing, Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening . Make a V shape slightly narrower by bringing your legs higher and upper body towards them .
The novella's author, Lacey Noonan, is a fan fiction $2.51 on Kindle . It is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over watching his games . The couple claim a photo of them that appears was used as the online cover without their permission or without them knowing .
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background on sale in Las Vegas . Manny Pacquiao points atwhoever he comes across, saying: 'I don’t know much about these things but I like taking portraits'
Racism is rife in coal region in Northeastern Pennsylvania, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states, according to the map . The coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US .
Georgia Davis, 22, dramatically lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales . At height of today's operation, neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property . It is the second time she has had to be rescued in such a way . Eye-witness: 'It's absolute chaos. There's 999 vehicles everywhere'
Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, came to have common belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour . They were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from Australian federal police to Indonesian officials . But a glance at their working-class backgrounds would never have led anyone to predict their dismal fate . Chan, the youngest of four children and the son of Chinese immigrants, once described himself as the black sheep of his family .
Amal Clooney is a high-powered human rights lawyer representing ousted and jailed Maldivian ex-President Nasheed . Nasheed was the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 . He was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison .
The riot erupted in 2012 when supporters of Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match . An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death . The defendants were sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti .
Meier to have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday . Tops Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16) Bayern duo of Robbing and Aubameyang also out injured .
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen after being involved in a brawl . The defender was filmed fighting with club security personnel after they refused to let his friends enter the changing room area . Leverksen says 'the latest revelations from the case last Wednesday leave us no other choice' The 34-year-old Bosnia-Herzegovina defender injured his knee in the match .
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in their Bundesliga clash . Robert Lewandowski scored his second goal of the season on Saturday . The Poland international finished top-scorer with Borussia Dortmund last season . Thomas Muller added a third after a brilliant volley on the counter-attack . Leweowski is now just three behind Alexander Meier in the Bundesliga .
Former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations . Gloriavale in New Zealand is a New Zealand settlement where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms . She said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community' 'Julia' said she was the victim of a 'wrong relationship' with an adult man when she was a child .
The finding was made by scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania, US using Nasa's NuStar telescope . When a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself . It is thought these zombie stars are leaving a 'mass grave' of white dwarf stars . But why there are so many of these stars here remains a mystery .
Liris Crosse, 32, always dreamed of being a model but her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf . She is now dubbed The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus-size modelling world . When starting out, Liris received rejection after her statuesque form, cat-like eyes, full lips and flawless complexion got Liris in the door .
West Ham are top of the Premier League table, just ahead of Burnley . The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke on Saturday . Sam Allardyce's future hangs in the balance with his contract expiring in the summer . Click here for all the latest West Ham news .
Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game . French midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with knee ligament injury . Southampton have been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham this summer . The 25-year-old has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract .
Southampton missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points with a 2-1 defeat at the Britannia Stadium . Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal since September, but a mistake from goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed Mame Diouf to equalise . Substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go . The 38-year-old says Southampton still have faint hopes of qualifying for the premier club competition in Europe .
Petr Cech is likely to be watching from the bench when Arsenal face Chelsea on Sunday . Ray Parlour believes signing Cech this summer would be a 'no brainer' The former England midfielder believes Arsenal should buy Cech for £10m . The Gunners can make it nine consecutive league victories with a win .
Adrien Broner was pictured with 50 Cent in Brooklyn on Tuesday night . The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson and Irish Andy Lee . Broner called Garcia out again on Instagram after 'Swift' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a controversial majority decision . 'I'm happy nobody got severely hurt I got love for both fighters but Lamont is closer to me so I was going for him,' he wrote . 50 Cent said Broner should have accepted the offer and went to
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by gitrfriends Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel . The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital . Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 win against Eintracht Franfurt .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour . Site has an identical style to Google with users given the option to 'Zlatans Search' or 'I'm feeling ZLatan' Sweden international striker Ibrahimovic is a huge success at Paris Saint-Germain .
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado gunman James Holmes continues . Twelve people were killed and 70 were wounded when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in July 2012 for a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises . If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death .
West Spruill, 39, has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36 . The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. on Monday evening in the Bronx . Police say he sexually assaulted her in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street, but he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest . She was taken to a nearby hospital where she was pronounced dead .
Torin and Jacques Lakeman died after consuming ecstasy they had bought online . The 19-year-old and his brother Jacques died in a pub above Manchester pub . Their housemate Ethan Bradley said he bought the drugs to 'have a good weekend' The pair had been watching Manchester United play at Old Trafford . Coroner slams ease with which drugs can be ordered over 'dark web'
Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen breached betting laws by betting . The Englishman placed bets on a total of 50 games in a year . But the SFA's appeal against his ban was rejected by an appellate tribunal .
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and planned to turn it into a restaurant . But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . And while attempting to fix a granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings from the Knights Templar were made . The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium and consisted of vast rooms, pottery, and vast room .
Microsoft announced its new Windows 10 operating system at its annual Build conference in San Francisco on Wednesday . It will release programming tools for software developers to adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the new operating system . Microsoft also announced a new web browser that it plans to offer with Windows 10 .
Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier . Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones . Figures were impacted by seasonal and other factors . In the fourth quarter, Apple and Samsung were virtually tied with around 20 percent of the market each .
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings, according to tests . Apple Watch uses green LED lights paired with lightsensitive photodiodes to calculate the number of times the heart beats each minute - your heart rate . It is thought red and green ink reflect light in a similar way and the sensor can't distinguish between the blood and tattoo .
Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . It uses sensors to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor are swept towards it with a brush . The bin also has an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags .
Adidas go is available on iOS only via the Apple App Store . It uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride . The app will continue to track and adjust the songs accordingly . Songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to . Instagram has launched a @music app to help people explore songs and albums .
The American Chemical Society in Washington took a look at the science of the Avengers in a video for Reactions . It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit, a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies . The video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities . Tony Stark's original suit of armour would have weighed around 70kg (150lbs) The ACS said that suit would probably weigh around 160kg (350lbs)
Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph . It takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours, splitting light into spectrum of thousands of wavelengths that can be measured with great precision . The ultimate goal of extrasolar planet research is to find planets like Earth that may support life .
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago . The moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken as it performed a flyby of the satellite . Scientists believe around 40 per cent of the moon is empty space .
David Beckham's 40th birthday is due to take place on Saturday, 2 May . Reports state that he will be staying at five-star luxury Amanjena resort . Name translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by remote, private surroundings . Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner will attend .
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below . A staff of certified guides and guards will be employed and security cameras installed . If groups of 100 are dispatched every ten minutes, the site would receive around 6,000 visitors per day . Plans have also been agreed for an exit ramp, as well as onsite toilets .
Fight broke out on flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat Airport . As plane was not full, one man decided to move seats as argument escalated . One man threw punches at the other, and also took of his shoe to use as a weapon . Flight crew were alerted and managed to calm the man down .
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament . Figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal — on a par with the Wimbledon singles champions — will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30 .
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced . His position has looked untenable since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England . Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia, having turned down their first approach .
England reached 341 for five at the close of play on day one in Antigua . Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 when he was bowled by Gary Ballance . Ian Bell and Ian Bell put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket . Bell and Root lifted England's run rate and got them out of a hole . The problem is that they are very one-paced and not a problem .
Daniel Levy reportedly told Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust that future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players, priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale . Tottenham helped solve problems at Manchester United by trading top performers such as Michael Carrick and Dimitar Berbatov .
USA Freedom Act would allow the agency to request certain records held by phone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations . The authority to collect those records will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it . Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell sponsors his own bill to extend the PATRIOT Act – unchanged – until 2020 .
Joe Herbert explains that testosterone is at the heart of human life . He argues that it has only one basic function — to enable a male to reproduce . testosterone begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the characteristics of the male body .
Mark Vanhoenacker learned to fly in Britain, tempted by our ‘historic relationship with aviation’ He moved on to Boeing 747s, and they are his great love . He admires aeroplanes like a sculptor might a perfect human torso .
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance Vincent Viafore, 46, a day after his kayak capsized . Viofore was kayaking with her husband on April 19 when his boat capsized and he was found in Cornwall-On-Hudson, New York . She called 911 telling a dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater . The complaint states that rough waters combined with strong winds caused the kayak to overturn and she was unable
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp teamed up to perform a rendition of Rapper's Delight for Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own . The pair appeared in a spoof sketch of Britain's Got Sporting Talent . Barnes played together at Liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997 .
Audi R8 V10 played the part of tennis net in head-to-head challenge . Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake paired up to take on Loic Remy and Willian . 17-goal man Hazard and his youngster come up trumps the decider .
LA Galaxy striker Robbie Keane has been sidelined with a groin injury . A video of the 34-year-old's car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the Culture Club's Facebook page . The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday with the striker choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old .
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn have come face-to-face in Tipico's latest advert where they renew their rivalry . The pair have so many 'cards' to play, they're still playing them 50 years later, the 45-year-old said after wearing a mask to make him look 50 years older .
Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours . At least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations across network . More than 1,200 people were evacuated from East Grinstead to Victoria station . Firefighters used a ladder to help passengers get to safety at stations in South London .
Anderson Silva says he will compete for spot in Brazilian taekwondo team . The 40-year-old Brazilian is an ambassador and a black belt in the sport . He tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test .
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by American Lauren Davis in the second round at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston on Wednesday . Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match to pull off the upset . The 21-year-old had lost three of her last five matches to lower-ranked opponents .
This got FEMAIL thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults and how many haven't . Ryan Gosling and Justin Timberlake are on every hot list - and there's a reason why they're not on .
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT) However, when it does, Messenger will be behind Mercury and hidden from Earth .
The risk is particularly high in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem, Dr Mark Urban from the University of Connecticut says . But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16%, the study warns . Dr Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions, which are published in the journal, Science .
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest update, which also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button . But when people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, no posts appear . Emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity . Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly .
Fossils from an extinct sperm whale that died 7 million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . The bones, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution . Although why this is so remains a mystery, there is limited evidence of the pygmy and dwarf whales capable of navigating the ocean deep underwater .
Spooky experiment conjured up a ghostly presence in the laboratory . Scientists used a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers . The experiment confirms that an altered perception of their own bodies is just a trick of the brain, said Professor Olaf Blanke .
Jimmy Anderson has edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests . The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week . Anderson has had to be tough to get this far and remembers very well the bad times .
Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday . But a 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the silverware on the pitch . Tony McCoy received what is sure to be the first of a host of awards to mark his retirement as the greatest ever jump jockey .
Bath produced ferocious bonus point victory over Newcastle at Kingston Park . Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six . Bath went for it from the start and were rewarded with three first-half tries . Rory Clegg's fourth-minute penalty gave Newcastle the lead . Semesa Rokoduguni scored a try for Bath .
Sam Burgess has spent most of his union career at inside or outside centre . The 26-year-old arrived from the South Sydney Rabbitohs in 2013 . Rugby league star was called into Stuart Lancaster's RBS 6 Nations squad . South Africa flanker Francois Louw leads the side as regular skipper Stuart Hooper has calf injury .
Bath fly half George Ford scored a superb solo-try against Leinster . The West Country outfit were the only score in the first-half . But Ford's side came within a whisker of finding a way into the last four . Bath head coach Mike Ford said they are 'a lot better than the first'
Pupils from school were due to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of RE trip . But 10 pupils have pulled out of trip over 'safety' fears and 'grave concerns' One mother says she 'doesn't want her son at risk of being shot'
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year, superintendent says . Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian either . 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott who complained to the school .
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said rape was 'made up' by Europeans . His remarks have horrified many in Malaysia and beyond . An estimated 3,000 women a year are raped in the mainly Muslim country .
How old do I look? Allows users to analyse any image found on Microsoft's search engine or upload their own . The site correctly guessed Kim Kardashian's age as 34, but thought Kanye West was 38 . It revealed the site today at its developers conference in San Francisco .
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her she had 'died' But three months later she said she hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled, and even her driver's license, which she was meant to renew, has not been reinstated . Now her benefits and her job as a licensed pharmacy technician could be in 'out of a job' if the problem's not fixed, she said .
Laura Robson uploaded a picture on Instagram of her at a Florida music festival . The 21-year-old has been recovering from a 16-month absence . Robson is now said to be nearing a return at the French Open in May .
Idea borrowed from 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates . Each day a new video is shown to residents and reminds them of him . Hebrew Home said the film was 'fluff' but said it inspired her to think .
James Corden and Odell Beckham Jnr were pictured together in America . David Beckham is currently filming Late Late Late in the States . Corden asked his 16-year-old son Brooklyn's first foray into the world of dating .
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Sa Filipino . Earnest work is dedicated to Filipinos and footage after Typhoon Haiyan . US talk show host Jimmel thanked Pacquio for his rendition of the song .
Frank Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July . The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances on loan this season . Midfielder has signed a two-year deal with the MLS side . New York are currently without their marquee signing .
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator . Jackson faces Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night . The former light-heavyweight champion admits he has already been through the wringer to make UFC comeback .
The original Hubble Space Telescope image of the famous image was taken two decades ago and immediately became one of its most famous and evocative pictures . The new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star .
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas . The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing . It was unmanned, but the company hopes to soon take customers into space . Cost of a ticket has not yet been announced, but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 - similar to flight on Richard Branson’s spacecraft .
Greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines a person’s state of intoxication with 90% accuracy . The researchers took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine . They then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images . While the alcohol got some volunteers more tipsy than others, they all had a blood alcohol content of at least 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood .
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua . The 28-year-old has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in last 14 Tests . Broad has been under pressure for his place in the side questioned . He is a clever bowler as he did before lunch on day three and still produces with the ball .
Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has slammed six players who pulled out at late notice ahead of Charlton match . Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London . The Valley side lost 2-1 to the Blues at The Valley on Saturday .
Leeds striker admits he is surprised by the chaos surrounding the SkyBet Championship side . Six players - Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani - withdrew from the squad on eve of Saturday's trip to Charlton citing injuries . Former captain Trevor Cherry called for players to be 'team around me'
Christina O'Gorman posed for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn, back in 1913 . The 102-year-old photographs were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42 . They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving photographs, held at the National Media Museum .
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . Australians Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad . Anti-death penalty protesters began playing 'Hallelujah' just prior to news of the deaths at Cilacap port .
Six Leeds players withdraw from the squad to face Charlton on Saturday . Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London .
Hull sent scout John Rudge to check on Alex Mowatt during Monday's 4-3 defeat by Wolves . The 20-year-old has impressed this season and has drawn admiring glances from several Premier League clubs . Steve Bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad .
The Bradford City fire killed 56 supporters and injured 265 on May 11, 1985 . Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes . He was 12 when he became determined to challenge the accepted theories which were founded upon a flawed one .
Nadir Ciftci briefly levelled the scores at Dens Park when he slotted home a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead . The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain, but his actions came back to haunt him . United earned all three points thanks to goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, spoke to a young man about his foul language on a plane after their flight had landed on Sunday . That is when the young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurstort in the stomach . He calmly proceeded to grab him by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived . The young man was then charged with assault and public intoxication .
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China . It follows widespread public anger at Indonesia's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan . Sydney man Peter Gardner was reportedly arrested in Guangzhou alone in 2014 . Jockey Anthony Roger Bannister was charged with allegedly attempting to smuggle 3kg of meth to Australia . Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested
Mohammed Mohsen has captured the intense footage of a sandstorm sweeping its way across the entire Arab state . Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close .
Joanna Lumley told her to ‘do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn French . The film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France, or in the Bahamas if the budget allows .
Just 32 per cent of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves . More than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of food poisoning .
Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, began exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015 she gained a six-pack . Her exercise routine includes squats, bench presses, crunches, curls, and planks .
Protein World posters featuring a bikini-clad model are being removed from the London Underground . A change.org petition calling for the posters to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures . Hundreds of people are expected to attend Protein World rally in Hyde Park on May 2 .
FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines . The deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the FA board on Thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year . Renaming it the Emirates FA Cup is a lot closer to title sponsorship than the previous ‘in association with Budweiser’ agreement, which was worth £9m annually .
Three-year deal would see football's oldest knockout competition rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup . Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 . The Emirates Cup is broadcast by BT Sport in the UK as well as in a number of countries across the globe .
Michael Bisping is eyeing a homecoming ahead of his fight against CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night . The Manchester middleweight is looking to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . He is open to fighting again in Glasgow, five years since he last fought in the UK .
Andrei Arshavin is set to be released by Russian league leaders Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season . The former Arsenal forward is in his third spell with Zenit . Veteran Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk is also set to leave the club . Zenit sit eight points clear of Krasnodar at the top of the Russian Premier League .
Chelsea have made an offer for Japan international Yoshinori Muto according to FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane . Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare in a J-League clash last week . The Blues would loan the forward to Vitesse Arnhem next season .
Talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill . But Quigg’s promoter, Eddie Hearn, offered the biggest cheque of his career to date . The proposal was made live on television with Frampton’s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms .
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should be dropped against West Indies . The pair should play all three Tests before any sort of decision is made . England's new opening pair have very different issues . Trott will have played mind games with himself ahead of this game .
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an England call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR on Tuesday night . Wayne Rooney is poised to overtake Sir Bobby Charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in England’s history . Remember when Grant Holt was thought to have been ignored by Hodgson in 2012?
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told inquest a friend found his body on March 23 . He said that paramedics and police were called but attempts at resuscitation failed . Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting depression and was determined to find a cure . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
The Britain's Got Talent judge, 44, has revealed that she has fought through dark times to get here . In her new interview, Holden admits that her traumatic childbirth experiences have inspired her to live life to the full . The mother-of-two talks about how therapy saved her after losing one child and nearly died after having another .
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property . Items missing include four deck chairs from Crate & Barrel, a Weber grill, two side tables from Ethan Allen, two framed posters, various pots, pans, and linens .
Khloe Kardashian responded to the wave of criticism with a message that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do. So now it's wrong to pray? What is wrong with some of you guys? Let me pray for YOU' Just 30 minutes after the initial post on Instagram and Twitter, the photo was deleted . Protests about Freddie Gray's death have now spread to six American cities .
The 55-year-old is refusing to go down 'without a fight', says source . Internal inquiry found Williams's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times, it has been reported . He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq .
Angel Di Maria has endured mixed start to Manchester United career . 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford as a result . Di Maria's latest piece of body art - the number seven - is on his left arm .
Dulwich picture gallery began discussing idea of introducing fake painting to its collection . When it began discussing the idea, no-one could have imagined it would have led to quadruple of visitor numbers . But it has now revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly . Idea for the exhibition, called Made in China, came from American artist Doug Fishbone .
Alistair Brownlee won on his return to action in Cape Town . The 27-year-old beat rival Javier Gomez with Vincent Luis in third . Brownless warned his rivals he can only improve from this point . Great Britain's Vicky Holland won the women's race on Saturday .
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters after four-stroke victory at Augusta . The 21-year-old stormed to a final round of 70 but failed at the final hole . He became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters .
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies on Friday night . The former England wicket-taker is the leading wicket-takers in Test history . Anderson was always larger than life and had huge self-belief as a player . He shuns the limelight - so unlike the angry youth we so often see .
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for the manager of the year . Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Saturday . Van Gaal's side are currently third in the Premier League table . The Red Devils have failed to hit the heights they achieved previously .
Manchester City supporters haven't fully bought into idea that City could be one of the giants of Europe . Celebrity fan Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back', while Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans . Manuel Pellegrini's calm was needed after the Roberto Mancini reign ended with a fractured dressing room, and an FA Cup final defeat at the hands of Wigan Athletic . City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag fans into the modern game . They
Jamie Vardy scored Leicester City's late winner at The Hawthorns . Striker was being criticised two years ago for being useless . Eden Hazard was brilliant but no. Mesut Ozil? Haha, dream on. Michael Carrick? No. Not even close .
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute . Curtis Weston doubled his tally in the second-half to secure the win . Martin Allen's side returned to the Football League on Saturday following a two-year absence . Gateshead played their part in the script to perfection, and were continually on the back foot .
Conference champions Gateshead beat Bristol Rovers 7-0 . Mauro Vilhete scored a brace as Barnet secured promotion . Manager Martin Allen is currently in his fourth spell in charge . Barnet will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon .
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight next weekend . The rapper originally suggests a $100,000 wager, before being raised by Wahlberg as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool . Mayweather is expected to fight Freddie Roach in Las Vegas on Saturday .
The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit until the end of 2018-19 season . Hulk has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian club in all competitions at present .
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night . The American managed to dominate the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in UFC history . Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first bout since 2011 .
Dimitar Berbatov and Co were put through their paces ahead of Wednesday's clash at Stade Louis II . Bulgarian striker Arturo Vidal penalty ensured that Juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage . Monaco were aggrieved at the result after complaining at the award of a spot kick by Ricardo Carvalho .
England face Slovenia in the finals of the World Cup in Canada in June . Manchester City striker Toni Duggan is hoping to improve her side's form . England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances .
Mauricio Pochettino admits his scouts are already finalising targets . Tottenham have watched Andriy Yarmolenko in recent weeks . Ukrainian forward is entering the final year of his contract . Paris St-Germain are also watching the 25-year-old . Everton winger Kevin Mirallas is also on the White Hart Lane radar .
Paris Saint-Germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for Dinamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko . The Ukraine winger tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month and has been watched by Liverpool in recent seasons . Manchester United have refused to budge on Manchester United's Paul Pogba .
Tottenham have been linked with a move for Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko . Spurs are sixth in the Barclays Premier League, which would bring European qualification . But Eriksen says the lure of Europa League football was important in his decision to join Spurs back in 2013 .
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch . The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 — when he was playing well — with a near perfect stance . His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump. It means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump, and doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .
There have been enough sightings of the old Tiger at Augusta this week not to give up on him yet . The problem with new Tiger is that as desperate as he appears to march on, obstacles line his path, like tree roots . Woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm, right there, but he reset it .
Tottenham have held talks with Marseille over deal for midfielder Florian Thauvin . The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz . Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac .
Manchester United fear Daniel Levy will play hardball if they decided to pursue their interest in Hugo Lloris . Spurs plan to slap a £35million price tag on the Frenchman to ward of potential suitors . United are considering a move for David de Gea, while Paris Saint-Germain are also interested . The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6million Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001 .
Scientists say organic milk contains third less iodine than normal milk . UHT longlife milk also found to have similarly low levels of mineral . Organic milk is often drunk for its supposed health benefits . Claims that it contains omega-3 fatty acids that are good for the heart .
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, was moderating a town hall session on Thursday when he answered a question about writer's block . Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long' 'No. Let's move it along, I got you,' he said as the audience laughed .
Four-year-old Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday . The whole plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers pretend that the overhead lights were candles for Mazzy to blow out .
A 15-month-old girl has mastered a brilliant impression of her pregnant mother . Captured in a 15-second clip, the youngster emulates the actions of her parents . The mother of two writes about her children on her blog and has documented everything from their birth stories to their everyday things .
Driver was filmed as he sang along to a radio broadcast in Boston, America . He continued to sing along to the song both in tune and word perfectly . Passengers are amazed as they film driver who sings along to both words . Luciano Pavarotti was one of the commercially successful tenors of all time .
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in India . To try and protect fellow villagers the fearless ward ran towards the leopard . He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated . After a few seconds the leopard ran off, dumping the ward to the ground .
Baron entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat . He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . Viewers' reactions of the video mostly included that Baron did the job better than most men .
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, films his unsuspecting friend in a van . Capturing the video from his camera phone, the prankster moved the magnifying glass . A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles as the man films . Video has been viewed over one million times on YouTube .
Bailey Murrill, of Denton, Texas, had been paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital when her favorite nurse came on shift . The young nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as other staff looked on in the corridor . She had lost all feeling from the waist down and took 11 days to recover .
The clip was created by the Make it Fair Project to promote gender equality . It presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential Hollywood .
Six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother by touch . Children can be seen waiting anxiously to see if their child would recognise them . Created to understand the special bond between mother and child . Video has been viewed 2.8 million times .
Video claims to show clawed creature biting through steel cage in China's Sand Bay . Appears to show rare bear with visibly bleeding mouth and metal wire apart . The video has fuelled heated debates around the species of the beast . Some users say it depicts a mythical 'water monster' from Chinese folklore .
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as 'slide trikes' The video opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill, famed for its 35 per cent gradient . The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom .
Shibu Inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky . The two puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one makes a high-pitched whining sound . A staff member from the American Kennel Club centre attempts to address and pacify the puppy by giving it a rub .
College runner Tanguy Pepiot had a clear lead on Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Washington . A crowd of more than 3,000 watched Saturday's triumph in Eugene, Oregon . Simon headed back to help his rival after he collapsed to the ground in defeat .
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases .
The video was captured at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province . Placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights . Three men assist the woman before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show .
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch . Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen . He then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner .
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California . Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher . He then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
The man is decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick . Recording himself from behind, a skier can be seen just in front of him . The empty chairlift appears out of nowhere and clatters the snowboarder .
Saskia, 17, posted excerpts of the exam on Monday with the message 'Boyfriend made me take an Arsenal exam' The stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent . The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers .
Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new watch . The 26-year-old compared it to former TV character Michael Knight . Ozil is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side on Sunday .
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is wanted by police over hit-and-run accident . He is facing a misdemeanour hit and run charge related to pregnant woman . Pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' Police investigating crash found marijuana and pipe to smoke in fighter's car . Jones tested positive for cocaine metabolite ahead of his fight against Daniel Cormier .
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in their UFC 186 fight . The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing . He completed a takedown after being floored in the first round by a left hook . Bisping got the decision after finishing the stronger of the pair .
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United worth in the region of £80,000-a-week . The England centre-back had been linked with a move to Arsenal . 25-year-old had been branded 'stupid' by manager Louis van Gaal for his sending-off in the Manchester derby at the Etihad earlier this season .
Pele and Beckenbauer were reunited light up the Empire State Building in New York Cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season . The pair played together in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt in the following years . Pele, now 74, also had his say as the pair flicked the switch on the lights .
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire, starting next month . New Zealander has been called up to replace Martin Guptill for Test series against England .
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach . The 48-year-old has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 .
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II . They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to . This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working .
North Dakota Republican Randy Boehning, 52, was outed on Monday for using gay hook-up app Grindr . Smith, a gay man who's represented Fargo since 2002, took his story and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old man . While admitting he's gay, the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays . 'That's what gay guys do on
Jia Jiang was born into a family of teachers, but determined to become an entrepreneur . He decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest . Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected, put them up on his blog .
Mo Farah will race in Birmingham in the first time he's competed in 1,500m . Double Olympic champion over 5,000m and 10,000m will step down in distance for Diamond League event on June 7 . Race will be the 32-year-old's first race over 1500m since breaking European record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in Monaco two years ago .
Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad in the 2015-16 Premier League season . Petr Cech is set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois . Arsenal have a keen interest in the 23-year-old German Under 21 international .
Sarah Weatherill, 31, became lethargic, depressed, had heart palpitations and was constantly anxious as her £105-a-week habit spiralled out of control . She needed to cut down to eight cans a day in the run up to the hypnosis . Her 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day . The law student spent £5,460 every year on Red Bull since becoming hooked .
Local journalist Anna Erickson photographs RVs in and out of a capsule home in Seattle's SoDo . Around 30 drivers - many of them working in the nearby factories - flock to the area as the rabble flocks back to their beds . On the outside, it is a Pandora's Box inside, where they collect trinkets and beer cans he was saving to turn in .
Suge Knight and his lawyer were jovial in court on Thursday . Boxer Floyd Mayweather is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on Saturday . The 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in January . He collapsing in court multiple times and complained of stomach problems .
Suge Knight was arrested for killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan in a confrontation in January . The 49-year-old was seen with only a slight black eye after the incident . Knight has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run . Judge Ronald Coen ruled that there was enough evidence to stand trial .
Wolves defeated Wigan 1-0 in their Championship clash at the DW Stadium . Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in the first half . James McClean was sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time .
Jimmy Abdou headed Wigan into the deadlock with 15 minutes to go . Martyn Waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at Dan Harding . Magaye Gueye scored Wigan's second goal with a close-range finish . Gary Caldwell's side remain rooted to the bottom of the Championship .
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, 9 . She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006 . Now she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand .
Cui Hongfang, 73, died after she was knocked over at the Great Wall of China . The woman, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, struck her head . Police interviewed the tourist, who ruled the death an accident . Pair have agreed on a compensation amount of 600,000 yuan (approximately £63,000 or USD$96,000)
The new 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration . It takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1. GOOD with the interior of a manual version of the Audi soft-top .
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a hit-and-run accident that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab 'a large handful of cash' Police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday . According to the warrant, the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a rented SUV . She told police after the accident 'I am pregnant and I feel like I am going to pass out. My arm is hurting all the way up'
Michael Essien had a £75,000 Range Rover Vogue stolen from his Surrey home . The 32-year-old still owns the property he bought during his time at AC Milan . Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour .
AP McCoy will race at Sandown Park on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . He has won 4,357 memories, including five Kentucky Derbys . Eddie Arcaro was known as The Master in American racing, comparable in his field to baseball legend Joe DiMaggio and golf's Jack Nicklaus .
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid . The 26-year-old has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford . Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said they would take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season . But on Thursday April 30, they will no longer have first option to buy the striker . United will field offers of around £10million from West Ham, Southampton and Lazio .
Javier Hernandez has scored four goals in four for Real Madrid . Striker is on a season-long loan from Manchester United . Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over .
Michael Juskin, 100, allegedly killed his wife Rosalia, 88, with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on Sunday night . Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home on Monday morning . A relative discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police .
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid in Houston . Josh Medrano, 6, and his mother Cynthia were killed in separate DUI crashes in the hours leading to the death of a homeless man . The homeless man was mowed down in Houston at 5.15pm Sunday but his body was not found until Monday afternoon . 61-year-old vagrant Leonard Batiste, 61, was struck and killed by a car carrying a woman and a toddler .
Dillwyn Knox, a Naval cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker, bought the property in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . His funeral was attended by many from Bletchley Park, and a memorial stone to Knox can be found bordering the property . The two long-term residents are in Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean .
Former 2Day FM co-host has written an open letter to the media after weeks of being hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the new royal baby . Mel Greig has asked why the media continue to seek fresh angles after seeing the consequences of her mistake . The Duchess of Cambridge is believed to be overdue by five days as she had been due to give birth last Thursday .
Hilary Mantel's PHD codpieces were said to be too small and should have been double the size . This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation . It is said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows U.S. audience . Damian Lewis, who played Henry VIII, admitted that they were a source of some 'giggling'
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring . The 51-year-old, dubbed the ‘Dark Destroyer’, looked as sharp as ever . Benn joined in a pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym .
Defender joined Fiorentina on loan from Manchester City this summer . Richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move . The 26-year-old is almost certain that he wants to return to the Premier League .
West Ham striker Andy Carroll is recovering from knee surgery in Dubai . The 26-year-old is currently in Dubai with his partner Billi Mucklow . Carroll is not reliant on cructhes and is now working hard in the gym .
Nicholas Tooth, 25, collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a match on Saturday . He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday . Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth is felt by the entire Australian Rugby community . 'We send our thoughts and sincere condolences to Nick's family, friends, team-mates and members of the Quirindi Rugby and broader community,' Mr Pulver added .
Lioness single-handedly fell over giraffe in Hwange National Park . But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed . Dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp .
Martin Odegaard was pictured with former Brazil international Ronaldo . 16-year-old joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January signing a long-term £40,000 a week contract with Champions League winners in January . Norwegian wonderkid has trained with Carlo Ancelotti's first team regularly since his arrival, rubbing shoulders with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale .
Paige VanZant proved she is more than just hype with victory over Felice Herrig in New Jersey . The 21-year-old never looked troubled over the three rounds . She was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27 in just her second fight .
Paige VanZant and Felice Herrig had to be separated during the traditional staredown . The pair will face each other in the strawweight strawweight clash in New Jersey on Saturday night . At just 21 and with just five professional fights to her name, the Welshman has enjoyed a spectacular rise since her first bout in 2012 .
Chelsea were beaten 1-0 by Manchester United at Stamford Bridge . Blues need a win to go top of the Premier League with just two games to go . Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession .
Scotland's top club, Celtic, wrote to the SFA crying about a penalty they weren't awarded against Inverness . David Raven stabbed home the winner in the semi-final against Celtic . The 30-year-old was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years .
More than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester United will win the title next season . Is there a genuine belief that Louis van Gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top? I love the fact he is a winner, and he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by David Moyes . Obviously Van Gaal cannot win the same number of trophies Sir Alex Ferguson had during his 27 year reign .
Prosecutor in Detroit suggested deadly force should be used against protesters . Teana Walsh said: 'I don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent... no way is this acceptable. Flipping disgusting' At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment . She later changed her mind about the post and deleted it . But not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post .
Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts built into the door and don't stick out, a spokesman told Daily Mail Online . The standard issue vehicle is smooth on the inside of both cage doors, he said . Gray supposedly broke his neck whilst being transported in one of the Baltimore Police vans, which was caught on camera on April 12 . Baltimore Police released a report today stating that there is 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest . Report said that he suffered 'catastrophic' head injuries consistent with
Emergency services had to remove Georgia Davis, 22, from her home in Aberdare . She is 5ft 6in but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food . Her bloated body can take it no more and she has to be taken to hospital . It is the second time in three years emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the naughty formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin . She snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works . 'I was pretty shocked when I saw it. I couldn't believe my eyes - it seems even mother nature has a sense of humour!
A Baltimore police officer was pictured Monday night lobbing rocks right back at protesters in the city . Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray . About 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for Gray's death . Maryland Governor Larry Hogan announced a state of emergency and called the National Guard to come and help local police .
Ads that graced newspapers and magazines in the 20th century were often placed in the nation's newspapers or glossy magazines . With wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them . Mad Men's ad for DAKS trousers has a vision of beige, caramel and brown with a tan, blond moustaches .
The 31-year-old musician was filmed in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi . Volcano's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet but soon cuts to amateur footage . He and a group of armed militants are seen posing for the camera while artillery vehicles fire their weapons . Elsewhere in the video the rapper wears military-style fatigues, although his beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted fighters 
NSW's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $13 million a year . The tenants will pay a bond under a NSW plan to recoup losses from trashed public housing properties . He said it is a 'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future . Tenants are already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
New Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . A jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s . The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ‘afraid’ to say anything .
Pedro Obiang is available for around £6million from Sampdoria . The 23-year-old midfielder started out at Atletico Madrid . He has made 84 appearances for the Serie A club since joining in 2010 .
Peter Costello has fired a damaging salvo at the Abbott government, describing its approach to taxation as a 'morbid joke' The former Liberal treasurer said the government needs to restart the conversation about getting taxes down, not up . The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12 . Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg praised Mr Costello as 'very distinguished'
West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League and it is understandable because of the money that can be made there . Marlon Samuels will remember his duel with Ben Stokes, the way he saw off a newish ball and how he took the attack to England on the first evening . The Test England won in the dark of Karachi was remembered for years because it was the ultimate conclusion to three hard Tests .
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street . The riots broke out following the death of Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police .
The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the Strait of Hormuz . The first incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week, by firing warning shots across the bridge of the Marshall Islands-flagged cargo vessel . Iranian patrol boats 'followed her for approximately 15 to 20 minutes in actions the ship master of the Kensington interpreted as aggressive' just four days later .
Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival Prabowo Subianto that he would support a decision to grant clemency to Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . It's understood the former general penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he'd come out in support of the decision . This comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed
Floyd Mayweather dismissed McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds . The undefeated UFC champion said: 'I don't take that dude seriously. He's just trying to get himself some publicity' Mayweather has under two weeks left to fight Manny Pacquiao .
Tesla founder Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery . Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs and can be installed on an outside or inside wall of a home by the end of summer . It can store electricity at night when electricity rates are cheaper . The 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours . In 2013, the Edison Electric Institute issued a report warning about disruption .
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent . In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole, causing tectonic activity . The Pacific Ocean is narrowing at a few centimetres per year, which will cause America to collide with Eurasia, while Australia is moving towards Asia by 2.8 inches (7cm) a year . Researchers are able to start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago . They found tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era . Traditionally, the study believed that innovation in weapons enabled humans to spread out of Africa to Europe .
James Houlder and girlfriend Vicki Hood saved up for months for sunshine break . But within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . Couple still suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome, a digestive complaint which can leave him in crippling pain .
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week . The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million . Martinez came close to joining AC Milan in January but the club failed to agree a fee .
England Women's Under 19s smashed Northern Ireland 9-1 at Seaview . Manchester City striker Natasha Flint scored first-half hat-trick . England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel .
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on . The England captain left the ball outside off stumps and made the bowlers come to him, but drove when the option arose . Cook is stronger mentally than anyone he will face, so he just has to carry on showing the same thing again .
65-year-old promises summer collection will instantly update wardrobe . Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season . Says she is against Botox and doesn't want Botulism in her body .
Donatella, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for Givenchy . Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, posted a photo of the two on Instagram . 'You made my day unforgettable. Together we break fashion boundaries today!' she continued .
David Haye was stopped by officials at Dubai International Airport . The 34-year-old was accused of fraud by writing a £341,000 bounced cheque . Boxer has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates . He had been due to attend a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham .
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League . He believes that implementing a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue . Ramsey was without a job for seven months after leaving his role at Tottenham last season . The 52-year-old believes that discrimination isn’t exclusive to race .
Former Ole Miss contestant Marshall Henderson jumped on revelations Jarret Stoll was busted in Las Vegas last week . He was accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or 'molly', into MGM Grand . Henderson tweeted: 'Ma save that and you will be the first person ill mock' Stoll will make a cameo in upcoming film version of HBO show Entourage .
Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe . The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield amid fears he could leave the club this summer . Sterling attended the launch of the 2015-16 Liverpool kit on Friday .
A three-metre deep sea oarfish washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand . It was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin . The frightening appearance of the fish means they have been associated with various myths including people mistaking them for sea-serpents . Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection .
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September . Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to seize cheques . Sainsbury's opened its first store in Cairo in 1999, hoping to capitalise on growing Arabic middle class . But the company eventually withdrew from Egypt in 2001, losing £110m .
England batsman Joe Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes tour . Root is as steely as they come, and has not messed with his form either . He showed maturity to bat with the tail, and should not be moved up the batting card .
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains . Was hit by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and a swelling in his leg . He decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow .
Manchester United goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard marries wife Misse Beqiri . Swedish beauty regularly posts pictures while she's modelling at work . The 31-year-old has made just 19 league appearances in his career .
WADA director general David Howman said he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs . Howman responded to Armstrong's first inquiry about a meeting with Armstrong and then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers . Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005 .
Hein Verbruggen has written to all UCI board members saying he has put the 'scandalously biased' report into the hands of lawyers . Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling concluded that the UCI colluded with Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-time Tour de France winner had doped . He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency .
Arsenal drew four of their last seven games against Chelsea . Cesc Fabregas and Willian left pitch with Mesut Ozil's shirt . The German wasn't terrible but he didn't impact the game enough . Ozil needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag .
Rickie Lambert has fallen down the pecking order since joining Liverpool . Brendan Rodgers should ignore the striker, in favour of Mario Balotelli . The England striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season . Lambert has played the equivalent of six-and-a-half games . He has to go down as Liverpool's worst-ever signing .
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday . Louis van Gaal needs some big signings to replace Michael Carrick . United need to raid Borussia Dortmund's midfield pair Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender .
Patrick Vieira is preparing to become a football manager at Manchester City . The midfielder has been with the Welsh Football Association since he retired . He has been taking his coaching badges under technical director Osian Roberts . City's teenagers are in awe of the man, having grown up watching Vieira .
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar . The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury . If the reports prove true, he could join up with Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard in the States or with his former long-term team-mate Xavi . David Villa is now playing for New York City and he is expected to move to Qatar with Al-Sadd .
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in summer advert for men's clothing brand, Jacamo . Former cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37, has been face of the brand for four years . TV ad sees professional cricketer enjoying an energetic game on a basketball court .
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece . They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera . The sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention, while avoiding obstacles . Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed a terrifying glimpse of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist .
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch . Orbital parameters were due to be sent from a Russian Ground Site . But, once Progress had arrived on orbit, only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made . Footage, taken from the Progress 59 spacecraft, shows the Earth and sun moving in and out of the frame .
Raw foodie Taline Gabrielian has recreated the entire range of chocolate bars . The 33-year-old publishes Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe . She attributes her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites . Her app is consistently sitting in the top three of 'most popular food and drink' apps on iTunes .
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device . Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras . It was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya and Marius Knaust . They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a
Card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis from Illinois . They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year . Based on belief that average user unlocks their phone 150 times a day . Device is the same height and length as an ordinary credit card . However, it's three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery, which lasts for 18 months . Chip maker Qualcomm has unveiled its Sense ID 3D fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology .
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday . The Rock 'n' Soul Museum said on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours . Flamboyant glasses and outfits have been part of Elton John's signature look .
Korean-born SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') is launching a new sports utility vehicle from £13,000 to £19,000 . The Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions . It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 .
Protein World poster of a genetically-blessed model posted online . Has been branded 'body-shaming' by feminists and body image campaigners . Now internet pranksters have recreated the ad with curvy alternatives .
Fabio Lavato proposed to Laura Knight in their local Cineworld, Gloucester . One minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple . Then got down on one knee in the cinema and popped the question . Italian-born Fabio has lived with Laura since last year .
When threatened, the diminutive bug repeatedly fires streams of foul-smelling liquid . It can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker . This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona .
Kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens, she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk . She later went into labor and Kit was left in change . The four puppies were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon .
Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence . Carl Froch is still keen to fight in Las Vegas before he retires . The WBA super-middleweight champion is set to take on Andrzej Fonfara .
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19 . After spending five hours 11 minutes searching for the car he was unable to remember where he had parked it . He spent 40 minutes driving through the city surrounding Manchester United's Old Trafford ground before asking for help . But he eventually gave up and got a train back to his home in the Midlands nine days later . A Good Samaritan found Mr Matthews's car in an office car park
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching the spectator’s barriers at the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf by his girlfriend’s father Mark Harris . The 23-year-old carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing . After sealing the deal with a kiss and a cuddle, Jordan joined the pack of runners and carries on with the race .
Paul Smith has landed a shot at the unbeaten Californian Andre Ward . The fight will not be for Smith's WBA super-middleweight world title . Smith has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez in November 2013 .
Jack Grealish is caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon . The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake . He starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday .
England defeated West Indies by two runs in the second Test at Lord's . Alastair Cook's performance was one of the greatest I've seen from an England cricketer . Cook did everything right as a bowler, catcher and fielder in his career . England must be doing something right behind the scenes if one of their players can produce something like that almost out of nothing .
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and was the home of the University of Ohio's football team, Zips . The university purchased the title to the Rubber Bowl for $1 in 1971 . It hosted 310 UA football contests, 19 preseason Cleveland Browns' games and a regular-season NFL game in 1952 . There were originally hopes the stadium could hold events like Easter sunrise services, pageants, light operas, musicals, track meets, bicycle races, softball tournaments and more .
Police searched An Noor community centre in west London last night . Businessman Leslie Cooper appeared in court charged with murdering Abdul Hadi Arwani . Another man was arrested over his death at Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61 . Officers also searched the home of Mr Mitchell, who is a director at community centre where Mr Arwanis used to preach .
Father of Lacey McCarty, seven, six-year-old Phillip and five-month-old Christopher Swist has spoken out about the tragic deaths of the three children he loved so much . The alleged killings occurred in Palm Bay, Florida, on March 20 . McCartney was arrested and faces three counts of first-degree murder . Swist said he had a great bond with the children and that he has created a non-profit organization called 3 Angels Ball For All .
Hector Morejon, 19, was shot dead by a Long Beach, California, police officer on Thursday while in a vacant apartment . The officer allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . His mother Lucia Morejon has revealed the last words her son spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance .
The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta . The two officers saw Christian sitting inside the car in a parking deck . She fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her . Witnesses said she saw an officer fire his weapon but could not see who it was aimed at .
Australian PM Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer . The Prime Minister was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous . It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted 'skol' and 'Tony'
Tarantula owner Kayonna Cole held her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin . Kayonna remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom .
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa . When the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . He eventually fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
The youngster named Jazmine approaches its mother Rozie in Albuquerque . With its front left leg placed on its mother’s neck, the young elephant clambers onto her . The elephant steadys itself, lunges forward with its back legs dangling from the floor .
Freddie Gray's injuries consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', according to sources . It is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck, during his arrest . A private security camera picked up the mysterious detail, and will be integral to the police investigation into his death . Gray was taken to the hospital on Thursday morning .
Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes tried to take the soft toy off Roger but was met with hostility . 'Roger received the bunny from a fan. I thought Roger would probably like to play with it,' Mr Barnes said . Roger was rescued in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway .
AP McCoy won his last ever race at Sandown on Box Office on Saturday . The former jockey will not be heading to Las Vegas to watch Mayweather and Pacquiao . There will be two days as a spectator for him at the Punchestown Festival . 'I am going to miss what I do. . what I did,' he admitted .
Defender discusses his family's visits to Portland, Orlando and the upcoming clash against Orlando City's Kaka . Ridgewell beat Dallas 3-1 for his first victory of the season, his children Luca and Eva were visiting with him every day . The 30-year-old's new MLS season is well under way in the States .
Tony McCoy has won nearly every race in the calendar but his greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden . He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks, with a staggering 1,040 weeks at the top . This year's winner is arguably the greatest jockey of all time .
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker . The plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud . It is a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover and is also available in a compact van format .
Stella Maxwell, 24, is one of ten new Angels to the lingerie giant's roster . She is Irish but splits her time between New York and Los Angeles . Stella was born in Belgium to parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell . Family relocated to Canberra, Australia, thanks to her father's job .
The custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications . It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen, with a lounge and 'state room' at the back of the plane .
The fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . At first attempts to walk away, before arching its back and trying with all its might to pull itself free . But nothing seems to work and as it slumps, looking sorry for itself, all appears to have been lost .
Five-year-old Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years' She tells her mother: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!' Her mother laughs at her daughter and asks her why she has to move out .
Incident took place at Henry Doorley Zoo in Omaha, Nebraska . Little girl was beaten by a gorilla and runs towards the glass . Family fled to safety in the meantime after video was uploaded to YouTube .
Arnold Palmer became the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta National to win the Masters . Sandy Lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway . Phil Mickelson was left with a gap of just a few feet through which to thread his ball .
Mark O'Meara won the Masters at the age of 41 . The Spaniard shot two birdies in three holes on Sunday . Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of the biggest shock of all .
Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel . The Briton's form extends his lead in the Formula One world championship to 27 points over his Mercedes team-mate . Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen finished second, while Valtteri Bottas finished third .
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix 68-28 . He is now 13 points clear of Mercedes team-mate Hamilton in the drivers' championship . Rosberg was second and Sebastian Vettel third, but Hamilton feared he might be overtaken by Vettel before the second round of pit stops . Hamilton extended his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship with victory .
Shanghai debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke . Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix . The circuit itself hasn't quite delivered many spectacular races, but Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images .
Albert Park's first race of the season is in Malaysia . Shanghai arrived with a bang in Formula One . Ricardo Zonta featured in the 2004 season . Jacques Villeneuve returned to the F1 grid for the Chinese Grand Prix .
Surrey all-rounder Zafar Ansari will make his international debut against Ireland in Malahide on May 8 . The 23-year-old has a double first in politics and sociology . He is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the American south .
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game against Schalke . The former Arsenal flop arrived late for training on Friday and ended up being dropped after failing to turn up .
The club are set to expand the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium next season . Premier League rules state that clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters . Owner Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind the goal to give his players psychological advantage when playing in front of the home crowd .
Manchester United have confirmed their plans to revisit the USA on pre-season this summer after agreeing to Louis van Gaal's desire to head to Asia . The club will play in the International Champions' Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer . United will play against Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG . This time they will play a four-game tour signed off by Van Gaal .
Chelsea will face PSG in a pre-season friendly in North Carolina on July 25 . Blues 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play . Chelsea will also face New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Barcelona six days later in Washington D.C. Fiorentina will also be hosting Manchester United at Stamford Bridge .
Raheem Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool fans that he will remain at the club this summer after unveiling the new kit on Friday . New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers . Liverpool are adamant that the 20-year-old, who has two years left to run on his contract, will not quit this summer .
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to use their new kit for 2015-16 . New adidas strip from that year has found its place in the Premier League's greatest ever games after being involved in a 4-3 win over Newcastle . The home kit ends three seasons of the Reds having their kit manufactured by Warrior . Despite a string of smart home kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre . So Sportsmail picks out its five favourite strips from over the years .
West Ham have announced a new five-year deal with former England kit makers . Umbro will supply the kit for their final season at Upton Park next season . The club last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010 .
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during tour of US . Club's £750m, 10-year deal with adidas runs until the end of July . Sponsors will remain in America until August 1 a week before start of season . Van Gaal has had big input on United's pre-season plans, restricting US tour to 12 days .
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf is to run it under water before baking it in the oven . For a small loaf of bread you need to allow around 6-7 minutes and for a large, or particularly wet one, around 12 to 13 minutes . According to a nutritionist, you should be careful to check that your bread is not mouldy and should be 'watched out for mould'
Most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) Data was gathered using Google Trends using various technical and non-tech terms . It can shed light on where people are knowledgeable about tech terms and how important they think tech is .
Newcastle United fans protested against owner Mike Ashley's running of the club on Saturday afternoon . The supporters' group AshleyOut.com were behind last Sunday's boycott . At least 10,000 supporters stayed away for the club's last home game against Spurs . Ashley has £34million in the bank and fans want a 'Stand Up To Ashley' protest . Newcastle fans want fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's game .
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team . The Jamaican broke his wrist punching a locker after being dismissed last year . Stokes is trying to live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed . He can be feisty and fiery as long as it’s natural but his aggression must be controlled .
Pattie Boyd inspired three of the greatest love songs of all time . The 71-year-old was married to George Harrison and Eric Clapton in 1966 . Met Rod Weston at Chelsea Registry Office on the King's Road in London .
Floyd Mayweather Jr takes on Manny Pacquiao at MGM Grand on Saturday . The undisputed world champion has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew . A poor kid from Grand Rapids, Michigan, has tossed handfuls of $100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool . He will wear the mouthguard he will wear during the fight cost $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill .
Kaka wore a vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool . Midfielder was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes . I can't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency .
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League . Ramsey has been overlooked for countless jobs at QPR . People tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the English game .
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by Liverpool . The 20-year-old has been called avaricious, capricious and disloyal . His character has been traduced and scorned . Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at Anfield on Tuesday night .
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will be charged for admission to a weigh-in at the MGM Grand Garden Arena next Friday . The venue has become an event in its own right when Ricky Hatton went to Las Vegas to take his Man Of La Mancha tilt at the Mayweather windmill in 2007 . There are up to 200,000 fans expected to pour into Vegas this week and the venue need to control the crowds at all the associated events .
Kell Brook faces Frankie Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20 . Khan's father Shah says he would have been disrespectful if only he had toned down his words . 'Eddie will talk reasonably in the negotiating room but as soon as he gets outside he starts with the nonsense,' says Khan Snr .
Mister Money is now putting his money where his mouth is . Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard to suit Manny Pacquiao . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his California hometown on June 20 .
Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top wicket taker . He surprised his new Lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away; he was a natural . Anderson played for Burnley CC, which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers . The retort was that of player development manager John Stanworth who would pass comment on Anderson’s idiosyncrasies .
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba . PSG striker Edinson Cavani is considering his options . Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City's Jesus Navas . Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer . Click here for more transfer news .
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea . The Germany international has not played since August 2013 . Arsenal, Liverpool and Arsenal are all interested in a £18million deal . Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic is keen to join Inter Milan .
Ander Herrera has impressed at Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao . The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old . Xavi, for his part, has options with Qatar's Al Sadd but is discussing staying with Barcelona until their transfer embargo is lifted next January . Stoke and Manchester United scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon . Monaco, Lille, Espanyol, Celta Vigo, Monaco and Lille,
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career . The 34-year-old defender's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season . Arsenal's tempo appeared to drop after the half time break but the whistle came at the perfect time for Arsenal . Olivier Giroud's pace through the middle could have instead caused a lot trouble . Terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game better than ever .
Chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes . Jose Mourinho does exactly what’s necessary - he finds any way to win . Arsenal should dominate possession while Chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of Eden Hazard and Willian .
Jack Grealish caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . He was outstanding against Liverpool but he has not made it yet . Arsene Wenger changed the attitude as professional athletes had a duty to look after our bodies . Alcohol was described as poison — it slows down your body when it needs to be perfectly tuned .
Aston Villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club . Manager Tim Sherwood has invigorated the side's performances . Talking about getting a club ‘back where they belong’ can be dangerous . Villa won the European Cup in 1982 and there’s nothing wrong with being ambitious .
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad . Sportsmail columnist Martin Keown recently met his former team-mate at City's new training ground . Vieira was a captain who would hold team meetings without Arsene Wenger and was never afraid to speak his mind . He is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win .
The current Champions League quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about Spain's 'relevo' The transition from excellent to elderly is never fun . Juan Bernat's arrival to Bayern Munich last week earned Valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the Bayern Munich move to Bavaria .
Carlo Ancelotti's side have lost just one out of every three matches in 2015 . The Italian is now a black smudge on Real's pristine-white history . His team were unable to register a win over Real four times in a season . Atletico have won just one of their last four matches .
Paris Saint-Germain host Marseille at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday . The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind leaders . Marseille’s ultra-eccentric, ‘is he a fraud/is a genius?’ coach, Marcelo Bielsa, has devoured him so long . He took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him to Japan as a coach at the 2002 World Cup . But in fairness, pyrrhic does mean victory —
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence . The Old Trafford defender is now one of the sharpest, bravest analysts they have . Giving Marlon Samuels salute as he leaves the field is amusing . Bayern Munich's Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena . Scotland's biggest club are to blame for the handball controversy .
West Indies' Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite their advancing years . But what is the point of Formula One? HOT . Sportsmail takes a look at every game they're commentating on .
The future of Test cricket could be in line for a change now Colin Graves is the new ECB chief . Kevin Sinfield's late career switch from League to Union is a taxing challenge . Neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport .
Jack Wilshere will discuss whether a move to Manchester City would enhance his career and not just his bank balance . The 23-year-old could bring down the average age of this City squad if they could prise him from the Emirates . Manchester City have snapped up several players from Arsenal in recent times, with varying degrees of success . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
In the English version of Diego Torres’s book, Jose Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo exchanged in the dressing room at Real Madrid, the exchanges start on page 138 and finish five pages later . The alleged exchanges happened before the second leg of the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona, when Ronaldo had expected Los Blancos to be more adventurous . Oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January .
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho faced off in the London derby . The Emirates and Sky Sports team were all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon . Cesc Fabregas was the man in the middle on a couple of levels .
The FA Cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a 'journey' This weekend saw its TV side sidekicks deliver a double header with a new ally to help set the scene . But with Wembley on board for both games, Ian Wright was dead sheepish about it in the BBC’s on-site studio.
Sky Sports commentator co-commentated with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby . Neville said: 'Smalling has scored. It's a mauling for City' Veteran lip mic man also had a zinger to match it for United .
Harry Redknapp was pundit for BT Sport's vs Liverpool at the Emirates . Ian Wright was disgruntled by the notion that he was in 'hostile territory' Humphrey suggested to Harry he needs to sign his contract with Liverpool . The youngster was in fine form for the game as a youngster .
Gareth Bale has stated he wants to stay at Real Madrid . Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City are all interested . Real Madrid are chasing a deal for Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus . The Blues are also interested in Raphael Varane and Javier Hernandez .
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool . The 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current contract . Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not sell Sterling in the close season . But they would have to reconsider their stance if he went down the route .
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Raheem Sterling if they sell him . The other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid . Bale's fee of £75m and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines . Liverpool will not budge from their £100,000-a week contract offer to Sterling . Sterling's advisors believe he is worth about £150,000 in the current market .
Teenager Charley Hull has the same 'wow' factor as world No 1 Rory McIlroy . The 19-year-old wanted to know everything about the revamp planned by the Trump family . Hull plays with both Ailsa Craig and Laura Davies at the Ricoh Women's British Open .
Jordan Spieth is the new Masters champion at Wentworth . The Texan has competed in four tournaments in a row . He is returning to the European Tour's flagship event next month .
Jordan Spieth secured his first ever major title at the Masters at Augusta . The 21-year-old beat Phil Mickelson who cheerfully admitted he had been outplayed by a man who had only competed once before .
Tiger Woods has been out of action since announcing a hiatus from golf . The 38-year-old is making his first public appearance in 60 days . He practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over four days of the tournament .
Lewis Hamilton was disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during the run of eight wins in the last 10 races . Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August . Yet, Mercedes made Rosberg a very public scapegoat, denting his confidence at a crucial moment in the season . When on form, maybe unbeatable, Rosberg is on form now, perhaps more so than ever in his life .
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm PSV's 22nd Eredivisie championship in Holland . But Louis van Gaal's chief scout had been doing his homework long before Depay reached the total which he had held in such high regard . Manchester United are in talks with Liverpool, PSV, Paris Saint-Germain, 'discussions' with PSV and a not-so-secret meeting .
On February 14, 1998, a new kid on the block scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough . The expectation surrounding Owen escalated, and the next day's report said: 'Brazil have Ronaldo. Liverpool, and now England, have Michael Owen.' Harry Kane is dividing opinion on what he will be named on the list . Owen, in 1997-98, scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the Barclays Premier League .
Arsenal finished a season with a string of good results . Chelsea have had the title race firmly under control since before Christmas . Blues must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men .
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is among the frontrunners to win the award . Blues boss John Terry revealed he had chosen Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho as his nomination . Hazard will have to beat off competition from David de Gea and Harry Kane .
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear-Tyne derby . Jamie Carragher has criticised Krul for his performance on Sky Sports . Krul has been one of the few players who have performed consistently for Newcastle in recent seasons .
Bournemouth sealed their Premier League promotion on Monday night . Eddie Howe, 37, is the English Special One, while Callum Wilson is the Different One . His extrovert assistant Jason Tindall provides the instructions and the demands . Matt Ritchie is a contender for my '10 to watch' next season .
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 3-2 in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday . Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch . Foxes' advantage over Leicester could be key to their FA Cup triumph .
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game against Tottenham . Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop him . Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson are set for a midfield battle at Wembley . Raheem Sterling's pace and trickery will cause Villa's defence problems .
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday . Juan Mata, Chris Smalling and Marouane Fellaini have proved their worth . Louis van Gaal doesn't care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance . The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury as he has been instrumental in the United team's revival . CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news .
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend . Arsenal striker Alexis Sanchez scored against Liverpool on Saturday . Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea made the list . Wayne Rooney's goal against Aston Villa made it look effortless . Jermain Defoe scored twice in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday .
Mesut Ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits but when he’s at his best he is worth paying to watch . People have been quick to criticise, but the German star is already the man Chelsea need to seek out when they need something special . Ozil only played for 73 minutes against Liverpool, but made 47 passes in the opposition half, more than any other player .
Arsenal travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday . Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud will miss the trip to face former club . Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace Skrtel . Per Mertesacker is expected to line-up against the visitors . Click here for Arsenal transfer news .
Michael Carrick's England face Italy in a friendly on Tuesday night . The 34-year-old has been unappreciated in England since he came on . Carrick is in the heart of midfield but has been ignored by England .
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . The Barnet manager talks about how important it is for all your troops in the season to follow orders . At every level it’s always important to have all your players going in One Direction . A team spirit will be broken and defending set plays will be vital .
I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next . It also blows away the chance of Froch and Chavez fighting in Las Vegas - a fight Carl wanted . Now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what Carl does next, I hold talks with Gennady Golovkin’s manager and there is also the possibility of Bernard Hopkins . Froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs despite being away from the ring for nearly a
Carl Frampton has been offered £1.5million to fight Scott Quigg on July 18 . Quigg has options but he knows the biggest unification is a unification . Nonito Donaire, the Filipino sensation, and Kiko Martinez are former world champions and both are brilliant fights .
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC . The daring captain became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . He was the first wicketkeeper to skittle England for the umpteenth time in 2005 . During a stint on Channel 9, he had noticed something out in the middle and flicked what we call the lazy switch .
Australia should not pick their best players if they are playing overseas . It leaves England looking old-fashioned and they need to react . Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade . If someone is going to be happier, healthier and a better player overseas, then that proves the argument for me .
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time in a Premiership game for Bath on Friday night . Bath head coach Mike Ford believes the switch from midfield has worked for himself and the team, so he can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season . Burgeless began his union career in the centre but is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny .
England's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus . The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause . Conor O'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems . England hooker Tom Youngs also thinks it could create tension in the international set-up .
Ulster confirmed the audacious signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week . The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17 . Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France – while latter club have already landed Conrad Smith .
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina . Cesc Fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla . Replays proved that there was a slight contact on Casina's knee . Click here for all the latest Chelsea news .
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error . FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier when Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg . The match passed without any errors in law which would provoke another appeal . Referee Marija Kurtes has now been appointed to the second-leg rematch in Bahrain .
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace’s first goal (2) . The speed of the speed of it made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right .
The Premier League season starts now when you're facing relegation . Leicester were bottom on Christmas Day but win at Burnley on Saturday . The other promoted clubs — QPR and Burnley — have shown fantastic spirit .
Tim Sherwood returns to Aston Villa to face Tottenham this weekend . The former Spurs boss is a passionate man but he can't afford to let things get personal . Shereland has revived Christian Benteke in the same way he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season .
Three young English players have caught the eye this season . Arsenal defenders Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent campaigns . Spurs defender Dier has grown in stature as the season has progressed . The Three Lions are by no means the finished article, but their progress is encouraging .
Tony McCoy has retired from the saddle after announcing his intention to retire in February . The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland . But he feels he owes it to his family to go out at the top . 'I told all the lads yesterday to enjoy it because the end comes quickly,' he said .
AP McCoy had one last shot at giving the crowd what they wanted by riding a winner . So one last race of his career, the bet365 Handicap Hurdle, was won by Richard Johnson, 15 times a runner-up to the jockeys’ championship . McCir, 40, is an Arsenal fan and has a huge fan base in Arsenal .
AP McCoy finished third in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle on Box Office . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger congratulates him for 'exceptional' career .
Darlington Nagbe proved Orlando City's biggest threat at Providence Park . Former Real Madrid ace Kaka penatly helped Orlando win their second away game of the season . Orlando ended the game with all 11 men when Kwarasey took down Carlos Rivas .
AP McCoy has ridden Cause of Causes three times before . He chose Shutthefrontdoor, a runner with strong credentials . The 19-time champion jockey is owned by his boss JP McManus .
AP McCoy has become a dominant force in his sport, says colleague Andrew Thornton . Cheltenham Gold Cup winner has two rides at Sandown on Saturday before he retires following a successful career . Thornton: 'He loves to be in 100 per cent control. Whatever his mount does, it is his decision'
Retiring jockey AP McCoy retires from professional racing on Sunday . The 40-year-old has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday . He famously said: 'Feel free to shoot me. I'd rather you shoot me than me give in to the fact that I have to ride again'
Tony McCoy has retired from racing five years after quitting as an apprentice jockey . His mother Claire says seeing 'Anthony' leave leaves her 'heartbroken' The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, 25 years ago to head to the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny .
Gemili says Bolt is not near Bolt's standard at the moment . The young Brit says he gives him great advice on how to enjoy athletics . Gemili is competing in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer .
Becky James has been out injured for a whole year . But she is finally on the verge of a return to regular training . James supports boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign .
RBS reposted £446million loss in the first three months of the year . Bank was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines . Also included an extra £334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market .
Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London . She looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal Conservative wife . The fragrant Tory women fell into a dead faint, unusual from a woman noted for her effortless elegance.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight . Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet . The Gunners have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 .
Dame Sally Davies said to be concerned at the number of rickets . Caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and can cause bone deformities . During war children were given food supplements such as cod liver oil . But this practice stopped in the 1950s and is returning .
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison following last year's disaster . But this was increased to life today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people .
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag . Paulo Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus, and PSG . The Serie A match between Parma and Parma was at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini was spotted watching Dybala on Sunday . PSG, however, are determined to cash in after losing 1-0 against Parma .
Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this year . Midfielder has struggled to maintain a first-team place under Arsene Wenger . Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin has jumped to the defence of team-mate Olivier Giroud following criticism from Thierry Henry . Henry believes Arsenal need a 'top, top quality striker' to win the Premier League . The Gunners drew 0-0 with Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday .
Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's . The Frenchman has scored 18 goals so far this season . Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday .
Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on runway . Emergency services at the scene, with injured passengers being taken to hospital . Three teenagers died after a two-year-long Asiana Airlines crash in 2011 .
Fiorentina qualified for the Europa League semi-finals thanks to Mario Gomez's goal in the 43rd minute . Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive . The Ukrainian outfit were in for a hard task at the Stadio Artemio Franchi last Thursday as they faced Mohamed Salah and Joaquin .
The attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, Bolivia, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . Some of the trails are more than a metre in length indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area . The imprinted rock was once horizontal before being pushed upwards by tectonic activity . In 2009, fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world's largest dinosaur prints, which were made by long-necked sauropods .
Researchers from Cornell University, eBay Research Labs and the University of California, Berkeley, addressed the problem in a new paper . They found that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than those with round numbers, such as $1,000 . Sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than the most lucrative counter offers from sellers .
Arsene Wenger has told Manchester City not to waste their time in trying to sign Jack Wilshere . The Gunners are looking to increase their homegrown quota ahead of next season . Mikel Arteta, Abou Diaby and Mathieu Debuchy are all available for selection .
The strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body . It had long finger-like bones covered in a membrane like a bat's wing . Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur . Theropod group of dinosaurs were mostly carnivorous and included the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus .
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new bathrobe . The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham . He signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January . Morrison is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of next season .
Substitute Yevhen Shakhov earned Dnipro a place in the Europa League semi-finals after breaking Brugge hearts with a late winner . The midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass as the Ukrainian's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium . Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the draw .
Mouse is thrown into the air on roof of a shed in Shepton Mallet, Somerset . snaps show the age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties . Mouse's owner confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter .
Kevin Gameiro saved his blushes with a late equaliser for defending champions Sevilla in the Europa League . Carlos Bacca had put the tie on its head and Hulk's goal up on aggregate from a matter of 40 yards . But Zenit couldn't hold on for extra time as the holders surrender a two-goal lead in the tie .
Jihadist group Jaysh Al-Islam releases video showing off 1,700 troops, fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers in impressive parade . The Army of Islam opposes the Syrian regime and is reportedly being funded by Saudi Arabia . Group operates in embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is 'funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia'
Up to 50 Baltimore social media accounts active on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence . Firm described the discovery of so many of the same accounts in the two cities as 'surprising' Not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous .
Henley and Partners have created a Visa Restrictions Index . Results were based on country ability to travel visa-free . Finland, Germany, Sweden, UK and US took the lowest spots . Iraq, Pakistan, Pakistan and Somalia were also able to visit 32 countries .
Former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, opened the show with real life fitness influencers . The 'models' showcased colourful creations with ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance .
Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning . Some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling .
Charlie Bothuell, now 13, was found in the basement of his family's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search . On Tuesday, he testified against his father and stepmother in court, saying his home was a 'very terrible' place where he was beaten with a plastic pipe . He tried suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture, saying: 'I was expected to do everything perfectly. I was never given any leeway, to make a mistake and learn from it' Police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster also found
Serena Williams battled back to beat Italian Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday . The U.S. leads the best-of-five series 2-1 with a final score of 70-7 . Williams committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th seed . Next up, Brindisi-born Flavia Pennetta was facing 65th-ranked Christina McHale .
A house owner in Hallett Cove, South Australia, squashed a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor . Hundreds of babies came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the ground . The man was heard saying: 'Ahhhhh, kill it!!' After mating, the female spider produces a silk mat into which she deposits around 100 eggs .
Serena Williams won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of Carla Suarez Navarro . World No 1 won her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 . Williams dedicated the title to her father, who is not here, he's not here .
The confused bird was spotted swimming in the Grand Union Canal . It was apparently suffering a navigation malfunction and falling for the Atlantic . The bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket by a canal boat resident . He is now being nursed back to full health at a specialist centre in Dorset .
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . Details of the doctors' brutal murders in the northern Iraqi desert were reported by the country's Al-Sumaria satellite television network . Comes as ISIS militants reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province . Members of Al-Karableh, Albu Ubaid and Albu Salman tribes were brutally executed . U.S. Defense Secretary Ash
A newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can at Muskingum University last Wednesday . The child's mother is a student at the school, authorities said, but they have refused to release her name . Jennifer Bryant, then 22, was arrested in 2002 on involuntary manslaughter and other charges in 2002 after she gave birth to a baby boy in her campus apartment and then put him in the trash . He later died . It is the second time an abandoned baby has died at the university campus in eastern Ohio .
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013 . Four of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and GeYen .
Barcelona reach the Champions League semi-finals at the Nou Camp . Neymar opened the scoring before Andres Iniesta doubled the lead . Luiz was booked in the first five minutes for a foul on Alves . Barcelona progressed to the finals 5-1 on aggregate .
In the co-main event, London's Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz . In the end, the visitor was given the nod by scores of 30-27 twice and 29-28 .
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning . This morning and dropped some warning charges the size of grenades . Finland has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of Russian air force sorties and border exercises .
500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk . Sub's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor removed . Spokesman: 'Preparation for filling the dry dock with water is underway'
Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria . The 21-year-old posed for pictures with Sports Illustrated cover model Kerri Walsh Jennings at a promotional event in Florida . Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in Saturday's final .
Serena Williams will play Carla Suarez Navarro in the final of the Miami Open . The 34-year-old has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year . Williams was beaten by world No 2 Simona Halep in the semi-finals .
Russia are on the brink of making the Fed Cup final with a 2-0 lead . Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3 . Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beat Julia Goerges in straight sets .
Petra Kvitova beat world no 29 Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 in the Fed Cup final . Czechs will face Germany or Russia in the final in November . The Czechs have been in four finals in five years .
Tottenham striker Harry Kane nominated for two awards . Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard and fiancee Christine Bleakley both arrived at the London bash . PFA Player of the Year Dele Alli, Steven Gerrard and Kolo Toure all arrived together . David de Gea, Ashley Young and Wayne Rooney were also there .
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday . The 25-year-old says he is still improving and progressing as a professional rugby player . He was dropped for ignoring an overlap in England's Six Nations win over Italy . Sheeran's mother Hazel taught her first chords on a guitar when playing the guitar . But May says the best years of his rugby life are ahead of him .
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6, 6-2 in a Fed Cup World Group playoff . The world No 1 was matched with 17 winners apiece in the first set . Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an alleged 'blasphemer' Pictures show man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded . Militants are increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters .
James Hook hasn't given up on earning a Wales recall since 2011 . Hook has won 77 Test caps but can reflect on two starts since last World Cup . Wales head coach Warren Gatland cannot find room for Hook in matchday 23 or wider squads .
Eidur Gudjohnsen scores brace to claim all three points for Trotters . Emile Heskey adds his worth to his brace by laying on two assists . Cardiff have 13-point buffer on those in relegation zone .
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final . The world No 1 will take the positives out of his run to the semi-finals . Tomas Berdych completed a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Gael Monfils earlier this week .
Thirty Ethiopian Christians have been beheaded and shot by ISIS in Libya . The shocking 29-minute video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive . Men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others walk down a beach . Comes after another video of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians was released . It raises fears ISIS is consolidating its presence on Europe's 'doorstep of Europe'
Victoria Police are investigating claims that the wellness blogger faked her cancer battles . The investigation was dropped after people began questioning her claims and charity work . Anti-responsial site, the Whole Pantry, gained media attention because of Ms Gibson's remarkable story about cancer survival . In her first comments to media, she expressed concern over her family's safety .
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour's presence on its 'strategically important' coastline . Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a complex buried in mountainous terrain near Tromsoe . But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked inside the base . In February, RAF planes had to intercept two Russian bombers which had flown into Irish territory without warning .
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of pilot Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues . Commission told Berlin in November 'to remedy the long-standing problems' It said it did not say when review of air safety enforcement was carried out . Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at airline training school he had gone through period of severe depression in the past .
An apartment fire involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke, the Dutch senatortinel reports . Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire . No one was hurt, and the girl is not expected to face charges .
Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in full body cast . It wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with Tom Brady later days ago . The NFL star was not the only one in the mood for pranks on April 1 .
Mints bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers, from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon . Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns for this Easter . Fortnum & Mason Sir Nigel’s Marmalade Hot Cross Buns, for £4.99, is the most affordable .
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less . EU law bans them from giving more generous annuities to men . But it does not prevent them from paying rates based on jobs pensioners do .
The coffee giant is embroiled in fresh controversy over its tax affairs . It is being probed by the European Commission over some of its methods . The company ran its European division - including the Netherlands - through the Netherlands but it paid just £1.9million in tax to the Dutch government .
Nurse DelRea Good, 52, was driving alone on a dark county road in Portage, Indiana on March 23 when she was charged with resisting arrest . Good waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to stop . Marshall arrested Good after she 'failed to listen to how speeding endangers other drivers' Good has no criminal history and says that if she is convicted of a felony she will lose her job .
Drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage brain . Causes changes in DNA in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour, researchers found . However, University of Illinois College of Medicine discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage .
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years . The star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun . But what has most excited astronomers is the change in shape of the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star .
EE shops are to give away free portable chargers so people can revive phones . The chargers will be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can sign up to the service if they pay a £20 fee .
More than 5,000 people die each year from asbestos-related diseases each year . Around 20 tradespeople die each week as a result from past exposure . Award-winning artist Joe Joiner has created a moving art installation . Created as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign, it is made up of two huge glass boxes .
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own . The resort services the upper crust of America's '1 per cent' super-rich . New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from his donor Dr. Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office .
36 7th graders on school bus in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday morning . Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph . It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets . Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries . 44-year-old driver of SUV, who has history of seizures, had to be cut out . He is recovering in a serious condition in hospital .
'King of Instagram' has been forced into making a short film about responsible gun use . Shows stony-faced Dan Bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with a gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting . He says: 'Be responsible when shooting responsibly and follow the rules'
Steven Allison, 37, was uploading pictures of himself in Australia to Facebook . The sex offender had been on the run for a year when he was jailed for sexually assaulting two women . He was living in Canberra as a labourer and handyman but couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends .
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit . Four sexual-assault victims want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality . One of them is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus .
Party had initially planned for Mr Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis, in leaders debates . When it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead . Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during debate about NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60% were born abroad .
The celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler . His London eatery, Dinner by Heston Blumenthal, also scraped through into the top 25 . Celebrity-helmed British eateries to make it into the list include The Ledbury, which serves contemporary French cuisine, Amaya, and Raymond Blanc's Belmond Le Manoir aux Quat’Saisons .
Thomas Brock, 30, was killed at his home in Pasadena, California . He had become involved in a road rage incident when he was shot dead . Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder .
A woman was forced to give birth on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, on Thursday during gridlock traffic behind President Obama's motorcade . A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25pm to assist . The unidentified mother and her baby son are both in good health .
Phoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz . It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall . The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known .
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children . Around one in six pupils do not have English as their first language . In secondary schools the figure is one in seven .
ISIS militants deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken in a field near city of Aleppo . The meat was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption . Instead, the two lorries were stopped by ISIS' religious police force, known as Al-Hesbah - at a U.S. checkpoint . ISIS considers it so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on brink of starvation are banned from eating the meat .
Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday . It takes effect July 1 . Brownback has pushed his state to the right on the contentious issue . Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri is also considering a lawsuit .
Kyle Knox, 23, failed to return to his accommodation in Fort William yesterday . Police had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker . Search had to be called off in darkness last night after 72mph winds recorded on Monday and 61mph on Tuesday .
Hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever born in the UK, measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25lbs . He was born on Tuesday at the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire . His owners said his mother had always birthed large lambs but that they had never seen one of his size .
The Oscar-winning actress was at a Barnes & Noble book signing in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History' Eyewitnesses were so incensed with the actress, they stormed out and demanded refunds . 'Octavia's answers were short and blunt and there were times she rolled her eyes to the back of her head like she couldn't believe someone could ask such a stupid question'
Lorraine Bracco, 60, revealed that she was first approached to play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi in The Sopranos . But the show creator David Chase wanted her to play Carmela Soprano instead . Bracco starred alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama .
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are 'witty and entertaining' He said they should 'write up for children, not down to them' Writer singled out Gangsta Granny for criticism, Diary Of A Wimpy Kid and Jeff Kinney .
London Mayor praised Coalition for not returning to dole queues of 1980s Britain . He said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'one of absolute moral triumphs' Labour’s Stephen Pound said: ‘I’m thinking of a sentence with the words pot, kettle and black in it’
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after being convicted of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming . Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself .
Ed Balls unveiled poster claiming voters had lost £1,100 due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition . PM hailed today as 'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters' wallets . Cameron claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family' But he predicted a Conservative government would hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax from 45p to 40p .
Former White House intern Lewinsky would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online . Barbara Walters has always believed Monica got the short end of the stick in the court of public opinion and has tirelessly defended her over the years .
One horse was found being kept in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round . The other horse was chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby . RSPCA called to the site in Lawrence Weston, Bristol, after complaints . But Margaret Hiles, 61, said: 'The situation has got worse and worse'
Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security . Revelations came hours after it was reported he told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying . 27-year-old prescribed anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of increased risk of suicide .
Rand Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream' Paul's father, Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans . An Iowa Republican Party official said he hasn't chosen a horse in the 2016 primary .
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force . New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident after footage was posted online . 'In any encounter, discourtesy and obscene language like that is unacceptable,' NYPD Chief Bill Bratton said .
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, allegedly 'threatened to kill a police officer' His brother, 15-year-old Marc, was killed in a gun battle in Miami on Monday . Police arrested Marc after he allegedly threatened to kill an officer . Dube's ex-husband and the boy's father say he was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and that police arrested Marc .
Two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915 . Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property which used an outside bathroom . They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died . But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away . Howard Knott, 70, is in charge of selling the house, which is on the market for £164
Defence Secretary says Labour leader is willing to trade away deterrent . Miliband wants to secure power in a backroom deal with Scottish Nationalists . Labour rushed to say it was backing four new Trident nuclear missile submarines - despite Ed Balls' idea of cutting it to three . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says David Cameron should be 'ashamed'
Chancellor says Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance . Insists Ed Balls and Ed Miliband will do same if given chance after May 7 . David Cameron insists Labour is planning to drag one million more people into 40p tax rate .
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia . He first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . 'My dream is to one day be able to make a living with my landscape photography,' he told Landscape Photography Magazine .
After two months and more than 100 witnesses, the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez . 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back . A joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it . The shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched the former Patriot tight end's DNA .
The International Red Cross has received approval from the Saudi-led military coalition . It is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen . The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis .
Boobesh Palani, 26, was rescued from Wellington Harbour on Monday . Two teenage girls heard his screams for help at Burdan's Gate, Eastbourne . They rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where they undressed the fastest and swimped 70 metres out to sea to save a drowning man . Police released images of the Indian student lying in his hospital bed in the hopes the public could help identify him . Family and friends said they were grateful police were able to identify Mr Palani so they had the chance to be with him in his
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull . A scan discovered a suspected tumour and she had third degree burns . Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn . She is expected to have a skin graft next week to remove the dead skin tissue .
Prime Minister visited a Catholic primary school near Bolton today . Wants to see children who get poor Sats results forced to resit them in secondary school . Proposal would see 100,000 pupils taking a test in English and maths in first year .
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his wife Smita Haval, 38, and their two sons - aged six and 10 - before turning the gun on himself in Tulsa, Oklahoma . The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days . Police said there was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought .
Firms said Britons remained baffled about how radical changes worked . Many were unaware of age restrictions or tax implications . Treasury said it switched to 'low level' advertising campaign for guidance .
The dog was busted by police in the southern state of Santa Catarina . The canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . Photo showing the line of gang members and their guard dog has gone viral .
'Remediation costs' wipe out 61% of profits between 2011 and 2014 . Bill driven by payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7bn . Another £2.3bn was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets .
Pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs - including the womb - becomes weak, typically after childbirth . Up to half of British women are thought to suffer to some degree, but far fewer seek help . Many who do the procedure are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy .
Prime Minister let the BBC film him preparing breakfast at his Oxfordshire home two weeks ago . Then this weekend it was the No 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention . He is teased for appearing to confuse the Disney film Frozen for a book .
Latest analysis of 'musical instruments' attributed to Neanderthals . Archaeological park in Slovenia found a cave bear femur pierced with two holes . Experts say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in Europe . Analysis shows the bone is a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks .
Three large phalluses were carried through the streets of Kawasaki, south of Tokyo . Participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . The festival, which started as a small tradition, is held every spring at the Kanayama Shrine .
The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines . Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up . People with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) only visible from further away . Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .
No one expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7 . Cameron, of the Conservatives, topped the polls assessing who 'won' it . But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Miliband . The debate comes six weeks ahead of the general election in May .
Jennifer Drew spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . 31-year-old has accumulated so many products they fill whole room of her house . Among hoard of products are 20 bottles of mouthwash, 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo, and stacks of dog and cat food .
Researchers from London and Edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) These computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt University and University College London . If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the MailOnline's website .
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on September 7 . She was left in a gutter on Myall Road in Casula, south-west of Sydney, for six months . One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident but police are searching for others they believe were involved . Her parents Karen and Frank have been by her side since the horrible day .
Multi-millionaire bought Glasgow mansion after splitting from husband Michael . Paid £780,700 for duplex and had extensive works done before moving in 2013 . It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth £1m . Ms Mone will move back into five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire . She and ex-husband split in December 2011 and built 'Telperion', home six times the size of average British house .
Protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall . Garbled Facebook message read 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages' But banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building .
Denise Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home on March 23 by kidnappers who tied her up and then released one day later . Huskins was 'released by police on Tuesday' after they accused him of masterminding the Gone Girl kidnapping' This comes a day after police and spokesman Lt. Kenny Park said that Huskins had no choice but to turn himself in . Quinn did not call police for 12 hours, which they said was an 'orchestrated event' Huskins' family wrote
Gen Nakatani assured MPs there has been no violation of Japanese airspace . War planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but, so far, had not encountered visitors from space .
50 years after the futuristic puppet show landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back . But the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002. There were 32 50-minute episodes over two series, shown in 66 countries.
Audrey Dimitrew accepted a spot on under-16 Chantilly Juniors in November . But she was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team . She was then told she could transfer to another club, NV Premier, but the league said no to a transfer . Her family have now filed a lawsuit against the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association, seeking for Audrey to transfer clubs .
Danel Hall Jr was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet in Centre Point, Alabama . The bullet narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital . He underwent emergency surgery to save his life . Dog's owner Trayvon Smith denies accusations he had been the one shooting .
One of the most widespread 'food rules' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth . Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule, meaning this tart isn't safe to pick up . Dry foods are things such as chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta .
Geraldine Alcorn, 28, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student . Prosecutors allege Alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting and running away with her . She resigned from her job as an elementary school teacher last month .
Saturday Night Live sketch show turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering . But they covered up with abysmal animations to illustrate U.S.-Iran diplomacy, domestic politics and domestic politics . Show was inspired by clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door, and producer's image of what the doomed pilot may have looked like graced screens .
One of three kidnappers was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing James Schoenfeld . Schoenfield abducted 26 children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while negotiated a $5million ransom . The kidnappings were influenced by the iconic 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom. The ruling will now go through an internal review that could take up to four months before a recommended parole date is sent to Governor Jerry Brown
Luke Shambrook, 11, was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday . It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . The boy, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he is last seen .
Rabie Dardouna, 33, says he has been tricked into selling the door for £100 . Painting titled 'Bomb Damage' was drawn on the metal door . It formed the last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza . Banksy's works usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds . But he is now demanding the decorated door is returned .
Jon Huxley, 46, plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons . Plans to attract tourists for weekends of adult fun at his hotel Westward Ho! . He has decided to appeal to the swinging community after he rowed with the council over the use of Grade-II listed building .
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts . The mother of three must also register assex offender for life . Parents of the victims were upset that the judge approved her plea agreement . If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison .
The short lunar eclipse began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm . Sydneysiders missed out on the view, with the Griffith Observatory captured every moment with their equipment . Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim viewing due to poor weather conditions .
Teen, 18, climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses, before sitting on precarious ledges . Many of the teen's vertigo-inducing images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, are in search of the perfect photograph . He describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing .
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users, who can also submit in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US . Users can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal link under the 'Your Account' option in the upper right corner of the site . After withdrawing, the user deletes their name and unique Facebook ID from its database .
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . He was found sitting on the hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras . A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia . Jordan survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil .
Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers . Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014 . Painkillers were most common cause of poisoning followed by rat and mouse bait . Onions, garlic and leeks are also highly dangerous for dogs, causing canine kidneys to fail .
Marylin Stoneman was entrusted with victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards . But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling addiction . Stoneman, 64, admitted stealing £22,650 from the victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 .
Chloe the wombat made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December . She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who don't seem as eager to snuggle as she is . The two have been inseparable since her mother was struck and killed by a car near Jenolan Caves, west of Sydney, in June 2014 .
Kermit the Frog, Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites could be on the way . ABC has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival . New content hasn't been since Muppets Tonight ended in 1998 . 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works .
The £38 Jessica comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH - without, compromising on support . Launching in July, the bra is offering ladies even more cleavage from D-HH cup .
Former England footballer launches scathing attack on Ukip leader . He claimed that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment . Ex-footballer wrote: 'I reckon Farage would leather it over the bar. And blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving'
Fight broke out Friday night at Resorts World Casino, near JFK airport . Video shows patrons erupting from a bar, punching, kicking and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons . Four people were arrested and will be charged in due course .
Michelle Obama appeared on The Tonight Show on Thursday night to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity . On Thursday night, she again busted some moves to a cover of I Like The Way You Move . It was a follow-up routine to the same jaunt they did in 2013 in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids .
Former military intelligence officer Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on 'The O'Reilly Factor' on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban' He had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into Bergdal's activities . 'He had made contact with local Afghans and wanted to be moved to Uzbekistan and then made contact to Russians because he wanted to talk to Russian organized crime': NCIS investiga
Google has been investigating the US search engine for five years . But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions . EU antitrust authority is now asking companies to publish complaints . Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues based on last year's performance . Decision to file charges would kick start EU's most prominent antitrust suit since 2012 .
The moon will turn a reddish orange on Saturday night . It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia . The sight was predicted in the Bible and hints at a world-changing event . But Nasa says the change in hue is entirely harmless .
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint . The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday .
Over 4,726 individuals shared content online using peer-to peer sharing network BitTorrent . They will be provided to copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC . This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses . Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling .
Almost half of French 18-25 years old have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk, compared to 33 per cent ten years ago . French health chiefs say the UK is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink .
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the Liberal Democrat proposal . Mr Clegg said it was 'healthy and active fun after being on the battle bus for so long'
Union officials from NASUWT say ‘hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are verbally abused by pupils . Some youngsters hurl chairs, bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils’ throats .
Maxwell Morton, 16, was ordered to stand trial for the alleged murder of Ryan Mangan, 16, after a February 4 shooting at his friend's home . The defense attorney claims Morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via Snapchat as 'proof' after the friend refused to believe what happened . Morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two young men .
Reality TV star unveils summer collection with Honeyz.com in full . Range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses . Was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks .
Mike Heatlie, 42, launched violent attack on Fiona McCartney in Edinburgh . She lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood in the street . The Edinburgh-based trainer pleaded guilty to attacking her outside a nightclub . But Ms McCaartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and is too scared to leave . Heatlie was once voted as one of the city's most eligible bachelors .
Created as part of Cake Masters Magazine feature in this month's edition . Works of art were inspired by Peter Carl Faberge's famous jewelled eggs . Created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists .
Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca, 15 . It is also alleged that they did not attend school . Girl died in the early hours of Tuesday after falling from family's flat . She told friends she went to an American school to explain why they never saw her in a uniform .
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces . Lawyer for six survivors Patrick Klugman said images 'lacked the most basic precautions' and endangered those still alive inside . He singled out French 24-hour news channel BFMTV which revealed the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - live on air .
Syed Viqaruddin 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape' He is said to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area . The five men were all killed in the incident in Telangana, southern India .
Raymond Frolander, 18, pictured in mugshot after he sexually abused son, 11 . Furious father walked in on him after sexual act on 11-year-old at his home . After his arrest, police released mug shot, which saw him sporting bruises . Now, he has been sentenced to 25 years in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case . He agreed to plea deal in bid to avoid mandatory life sentence on Thursday .
Kecil the baby orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace at Toledo zoo, in Ohio, after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth . He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a bond either . In a final attempt to find a parent for him, he was handed over to Maggie . The baby has raised four of her own children and another one was given to her in 2002 but she has proved her parenting prowess again .
Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night . Severe weather foiled two landing attempts at Manchester airport . Passengers were made to stay in seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled . Officers called to Birmingham after passengers started 'kicking off', according to witness . Footage shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff . Qatar Airways apologised for delay, which occurred after strong winds .
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, had gone with her daughter Kanta, 19, to the bank of the Vishwamitri River, 40 kilometres from Vadodara, in west India, to wash their clothes . A 13ft crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river, armed only with a wooden washing paddle . Suded attack rattled Vankar who hastily grabbed daughter's hand to try and pull her free from the clutches .
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-4 to reach the Miami Open final . The world No 4 will face Novak Djokovic after beating John Isner in straight sets . It will be Murray's first Masters level final since he won the title two years ago .
Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . A blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs .
The Queen was just eight when she first attended the Maundy Day ceremony . She was presented 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them . The monarch gave out two purses of specially minted coins in 1935 . It would be another 18 years before her coronation .
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night . They got a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment . Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, was 'extremely intoxicated', the manager said . She was arrested in February and charged with aggravated battery .
Tong Shaom 20 went missing in September 2014 and her body was found in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City . Her boyfriend Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after her disappearance . Tong and Li met studying English in Beijing in 2011 . They had checked into a hotel room together two days before and the owner knew them . Two days earlier Tong had accidentally dialed him and stayed on the line for 30 minutes,
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair . Mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and on Facebook . She doesn't want anyone else to have him, but does not want any other woman . The couple's marriage became rocky shortly before they renewed vows .
Ben Morgan has delivered an encouraging fitness bulletin . The Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of featuring for England at the World Cup . Morgan broke his left leg playing in the Aviva Premiership against Saracens .
Since 2013, Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere . He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are 'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' His research has been widely dismissed by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow prosecutors believe died while having sex with it .
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study . Nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins . Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex either before or at university .
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during session . He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs . When arrested, he told police officers he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls .
A 26-year-old Michigan woman secretly gave birth in a bathroom stall at work and then returned to her seat to resume her duties . Staff at Ceva Logistics reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning . The newborn was later pronounced dead .
A #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children . Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so . 'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' wrote one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair .
The man underwent the 27-hour procedure at the Vall d'Hebron hospital . Procedure took 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete . He had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years . This is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins, bypassing normal brain tissue .
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men . The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance . One inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read: 'James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.' Only the date next to it - April 1, 1917 - roots it in the horrors of the First World War .
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us? ‘This is mine and Eleanor’s hot-or-not video,’ announces Zoe, waving a list of her classmates’ names at the camera . Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets . ‘It’s just our opinion!’ reads the standard disclaimer for videos of this kind .
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds which can be superimposed onto selfies, according to the app . Makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating' Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality .
Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year . Have finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop . Opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s .
Satellite TV operator DirecTV is ending its . advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe . Comcast said the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated . The ads all ended with Lowe saying: 'Don't . be like this me — Get rid of cable and upgrade to DircTV' The cable company has been ranked higher than cable for over 10 years .
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations . They were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' The decorative plastic Easter Eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide .
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, Italy, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago . Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina, continue the tradition . The family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic, tortoiseshell and mosaics . But soon the dolls began to take over the shop, and hundreds of toys are now on the shelves .
Findings could have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind's ancient relatives . Little Foot was a member of the species . Australopithecus prometheus, but lived at roughly the same . time as . austerterisis, whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia .
Anthropologists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of Neanderthals . They say the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes .
Clare Hines, from Darra in Brisbane, was diagnosed with a brain tumour . One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant . She was faced with an agonising choice – cancel an operation to remove the tumour or terminate her unborn baby . Ms Hines went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah . Seven weeks after Noah was born, she flew home to her home in the UK to finally have the operation . The tumour wrapped itself around her acoustic, facial and balance nerve .
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for the national salad chain Sumo Salad . The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies . This comes after his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' is set to be self-published as a digital book .
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 Magnum by boyfriend Larry Tipton, 27 . Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning .
Scientists believe DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' They used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains . The study, by the University of Milan and University of Colorado Boulder, is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure .
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty . Some claiming Cleopatra was the first celebrity fan . Sanford Bennett released his book, Exercising In Bed, which gave away his facial secrets . Today, however, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise .
3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall . But after reading their congratulations notices, they realized they would need to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college . The new $15million online undergraduate program, created by state legislators in 2013, will expand enrollment in the university's new online program .
Gillian Nelson, 34, died after complications arose with birth of son Wesley . Husband James Ramirez, 37, called Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45am . He said: 'She was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired. She was pale' Inquest heard she was taken to theatre at 6.30am and had multiple cardiac arrests .
Lamp can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device . Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time . With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars .
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university . Meanwhile, the statement says he is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future . However, CTI, however, has said its business with the agency is now finished .
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late Iraqi dictator's military . Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS are former members of Hussein's Baathist army . Self-declared caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has played prominent roles in the group's day-to-day running of the terror group .
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children, a 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four last December . Room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate' Authorities immediately removed the youngsters from the messy room using a 'key located in the residence' However, parents have now been spared prison after being handed six-year suspended sentences and 10 years of good behavior .
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only border crossing . Jihadis could potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten Assad . Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years .
Gertrude Pitkanen would take newborns from their mother's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents . Transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in Butte, Montana, in 1920s . Most of the children who were victims of this crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives . They have joined together to form a group called Gertie's Babies to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive .
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years . He graduated from the University of Glamorgan in 2002 and has BSc (hons) He also has three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV . Despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job . Has spent time teaching in Kuwait, Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia . All the jobs have been on short, fixed-term contracts . Now willing to settle for almost anything after his numerous setbacks .
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . They died less than a month after being born and their parents laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west . Their family and friends had built a small shrine at their gravesite, which they have added to since the funeral .
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago . She finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week . When she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was stopped by hundreds of cult members . They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle . Since leaving the compound, she remarried and had another
Boden's traditional cotton shifts and ‘mumsy’ jersey dresses have always been a big no-no for me . Clare Goldwin admits she won't want to be labelled a Boden ‘yummy mummy’ at 50 paces . For many years, Boden made a success of its appeal to the ‘Sloane’ market . Glossy magazines have praised their spring/summer shoe range for its nods to designer brands .
A white man yelled a racial slur at a group of white men on Friday in Portland, Maine . The man was in a car filled with white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them . Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter . Shay Stewart-Bouley, a blogger who writes about race in Maine, has told her story as a reminder to be kinder .
Shows such as Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and Game of Thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches, leather and chain metal . The dimly-lit period setting only serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks .
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexually assaulting several students . He has strongly denied the accusations in an interview with CNN . 'Women likes me. Women love me,' he said . His followers include Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore .
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under #grannyhair . Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey locksed Instagrammers . For others it means emancipation from costly hair dying regimes . The look has an air of defiant feminism .
Pictures show wide divide between aspirations for girls and boys . Females offer pink beautician's outfits while males wear doctor's uniforms . Babygros reading 'I hate my thighs' and 'i'm super' leave customers feeling cross . Campaign group Let Toys Be Toy is petitioning retailers to end labelling products by gender .
Investigators concluded that Harper Lee, 88, was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird, and is not an elder abuse victim . Many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in Monroeville, Alabama, was pushed into publishing Go Set a Watchman .
Mick Schumacher made his test debut in Formula 4 at Oschersleben circuit . 16-year-old was pictured accidentally driving through gravel at one point . He was travelling at up to 100mph when he crashed at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg, eastern Germany in March . The youngster will need time to make his way as a driver, according to his manager Frits van Amersfoort .
The bodies of Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . The 48-year-old husband and his wife had chainsaw cuts to their body, but only the boy's death is being classified as a homicide . Friends say the couple were going through a rough patch and that the couple had been together for 15-20 years .
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’s dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter .
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario, to Comox, British Columbia . Calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land . The traveller picked up a green chair that he acquired for free from Kijiji . After picking up the chair, the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey .
More than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm fire at Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky . The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze . No injuries have been reported . A shelter in place order has been given for the surrounding half-mile area, with officials telling residents to go to the room in their houses with the least windows and to shut off any ventilation .
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton will hold its weekly Maundy Thursday service today instead of tomorrow . It was re-scheduled so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow instead . Decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday .
The Cornwall-set drama will be back for eight more episodes . It helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade . 8.1million people on average have watched each episode this year .
Rescue of Sjaak Rijke took place at 5am today in far north of Mali . Some militants were killed and others captured, but no word on fate of two . Dutchman appeared in video posted in November by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb .
Australians will purchase enough prawns to stretch from Sydney to Cairns over Easter weekend . The grape can suit every budget, from Hardys Siegersdorf to Taylors St Andrews Riesling . 'The crisp, minerally, citruss and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic Muscat'
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis early on Friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge . Following days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday - five days after she was last seen on a nearby bridge . Police said video evidence showed she entered the Mississippi River from this bridge, which is just several blocks from the bar .
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots . Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 . Candice uses her as her muse, who was recently awarded an MBE for her services to the fashion .
Mike Whitehead was standing against Alan Johnson in Hull West and Hessle . Said he joined Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at ruling Conservative group . But the Tories have now dropped him as their candidate for constituency . Comes after Mr Whitehead revealed he was planning to stand against Tory councillor .
A series of billboards around New York City are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit . The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers . Detroit restaurant Katoi, which opens in June, is hiring staff, but the bill boards are more about advertising Detroit's entrepreneurial and creative opportunities .
Lindsey Walker, 23, booked in for an overnight stay at Rex Hotel, in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside . After a hospital stay the family decided they would rather sit in the reception of their £82-per-night room than attempt sleep . Her room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls, broken tiles and filth from previous occupants .
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale in Oregon, weighed 11st by the time she turned five . At her heaviest, she weighed an unhealthy 46st (657lbs) She was warned that she risked dying by the age of 30 and had lost 20st in a year .
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned that his Facebook photos were being used on a fake account and then befriended a man using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' The profile showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his seven-year-old daughter . Valente said he wanted to marry her and move to Austria to be with his daughter and pay taxes in England . He then used an image from the profile to search Google photos and discovered they had been stolen from Valente . Facebook removed the profile -
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying 20st 3lb . She became so concerned that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape . The determined slimmer has now dropped to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions .
Archae bacteria found in methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of Earth . They actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in . Life has been discovered nearly a mile and half underground, raising hopes that bacteria could be able to survive deep beneath other planets .
Eight-year-old Piper Kulk died in a two-car collision on Saturday morning . She was travelling with her two brothers William and Daniel when the accident happened . All three were sitting in the back of the car when the incident occurred . The two boys, Glenda Milham and Michelle Milham, were airlifted to the Children's Hospital but later succumbed to their injuries . Warwick Milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife and daughter had been injured in the crash .
US economy generated 126,000 new jobs in March, half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013 . Government bond yields fell Friday to 1.84 percent from 1.90 percent before the jobs report was released . Employers now appear wary about the world's largest economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet more consumer spending .
Cleopatra had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets . The famed Egyptian beauty famously bathed in donkey-milk baths . Empress Elisabeth loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century .
Donny Ray Williams is disfigured from an acid attack that occurred years after he raped two women . Prosecutors on Friday asked that he be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime . Williams slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . That same year, he had a sexual relationship with a woman too inebriated to give her consent . He's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations .
Three-foot-long omelette was created by chef Ally Lees at Alfie Bird's restaurant . It contains 945g of protein - 16 times recommended daily amount for man . Cooked using 150 fresh eggs - and it contains 12,000 calories .
Bobbi Ann House, 39, became known as the 'military mistress' in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts . She and her husband Zackerie House, 27, are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500 . The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Oklahoma and Colorado and Oklahoma . They are now believed to be hiding out camping with the last of their fraudulent transactions March 30 .
Country due to repay £330m loan to International Monetary Fund on Thursday . There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on payment . Sources close to ruling Syriza party claimed government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans due .
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends . It's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the Seventies . Denim is the easiest way to nail the trend .
MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website . Said the Government believed Mr Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past . Has since defended the statement, saying he uses the term black puppet in light of his personal experiences .
New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident . Detective Patrick Cherry is assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force . He was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver hooted at him, prompting his repeatedly apologies .
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a lawsuit last week . They allege the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals . The company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who don't know they are infected .
Western Esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches leaves just five other houses . The 11 white houses were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury .
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday afternoon when a man in a Cadillac started shooting at them . The 12-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene while her unidentified son survived . A sheriff's department Lt. Dave Coleman said on Friday that the couple were simply having a chuckle . Ms Berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over to tell a police officer monitoring traffic at a 14200 block of Kornblum Ave to tell officer he
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name . That compares to 235 Garys born in 1996 when the name was 147 . Helped by the popularity of actor Gary Cooper, there was a surge in Garys .
The 37-year-old hotelier paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29, that runs pure chocolate milk . The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories . Danny - whose actual surname is Karne - is known as Lambo because of his passion for Lamborghinis .
Kris Wardle and girlfriend Katrina fell in love when they met in 2002 . They met when she was a devoted mother when he was stabbed to death . Her son Mark, then 10, was acting as Best Man when she died . Two years later, the HGV driver was killed by Mark after a row over his cannabis use .
Manuela Arbelaez removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show . The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing . As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted 'I win!'
Governor Jerry Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels . Brown's order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use . The move will affect residents, businesses, farmers and other users .
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by sexual harassment . Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user dubbed her 'Miss Bonkers' She claimed she was hired by the bank only because of her looks . She won legal claim she was victim of sexual harassment and forced to leave £750,000-a-year role .
James Bowen has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob . The former Big Issue salesman has churned out multiple spin-offs . But the Daily Mail can reveal he continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London . While Bowen stays in the social housing flat he was granted in 2010, the many homeless people he talks of helping remain desperate for a roof over their heads .
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area . But parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there . Professor Matthew Cooper, a professorial research fellow, attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend . Immunisation rates in Queensland have dropped across most age groups since 2010 .
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience . Researchers have long understood how we can tell the sound's direction . From their heavy build and short limbs, to the shape of their skull and teeth, there are many ways that the
Christopher Bridger attacked three women after separate drinking sessions . 25-year-old was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape last year . Bridger had accompanied student back to halls after Freshers' Week party . He had been kissing, cuddling and cuddling her despite being told to stop . But broke down in tears afterwards and said: 'I just want to like girls'
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, was sent a rejection letter from Duke admissions office . In March she was told she had failed to make the grade at the college . But she wrote back: 'I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal' The email has gone viral, attracting 100,000 reblogs since first being posted .
Linsey 'Jade' Berardi has died aged 22 . She appeared in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago . No cause of death has been released .
Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be forced out of the country within 28 days after her appeal was unsuccessful . The single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden' on the Australian health system . Immigration Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a ‘cold, heartless decision’ by the Federal Government .
Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous 'pleasure troupe' The troupe traditionally entertains young female leaders in Pyongyang . The previous members were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s . Tradition was established by Kim's grandfather Kim Il-sung .
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . The elderly man called police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens . Hilbert claims her older lover 'body bumped' her during an argument .
Annabelle Cox was born weighing just 290 grams at just 20 weeks . Her parents Jaye and Matthew Cox decided to deliver their daughter prematurely after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida . After they made the heartbreaking decision, they contacted Angel Gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon . Charlotte and Sophie Cox were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived .
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids . Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe shared stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger . The late-night TV personality is popular in Japan for his frankness .
Prime Minister David Cameron suggests using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' He took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with Ukip leader . Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' tonight's two-hour debate will be held at Salford's MediaCityUK . Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of his TV test . 'I hope the truth comes out on some issues', Mr Cameron told Sky News .
Jockeys and bookies will be betting on Saturday's race at Aintree . Four out of 2,000 Britons have confirmed they will be having a bet . 40 per cent of them admitted their selection would be purely down to the name of the horse .
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the building's fitness room . The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't . Last year, tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey filed a complaint against landlords that 'smacked second-class citizenship' for those who lived in rent-stabilized apartments .
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to find clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public . The book, designed to discover clever people in the 1930s, has been republished . Rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature .
Prosecutor, 46, died when two Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front members stormed courthouse and took him hostage . Turkey had demanded domestic newspapers stop running 'terrorist propaganda' images, before imposing blocks on social media sites . Access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube was re-established yesterday after requests to remove photographs were ignored . But Turkey has threatened to block access to Google unless images of siege are removed from its search function .
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group . The FBI said on Wednesday that he is dead . Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website as of Wednesday evening .
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a 'regular contract' after three months . Announcement comes after PM refused to say if he could live on zero-hours contract . Estimated there are now 1.8million contracts in the UK that do not guarantee any hours .
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire . 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after being diagnosed with asbestos . Her husband Nigel told inquest his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s . Coroner recorded verdict of death as a result of industrial disease . Family are now taking legal action against Gloucestershire County Council .
Avril Lavigne has revealed she has Lyme disease . Symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia . The 30-year-old singer thinks she may have been bitten last spring .
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban . The pair could also face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field . NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed the match review committee would 'look very closely' their behaviour on Friday night . 'Subject conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review', he said .
Tomas Driukas arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning . Baby, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering 'several injuries' Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday . The couple had a young girl and twin babies, neighbours said .
Townsend achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 1334, when it was published in 1982 . The book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies .
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass . They show Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster . An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around Kathmandu .
Kady Marsh was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to 'over 18s only' The mother-of-two says management told her to breastfeed in the hotel . 'I said: "Oh no, she’s only seven-weeks-old, She’s just a tiny baby, that's ridiculous.' The Manly Wharf Hotel says the hotel has a policy of limiting breastfeeding areas .
Mike Hand was diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord in Haydock . The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery . But after he and wife Kate tried to claim for financial support to adapt home . They were told they weren't eligible because they don't have income support . Couple want to create a comfortable home for their husband who has suffered 'massively through no fault of his own'
Gertrude Weaver, 116, is already the oldest person in America . Thanks to the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, she became the world's oldest person on Wednesday . The staff at Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden, about 100 miles southwest of Little Rock, said Wehe is in good health . 'She said she has been blessed with a long and healthy life because of the way she has treated others,' said facility administrator Kathy Langley .
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London . London has long been considered the most expensive place in the UK to buy property . But prices have continued to soar, increasing 10 per cent in last 12 months .
Richard Hutchinson punched his former friend in the face in Stockton-on-Tees . The 40-year-old was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain . He lashed out because the pair had fallen out over a debt of £300 . Court heard he threw punches at victim the day before and threatened to 'fill him in' on the phone . Victim was knocked unconscious and had to remain in intensive care for 16 days .
Study of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found osteoporosis . The major mineral deficiency came from the impact of rising temperatures . Means they broke limbs and spines, leaving them unable to walk . Until now, it was thought the hairy beast simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man .
Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia is one of 160 volcanoes on the island, 29 of which are still active . Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm snapped the volcano in amazement . He said: 'Seeing the contrast of the black and red lava to the white snow was like gold to my eyes, and to my camera'
A heavily pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman and her baby died after she refused a blood transfusion . The 28-year-old had pregnancy complications due to her leukemia . She was told she could give birth via a caesarean section and chemotherapy but refused both options . Dr Giselle Kidson-Gerber said: 'Most mothers would make decisions on her behalf and her foetus's behalf' Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths as 83 percent of pregnant le
Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients . Centre claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them . Internet addiction affects 24 million of 632 million internet users . Tao Ran confiscates all electronic devices from patients and forces them to follow a strict military-style order .
The first generation iPad was revealed by Steve Jobs in early 2010 . It was met with ridicule by many technology experts, who failed to see how such a product would turn out to be . Within the first 24 hours of Apple’s launch the company sold 300,000 units .
Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a former member of the US Congress, where he was a reliable conservative vote on social issues – but he said he won't sign a new religious freedom bill into law . His politically liberal son Seth signed a petition asking his dad to veto the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act . 'I’m proud to have made a small contribution to the overall effort to stop discrimination against the LGBT community in Arkansas, the state that I love (Go hogs!),' the younger governor said .
Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s . They were tipped off that money was kept in their home in Welwyn Garden City . Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year .
Fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' She overheard him crying in a corner and writing a note which he passed to his classmate but told him not to open it until later . He went through the second-floor window 'headfirst, unforced, unassisted and of his own accord' but died later that day .
Robert Durst, 71, arrested on March 14 and is facing murder charges in California . Accused of illegal gun possession after police searched his hotel room . Judge slammed his lawyers for being unprepared as they demanded delay . He is awaiting extradition to California where he will be tried for the 2000 murder of his longtime friend Susan Berman .
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sank in 1981 . Designed by Walter Reeks more than a century ago, the yacht is one of only three that remains in the world today .
Start at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules . A man weighing around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes . You'd need to paddle for at least three hours to burn off a hollow Easter egg .
Thunder was one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean . Sea Shepherd claims it sank over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December . Ship had been pursuing the vessel for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in Antarctic waters .
Experts plan to excavate ancient crypts below church to tap into Roman drains where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground . They hope to divert warm water through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey .
U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro criticised for attending parade in Moscow . But Milos Zeman has been banned from the largely ceremonial post . Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said Zeman's reaction was 'not adequate' Zeman is critical of EU sanctions against Russia .
Houses near a Waitrose and Sainsbury’s were worth £38,831 on average . But having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less . Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts nearby .
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours . Page was hacked by an 'unknown third party' who took control of the picture feed . Instead of the regular images of coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons . The company managed to kick the hacker out and regain control the account .
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl . Her partner Chris Barnes, 40, is calling for action to prevent further tragedies . The mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at North Manchester General Hospital . Deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers prompted an investigation .
Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’ Delivering his Easter sermon in Canterbury Cathedral, he said the killing of Christians over the past year had been a ‘wicked’ development .
Bette Carouze, 78, from Brighton, enjoys night parties and leaves in the early hours of the morning . The single mother-of-two admits that drinking while 'stinking vodka' can be embarrassing . 'I'm not your run of the mill er, even though I've had my bus pass for 18 years,' says Mrs Carrouze .
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, had turned on her in-laws at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34 . She was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it . They accused her of treating him like a slave and urinating in their tea .
Adam Rushton took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women . 37-year-old found guilty of five counts of misconduct and breaching data rules . Offences took place in Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, while he was on duty . He was acquitted on remaining counts and called 'disgrace to the police service'
Lindsay says she feels 'at home' in London and has no plans to return . The 28-year-old has been living in London for the past year . She recently spent a stint on the stage, starring in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow .
Conservative Christian shop owners have come under fire after Indiana pizzeria made national headlines for refusing service to gay customers under new legislation . On Thursday the governor signed a law 'fixing' his state's controversial legislation, which has prompted boycotts on state employees traveling to Indiana .
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . When the pictures were posted to Facebook, users theorized that the sharks looked like either Blacktip or Spinner sharks, which migrate this time of year to breed .
Chinese navy rescues 225 foreigners and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military . They include 176 people from Pakistan, Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen . Russian planes also brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, Sanaa . Comes the same day Saudi-led war planes made a weapons drop in Aden following fortnight of fighting .
The 11 former teachers, principals and administrators were accused of erasing incorrect answers or instructing students to change their answers . 'This is a huge story and absolutely the biggest development in American education law since forever,' said University of Georgia professor Ron Carlson . One principal was accused of wearing gloves as they erased test scores and filled in new ones . Superintendent Beverly Hall, thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts, died of breast cancer over the trial .
Joni Mitchell, who claims to have suffered from Morgellons for most of her life, has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . The medical community refuses to accept it, and most experts claim it is just a mental illness . This is very similar to the symptoms of mental illness, from the sensation of crawling and bugs and parasites crawling underneath the skin . Mitchell is said to be in 'good spirits' after being hospitalized after being found unconscious at her home .
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. Gallmon had been soliciting sex from men through Craigslist . The victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . He died the next day with 'various credit cards strewn about' from his body .
Republican Rep. Darrell Issa told House Speaker John Boehner in 2013 that Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment . U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen said in a letter that she 'effectively waived your rights' by defending herself under oath . The House Oversight committee subpoenaed Lerner after she refused to answer lawmakers' questions .
Holborn fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke . But firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire, and firefighters are still battling to put out the fire a day later . More than 1,000 London office workers have been evacuated due to the fire which has now been brought under control .
Six-month-old baby died suddenly in 2013 at Alder Hey Children's Hospital . Drugs, painkillers and anti-depressants were found in the infant's stomach . Mary was the youngest child in a family of four born to a mother aged 30 and 33 . Her parents came to social care five times between 2008 and 2012 .
Tracy Stratton said daughter Tianni suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse . Claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she is afraid to leave the house . A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added . But she is now suing the Royal Borough of Greenwich Council .
Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride . The movie centres on the 1984 miners' strike and the 1984 underdogs' travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the National Union of Mineworkers .
Joseph McEnroe, 36, was convicted of killing six members of his girlfriend's family on Christmas Eve, 2007 . Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3 . Court heard he was abused as a child at the hands of his mother and her boyfriends . Hearing continues today as 12 people are determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole .
The couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan on a visit to Chorley, Lancashire . On Friday David Cameron celebrated his emergence from TV leaders' debate . Mr Cameron was heard quipping: 'Come on darling, maybe another one?' He later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children .
Shauna McGlasson became trapped in the turnstiles at the Alice and Wonderland ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year . The mother-of-one made a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine and lost 7st in as many months . She has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone .
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their plane crashed . Private plane crashed into hillside during bad weather in Scottish highlands . Couple had arranged secret visit using husband's light aircraft for visit . But when they failed to turn up at airstrip and radar contact was scrambled . Wreckage of plane and couple's bodies found six hours later in hills .
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters in Augusta next week . The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National . Woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines .
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage . The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1 . It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour .
Jen Psaki and Denis McDonough are expecting babies in May and July . The White House knew she was pregnant when it was being considered for the communications director job, and Mr Obama called her personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue . Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare, flexibility and paid leave, but until now, he hasn't put it into practice in a very prominent way .
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in February after a seven-year battle with cancer . She had been battling Gerson Therapy, which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support . After discussions with 'oncologists, healers and specialists around the world', she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed .
Vauxhall Vivaro van hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford . Workman seen hanging out the door as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle . Neighbour said he was only doing it because he felt unwell and needed fresh air . Incident is believed to have gone on for five minutes as man pulled off 'stunt'
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Rosabella arrived at 72 . Now 74-year-old Peter and Bella, their 20-month-old daughter, are expecting a sibling . So what advice could I give to other would-be septuagenarian fathers? Well, from experience that two children are more than twice the work of one .
Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies . 'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she said . With the drought stretching into its fourth year, California's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption . Excluded from the new restrictions, however, was the agricultural industry, which is responsible
King cobra Raja has produced almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin . It was produced by handler Billy Collett at Gosford's Australian Reptile Park . The eight kilogram cobra is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake . 'It's a very dangerous yield, and they only give you about a third of what they've got'
Tara McIntyre, 24, left virtually wheelchair-bound after Ben Hagon's Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph, a court heard . She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis . Hagon, who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003, already had prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when behind the wheel .
Gigi Hadid, 19, has credited Kendall Jenner with helping her deal with negative feedback on social media . Kendall, 19, believes former Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona . Her meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her fellow models . Lexi Boling, along with fellow model Binx Walton, left cruel comments on a pre-show image shared on Vogue Germany's Instagram feed .
Sister duo Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, are set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level . They have teamed up with 'Print All Over Me' and Buffalo shoes, the brand behind the Spice Girls' trademark platforms . 'We both have a love of colour and prints and so we said lets do something crazy together,' says Stef .
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together during the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend . They didn't refer to themselves as Destiny's Child - they were introduced by their individual names . The trio want to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either . Kelly once managed each of their individual careers as well as the group .
Gov. Jerry Brown ordered unprecedented measures to save water in the state . The snowpack provided about 30 percent of California's water needs as it melts in the spring and summer . California is suffering its fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow .
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 houses in the Lower Ninth quarter of New Orleans . The actor personally supported the building, which decimated in the 2005 storm . But in a lawsuit filed in New Orleans’ District Court last week, Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective . In one case, a house had rotted so badly it had mushrooms growing from it, it is alleged .
Driver tried the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning . Gambled on passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph . Car ended on opposite side of road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes with what remained of caravan still attached .
Takako Konishi's story has been made into a new film of its own . The Treasure Hunter dramatizes the myth of her journey and sad end . It was claimed that she had believed the film Fargo was real after all the film begins with the words 'Fargo, Fargo' Police in Detroit Lakes confirmed that a police officer had spoken to the 28-year-old shortly after she turned up .
Asia Siddiqui befriended U.S. constable Noelle Velentzas, 28, in 2006 and published a poem in a precursor to Inspire . Khan, an American citizen, was killed in 2011 drone strike in Yemen - but he had published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide . The NYPD is currently investigating Khan's whereabouts and how the Brooklyn-area woman allegedly planned to kill her former roommate .
The RSPCA is presenting a series to highlight the plight of the animals . They are arriving at the Newbrook Farm Animal Centre in Birmingham . Amanda Holden and her co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured on ITV .
Promposals are the big trend in high school proms as teens think up more outlandish ways to ask each other to the biggest dance of the year . With budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler . In 2012, Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend Tina, with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read, 'Tina, will you go to prom with me?' Some students have even rented plane banners to pop the prom question 
Fearless photographer Atif Saeed, 38, was in Lahore's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . The hunter got out of his car and crept up towards the lion with a camera and fired off a few frames . Unfortunately, the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the hunter, who was forced to retreat rapidly from the hungry lion .
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa, an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet . Here, MailOnline has developed a quiz to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest in a supervised IQ test . It is designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high IQ . The quiz is based on measuring someone’s IQ, although the top two per cent score on an . supervised test will qualify you to join Mens
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world but is a favourite of the rich and famous . The beach is taken over by well-heeled Brazilians and Argentinians looking for good food and sunshine each summer . La Huella is one of the most famous and is dotted with pretty villas and sleek hotels overlooking the sea . Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and restaurateur Giuseppe Cipriani are among the stars said to have stayed in the chic resort .
Nine British Muslims who were prepared to join ISIS are no longer welcome in England, Labour's Simon Danczuk has said . It comes after nine members of same family were arrested in Turkey - including 21-year-old son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed . Family – including Coun Ahmed's son Waheed, his cousins, aunt and four children – are expected return to the UK from Turkey this week .
Graeme Oxby, 50, visited homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England' He said: 'I hope to show the colour, the razzmatazz and the fun of Elvis' A selection of his work is on a UK gallery tour until 2017 ans is currently on show at The Cooper in Barnsley .
ISIS will jail anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in Raqqa . Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will take an 'Islamic course' Those who pass will be fined and kept in prison until they pass .
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier . He said that Russia needs to develop a small force of megaweapons . The military man said that the main objective would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is 'moving to the borders or Russia'
Tim McNaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father Greg and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself . His body was discovered alongside his father's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday . In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police . A third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being shot in his bicep by running into bushland after being shot at .
The distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution of skin cells . The circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form . Several teams of scientists are trying to explain the bizarre markings, and suggestions include termites nibbling grass, zebras rolling in circles, competition for resources and hydrocarbons .
John Lewis has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in a bid to sell off leftover stock . Three months after Christmas, the giant is still trying to sell its leftover stock of Christmas decorations, Christmas ornaments and decorations . A 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack' and a 'Gold Glitter Tabletop Stag' are now being sold at half price .
Concerns about Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, revealed to WA officials . However, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior faculty . Follow recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments . The hospital went on 'baby bypass' when the maternity unit opened .
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, Noah, last month . After an intense-five days search, the child's body was found in a septic tank on White and Thomas' property . White's 6-month-old daughter was removed from the home and placed in the custody of social services the day after his body was recovered .
Ryanair has taken the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own alcohol on board flights between Glasgow and Ibiza . The airline has informed passengers that their alcohol purchases are no longer allowed in the cabin and they risk being kicked off the flight if they don’t comply .
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said . Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it is unclear how the couple died . Ship departed Tampa, Florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean .
Lane Smith passed away in freak accident in July 2014 . His heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son were reunited . Kayli Henley took a photograph of them and fitted it around them with a ghostly filter . Sierra Sharry, 20, took the picture with her six-month-old son Taos . The image has been shared more than 200,000 times and shared 25,000 times .
Princess, 26, cut a glamorous figure as she left Shoreditch House . The hipster hub is one of London's coolest nightspots . Joseph A-Line dress currently sold out .
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . The helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and have its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping . One early buyer calls it a ' marvel of modern technology' and another purchasers plan to rent their two 525s out to Middle East-based oil and gas companies .
Canadian Sarah Gadon filmed Princess Elizabeth and Margaret on night out . 70 years ago the pair were let loose to walk through London streets incognito . The adventure has been re-created in a new film to coincide with VE Day .
In an open letter to Nicole Kidman, the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador . Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities .
Ten per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . The shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits . Other research has suggested that greater access to GP surgeries is linked with lower rates of emergency admissions .
Sofia Davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures and flirted with unsuspecting men . After meeting her victims, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes . She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander . Police said they were suspicious, having received numerous calls from people .
Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight . Harry will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force . He will also visit the War Memorial and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra . The flight was staged to support a new Spitfire training scholarship .
Nicola Horlick, 54, breastfed her six children while working in the City . She says juggling with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office . Her daughter Georgina died from leukaemia aged 12 in 1998 age 12 . Mrs Horlick has advised her daughters to marry early and have children in twenties .
Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments on some medical instruments . The $2 billion hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February .
Young couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene share travel photos on Jay's tumblr blog and on Instagram . The extreme sportsman is also a photographer and helps when taking spectacular holiday photos that his girlfriend is a model . Jay has 750,000 followers on Instagram, while Alexis boasts 1.1million for the shots her boyfriend takes of her .
Ms King had a 15-year affair with Australian actor Jack Thompson . She revealed how she had an affair with the womanising actor . The first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old . Her older sister, Leona, is nicknamed Le . Thompson has denied that he ever had sex with his sister .
Rick Yoes, 57, turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his $1,700 fine to secure his release . But Grand Prairie resident claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail . Issues he has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard .
Wife of rabbi Bernard 'Barry' Freundel has spoken out for the first time since her husband's arrest last October . Mrs Freundel was arrested after a police investigation revealed he spied on dozens of women who changed in the bathroom . The couple remain legally married but the two are still legally married .
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when the windows to Tower View Hotel smashed . Man threw brick at them in 'premeditated' attack and he later called police . Claimed to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on reality TV show .
Staffordshire-Boxer cross thought to have knocked one of the cooker's cooker knobs . Heat from one hob's rings set fire to a child's seat left resting on appliance . Leo and his family have been left surviving on sandwiches .
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens . When Body insisted he only did what was asked of him, he says his employers with Heatherwood Communities said it didn't matter . The petition, on ipetitions.com, had received 72 of its goal of 250 signatures by Sunday evening, though Body could soon get a new job .
The Lusitanian toadfish lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and can whistle, croak and grunt . Females make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates . Males build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors . The creature is well camouflaged so sound is the best way to get attention .
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi cut a hole in Lynx shampoo bottles and dried them so he could hide his iPhone inside to film through the hole . He was caught twice - once when a fitness instructor noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle . Fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled and saw a Lynex bottle appear in his shower cubicle . Doctor pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500 and ordered to pay costs of £
PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high . Experts predict more than half of pets will be overweight within five years . One in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . The wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for bunnies .
Memorial display at Dusseldorf airport reveals picture of pilot Patrick Sondheimer who tried to break into the cockpit to stop Andreas Lubitz from crashing plane . Lubitz, 27, had been plotting the crash online under the name Skydevil . The plane plummeted into the mountains killing all 144 passengers and five crew members on board .
Search for South American boa constrictor called off after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python . Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia' But Biosecurity Queensland officers have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign . The notice will reportedly tell dog owners and small children to 'watch out' The snake is likely to be an illegal import that was kept as
Former Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an investigation into criminal threats, Daily Mail Online can reveal . The rock star is said to have made the chilling threat during a telephone argument on March 19 . Nikki, a childhood friend of Kim Kardashian, filed a report Wednesday night with detectives from the Lost Hills Sheriff's Station .
Saudi warplanes continue to bomb rebel-controlled army camps in Red Sea port city of Hodeida . Today's airstrikes hit warehouses belonging to factory that produces dairy products . Troops drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as Saudi-led campaign enters seventh day .
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges . Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker . He faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child .
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped . Changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers .
Park Inn by Radisson launches new 'virtual holiday' on social media . Customers can travel on a 'holiday' away according to their social channels . From £29 (£21) Includes visits to the Reichstag, Checkpoint Charlie and Berlin Cathedral . New design uses cutting-edge photo manipulation software to create holiday experience .
Health minister Dan Poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg . He lost two inches off his 35in waist and his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent . Cooped up in the Department of Health, he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches .
Government strategies to tackle extremism and terrorism have 'shut down debate' National Union of Teachers said 'we are now expected to be frontline stormtroopers' Delegates at annual conference in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, raised concerns . NUT general secretary Christine Blower said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues .
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, found by police . Her ex-boyfriend Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty . Police found the SUV that was used in her abduction earlier that day .
Predator 'hoos' in particular produced at frequencies below threshold of hearing . This is response to predators but they also duet together in social song . Biologists from University of Durham found they used a different whisper call to when a tiger or leopard was in the area . The findings could provide valuable clues about human speech evolved .
Family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning have been notified by Delmarva Power . The utility says the stolen electric meter was illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November . Rodney Todd, his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . They were last seen alive on March 28 . Court records identified the boys as Cameron and ZhiHeem, and the girls as Tyjuziana, Tykeria, Tynijuzia, TyNiah and Tybreyia respectively 
Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge . The 42-year-old lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000 . He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation . That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes .
Summer Robertson died after being overpowered by fierce currents in December . The 21-year-old had been volunteering in one of South Africa's poorest townships . Fellow volunteer Alice Barnett, 19, died after her body was washed up on beach . Her parents have paid tribute to their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy'
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades . But Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power . Shadow Chancellor left the door open to trapping more middle-class workers . He refused to rule out freezing or lowering the threshold to raise millions .
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome . She assumed partying during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs . But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow .
Karen Davis, 38, from Port Pirie in South Australia was caught on Google Maps Street View . She has been charged with disorderly behaviour and will appear in court at a date to be determined . Ms Davis says the incident was 'the same as someone flashing their genitals' She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday .
Incident took place in Cloverdale, Perth, on Saturday afternoon . Video shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours . A 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences . But the defiant woman insists she was the victim . 'I don't deal with monkeys, go on now you f*****g pigs,' she can be heard saying .
Adam Crapser arrived in the U.S. in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . Now, after a life battling joblessness because of his lack of immigration papers, homelessness and crime, he is facing deportation . Two senators proposing a stand-alone, automatic citizenship bill for adoptees .
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina . He was not dehydrated and refused treatment when checked over . The crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn .
Biography praises Mullah Omar's 'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers . Taliban praise the one-eyed terrorist in celebration of his 19th year as leader . Biography posted just after midnight on Taliban's main website .
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told special session of the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva that 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter' BGoko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity . This comes in response to reports hundreds of women and children were taken from Nigerian primary schools to be used as 'human shields'
Pictures of Australian man Ibrahim Jalloh reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in China have emerged . The two Australians were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014 . Bengali Sherrif has already been sentenced to death, according to the ABC .
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled evidence that proves Jesus did not exist . He says there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived . But he insists the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus .
Chelsea Manning, 27, is serving 35 years for espionage and computer fraud . She sent out 15 tweets on Friday, mostly to thank her supporters . Within a few hours @xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers . Frontman of Rage Against the Machine said: 'Take care, stay strong'
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota . Initially he thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled .
Jeralean Talley of Inkster, 115, was born on May 23, 1899, and credits her long life to her faith . The Detroit-area woman still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits God for her longevity . Gertrude Weaver, 116, died on Monday after inheriting title from 117-year-old Japanese woman .
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds - then went about filming the moment of discovery . But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror .
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington 'reveals Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war' Kremlin officials said to have issued ' spectrum of responses from nuclear to non-military' in response to growing Nato army in the region .
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday and charged with child sex crimes . She was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester, when the alleged incidents occurred . Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 and that the incidents occurred over five months in 2014. However it is unclear how many victims there were . Sanchez - whose maiden name is Olsen - will next appear in court on May 8 .
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions . The agreement aims to prevent Tehran making a . nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief . He also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal . David Cameron and Barack Obama insisted the deal was 'strong'
Lewis Ferguson was tipped to win the 4.20 at the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday . The 18-year-old has been thrown clear of the chasing horses but no evasion after hitting the fence with such force that he pivots . Ferguson had never had a fall like that before and says: 'I was just a bit winded. The only thing damaged is his pride!'
Li Chien, 30, was visiting a local pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county . His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . He grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard . The animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner Tang Chao .
In a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala, individuals with syphilis deliberately infected . The study was carried out from 1945 to 1956, and the victims are now suing Johns Hopkins University for $1billion . Marta Orellana was just 9-years-old when she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease . She was told the lie down and spread her legs, which she resisted initially, but eventually succumbed to the doctors around her . They called her in to take fluid from
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car . The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and chest injuries . He is believed to have escaped from the boot of her car and was 'dragged along the single carriageway' Fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 dogs confiscated .
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler says FBI covered up potential role of high level informant rather than tell the truth . FBI disobeyed direct order not to do so from Congressional Committee set up to investigate killing of King and former President John F Kennedy .
Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised . But the actual figure is 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second . Data comes from the telecoms regulator, Ofcom, which supports the technology .
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them . Altera was valued at $44.39 per share at a total cost of $11,368,000 plus $110,530 for a $0.35 call option . This call option allowed the trader the right to purchase more shares at the cost of $36, even though the value of shares quickly grew .
Donna Oettinger and son Zaki died on train tracks in March last year . 41-year-old tried to kill herself three months before tragedy, inquest heard . She was unable to receive treatment recommended to her by doctors . Mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father had a second family . Coroner said despite family slipping under social services' radar 'nothing could be done'
The RSPCA is considering abandoning its controversial policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case . Decision was made after criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year . The charity stressed its main role is to focus on the rescue, rehabilitation and rehoming of animals, rather than taking people to court .
Gang targeted 21 homes in west London, Herfordshire and Surrey . Police said they treated robbery as 'a profession, a profession' Over 11 months gang broke into 21 homes, taking a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million .
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products after running into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . When her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the popular 'no poo' movement . During those first few weeks her hair was the 'greasiest' it had ever been .
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America . Visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule . The Indian village of Supai is accessible only via a hike through rugged terrain .
Rae Johnston is one of a growing number of Australians dressing up in cosplay costumes . The 33-year-old tech and gaming journalist chose Wonder Woman as her signature . Each costume takes up to six weeks to make because of her empowering character and 'compassion' Ms Johnston was selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's official Australian version of the pop culture convention, the San Diego Comic-Con .
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney . HSSD said following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at Mignot Memorial Hospital and General Medical Council was informed . The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons and no arrests have been made .
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland . It shows a well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking 'everybody ready?' The teacher then takes a second swing and swings the axe straight on to his groin . The video has been titled:How the teacher lost his job .
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest . A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries . The first place in this year's contest was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its project Essence Skyscraper . Main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground .
The British national was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front . Members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week . Two hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
Salvina Formosa wakes up at 5am every morning to exercise regularly . The 101-year-old does weights and sit-to-stand exercises to improve her fitness . NSW Health's program is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling .
A 3-ounce cup of Blue Bell Ice Cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma . The now-recalled product is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company's sales .
Accident happened at around 3.30pm local time on tour boat Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry . Girl thought to have been in toilet when engine exploded and flames ripped through . Rescuers rescued between 100 and 110 passengers and had to be rescued . One person aboard the vessel did die, according to Phuket News .
Kamron T. Taylor, a 23-year-old from Kankakee, somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds in his SUV . He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison . By wearing the guard's uniform, Taylor was able to fool other guards in a master control room who opened three sets of doors for him .
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website . Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night - and the bulk are located in Havana . Airbnb employees have spent three months signing up property owners in advance of the expected crush of American visitors .
Former immigration minister Hakaoro was jailed in January 2014 for working without a licence . This week he has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal . The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of similar complaints, including suggesting he impregnate her as a means of getting a work permit .
Apple has spotted nine job listings on its official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . These include an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . The company defines the Apple Watch battery on its product page . It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . This includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and . a 30-minute workout with music . Apple said it took 1.5 hours to charge the Watch to 80% and 2.5 hours for a full
Gizelle Laurente booked her son, Jacob Prien, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane yesterday . But she was told he couldn't fly because it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child . Qantas said it was 'discriminated Jake. Wouldnt let him onboard because hes Autistic/Adhd'
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall instead of her previous height of 3'8 . The mother has to use crutches, or sometimes a wheelchair, in addition to being three months pregnant .
Rene Schulthoff weeped with fear after mistaking his camera for a weapon . The German aid worker did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs . He realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that 'she raised her hands to surrender' It follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Hudea who surrendered to his camera in a Syrian camp late last year .
With nearly 70,000 followers, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has become a celebrity on Instagram . She is trying to change people’s perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of Somalia that most people have never seen . The 27-year-old’s Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions and humorous photos or videos .
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . He refuses to get down even when the camera zooms in .
Married father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa, 31, will head to Iraq next month . He will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . The 31-year-old was recruited through the Foreign Fighters Against ISIS Facebook group .
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot his six-year-old brother Brady as they made dinner in their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week . He then shot his older brother in the leg then turned the gun on himself . Brother Trevor, 16, attended the boys' funeral in a wheelchair on Wednesday . The boys would've celebrated their birthdays this week; Kevin would have turned 13 on Monday and Brady seven on Friday .
Carlos Colina, 32, faces charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery and improper disposal of a body . Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning . The head of Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville was found in Colina's apartment building across the street . Colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim's head . Authorities have said that
Dangelo Conner, from New York, zapped a metal bracelet while holding it . He collapsed on the floor and began twitching uncontrollably in the background . The video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times .
Crsity Collins checked herself into an emergency room on six occasions . She claimed on numerous occasions that she had bugs in her eyes . The former paramedic was suffering from drug induced psychosis . Her addiction was fuelled by her post traumatic stress disorder . Ms Collins said she should never have been released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor .
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . The practice, which was founded by US entrepreneur Nicole Daedone, borrows much of its philosophy from yoga and meditation .
The IRS held up a list of 298 tea party groups whose applications had been held up for years based on red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' While those groups' applications were held up, liberal groups sailed through the process . Federal tax-exempt status confers on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors . Lois Lerner, the former IRS official at the heart of the tea party targeting scandal, retired late last year with full benefits .
The experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (Jaxa) The greenhouses will contain combined life-support systems which use recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser, helping to grow vegetables for a lunar and Mars environment . It will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the ISS by a SpaceX Dragon capsule on 13 April .
Colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol . The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world . According to drinkaware.co.uk, men should not regularly drink more than three to four units a day .
The most sacred site in the country is perched precipitously on a narrow ledge high above the Paro Valley . Buddhist monuments, known as stupas, are erected near rivers to defy the evil spirits that lurk beneath the water . The only billboard showed a glamorous couple looking as if they had stepped out of a Bollywood movie .
Lisa Colagrossi, 49, was covering a house fire in Queens on March 19 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards . Witnesses who overheard the 'joke' said Colagassi refused to hug Edwards and told her: 'You are the reason I am standing in this church' Edwards is feared at the station, where she has been nicknamed 'Camevil' The family has denied any grudge against either Edwards or the station .
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image to police . She 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported . Holmes, of Chesterfield, Virginia, charged with harassment by computer . Faces Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and $2,500 fine .
Ukip leader said overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous' He added to the confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’ The Conservatives accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’ But Farage has denied his party has made any U-turns on immigration .
Green activists told to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' in bid to win over sceptical voters . Advice also encourages them to compliment people's homes . It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering Liberal Democrats and Ukip .
Karl Lagerfeld has revealed his white Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year . That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models .
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee . The Conference USA official has been considered before for a position in the NFL before she was chosen to start in the league next year . She reffed basketball and high school football before starting officiating after attending a meeting with her brother .
Chris Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Michael Shannon when he was hit by a truck and trapped in his burning SUV in 2011 . Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority resident, was rushed to hospital where he spent more than a month recuperating and was reunited . The two men took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer on Sunday .
It's been nearly a year since Rob seemed to vanish from the public eye . The 28-year-old former fixture on red carpets and social media now rarely tweets and his Instagram contains just one post . He was once filmed trying out to be a model having been encouraged to do so by Kim, Kourtney and Khloe .
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were arrested in April 2013 and accused of harassing and stalking another ice cream vendor . Both were accused of chasing Mr. Ding-A-Ling's truck and playing loud music to disrupt his customers in the small New York town .
Latisha Fisher, 35, allegedly smothered 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands in a Midtown Manhattan restaurant bathroom Monday afternoon . Fisher had a history of psychiatric problems, but was evaluated as mentally fit as last year . She was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty to the 2011 stabbing of her aunt .
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed . Germanwings crash was caused by Andreas Lubitz after he flew plane . He was co-piloting into the French Alps just days before his death . The 26-year-old maths teacher and rescue volunteer brother have fled . They do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the rural town .
Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps . His mother Stephanie offered him $20 to locate the nest but within minutes, the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery . It took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush . The nest is measured at one metre tall and a circumference of three metres after it was located among a blueberry bush and destroyed overnight .
A man, 71, and 64-year-old woman have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday . Initial investigations suggest the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .
Paris Picnics is delivering a picnic to wherever visitors are in the city . The company recommends giving visitors one to two days' notice - but last-minute requests can be accommodated . Each picnic includes cutlery and cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine .
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair . He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in New Hampshire last week . 'When you can't walk, you learn what a gift it is to celebrate walking, climbing, running, whatever it is,' he said .
Tina Campbell, from Welling, London, paid £100 for extensions to look glamorous . But her scalp became infected and she was left with a hole in her scalp . Spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages and had extensions torn off . Says the incident has not deterred her from hair extensions again .
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground as it unexpectedly leaps out . Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain . The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed . To date the winceworthy video of Henry in action in the Ozark Mountains has been watched more than 300,000 times .
Poster urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers . Women’s rights groups say rapists are to blame for sex attacks, not victims . Sussex Police accused of 'victim-blaming' in its anti-rape campaign . Campaigners say police should target potential attackers instead .
The 85-year-old won 212 races in his 14-year career before a crash in 1962 . Speaking to The Daily Mail, Sir Stirling said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' However, he puts his health down to more unusual gym sessions .
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday . Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot . While in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself .
Event was an attempt at breaking the world record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . But it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . Youngsters were squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy meant for kids .
Parking attendant Roberto Cinti was driving the supercar when he mistook the throttle for the throttle in a Ferrari 599 GTO worth £300,000 . The supercar can hit 60mph in 3.3 seconds and is powered by a 6.0-litre V12 engine ordinarily which can propel it to 60 miles per hour in 3.5 seconds .
Female was buried 18,700 years ago in El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain . An engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone, suggesting she lived in an area where her peers would have lived day-to-day . But researchers say she was entombed aged 35 to 40 and lived in the 'cold, open environment of Oldest Dryas' A full skeleton was found at the rear of the cave and placed in a mandible tibia .
This roundup of events will provide fun everyone and make sure the kids are worn out in time for bed . Scotland's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing, egg decorating, storytelling and an Easter bonnet parade . Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle with a special workshop for kids .
Ukip leader says he wants to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before debate . But he admitted that he would break drink ban at 6pm before showdown . He will then head into studio for showdown against six other political party leaders . Farage made bookies favourite to come out on top in showdown tonight .
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she was suffering from multiple myeloma in 2013 . Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her 'medical expenses' and $2,000 for another $2,000 at a bowling alley event . Miss Hudson's friends shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got tattoos of an inspirational song lyric .
Excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year . The Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended keeping the larger limit, but withdrew support for stricter limits for African Americans and people over 50 . Experts on both sides agree that eating too much salt can be dangerous and that Americans are endangering themselves .
Tina Sinatra, 66, said she laughed when he asked her if Ronan Farrow is her brother . He said: 'Couldn't be. Frank had a vasectomy before that. I don't know whose son Ronan is' Rumours about the parentage of her 27-year-old son have dogged the actress .
Fergus Simpson applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on Earth . This means that larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common ants, for example . His calculations are also based on the idea that there’s a minimum size needed for intelligent life, but don’t factor in an alien planet’s gravity . He conclude that most species are expected to exceed 300kg in body mass .
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California . The 71-year-old is described as 'meticulously maintained' and 'elegant' with five fireplaces, a custom-designed chandelier and maids' quarters .
A series of labels have been photographed by the Canadian Fair Trade Network to raise awareness of the horrific plight of sweatshop workers . Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item . The images reveal the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone .
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim she was born on July 1, 1880 . They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement . Current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 . Her death came in the same week as Uzbekistan's Misao Okawa, who died on April 1, a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday .
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range . It signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing . Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts, but following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) In January, the electronics giant estimated an operating profit of 5.9 trillion won ($5.4 billion/£3.6 million) between January and March .
Seven babies and two mothers died at Royal Oldham Royal in just eight months . Separate investigation found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards . Risk management was 'below standard' in some cases, report noted . Officials also criticised the hospital's own investigations, saying root cause was not always identified .
Passenger Christopher Talbot made the awful discovery on a train . He was heading to work on the 7:50am service when he found excrement . The 52-year-old said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service .
The unique psychedelic cartoon is hand-painted . It depicts the submarine from the 1968 film in which the Fab Four travel to Pepperland to save it from the Blue Meanies . Painting was used as a master version from which artists created all other images of the wacky vessel .
The papers bare Charlie Chaplin's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride . The film star was said to have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant . On the wedding night the film star said to confide in friends that the union was a better prospect than prison .
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before . The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with Maxine . She alleged that he helped her into his car and drove her home the next day with a rape kit .
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in Jakarta on Monday . The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the clemency . But attorney-general HM Prasetyo says he will not wait for another court challenge . They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action .
Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave has been created to create the biggest replica cave in the world . The manmade cavern has been built a few miles from the original site . It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features . Cave is the oldest cave decorated by man – and the best preserved, but not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe .
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out the inhaler . She felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged . A neighbour came to her rescue and began pounding her back before calling 999 . After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from her throat and fell out onto the pavement . Ms Hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .
India Mayhew suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted at a riding facility . Seven-year-old was rushed to hospital from hill station but declared dead on arrival . She had been riding just metres ahead of father Gavin, 43, and member of staff .
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400m when he died . Says the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his true wealth . Her husband, known as Black Jack, gambled £1.7million in a single night in 2006 . He died in October 2012 aged 89 and left his entire estate to his wife Ruanne . But she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just £1.7m in secret deals .
Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question of 'how do you eat yours?' He wraps the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried . His 'Pie-egg-ra' dish is oozing from the traditional pie casing which is then served with chips .
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein found guilty of medical misconduct . Tribunal found she had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances 'without exercising responsible medical judgement' Dr Epstein also failed to measure patient's body weight or body mass index . Some patients receiving these medications, such as bodybuilders and bouncers, had a history of abusing such substances . The doctor currently works at Atarmon on Sydney's north shore .
Fans struggled to get to one of only two working bathrooms at Wrigley Field . Cubs admitted as much on Sunday as thousands of fans struggled . 'I've missed two innings trying to get into the bathroom,' said Cubs spokesman .
National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the 2014-15 academic year . About one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means . Officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .
The 40-year-old E! presenter has written about her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell in her memoir Going Off Script . The memoir details her relationship with the TV personality, who she says was 'two-timed for one of the lesser Spices?' The E! star looked defiantly optimistic in a Burberry trench slung over her shoulders .
Mother of two Lindsey Norman bought six pack of £1 buns from Sainsbury's . She said: 'I thought "that looks just like a figure of Jesus with a sign of the cross on his shoulder". It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney failure . Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure, if consumed in excessive doses . The 16-ounce cups of iced tea each day was striking on its own, since federal studies have found that the average American adult drinks about 10 to 11 cups of liquid .
Former boxing promoter, 61, had final sex change operation in January . Had been due to stay in hospital for 10 days but has been released early . She now faces further six weeks recuperation at home in Kent . 'I stand alongside my sisters asking the world to show us respected', she said .
The Milat Letters is a compilation of 94 notes from serial killer to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey . Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992 . In the letters, he tells him about his 'fair share' of 'sheilas', who write 'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed . The 70-year-old was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 to 1992 and burying their bodies in the
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto on Wednesday when the driver lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park's fence, killing the couple . The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide and there is no indication that alcohol was a factor in the crash .
Lara Logan was attacked while reporting on the Arab Spring . She was surrounded by 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir Square seconds after Egyptian colleagues heard men wanting to take her pants off . Was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers . Logan is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area .
The actress has been pictured living the life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of . She dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie . The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged . We are loving them for the upcoming spring season teamed with gladiator flats .
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury . But they apparently made a pact to die together after he developed Alzheimer's . He had been battling plans for a traveller camp near their cottage in Herefordshire . The 71-year-old shot his terminally ill wife dead before turning the gun on himself .
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Fredric Brandt said he had hanged himself on Sunday . The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday . DrJames was reportedly 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Publicist Jacquie Tractenberg did not reveal information about the illness, cause of death or the circumstances of the death .
Experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low . Extending live-in nannies on working holiday visas to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option . Indonesia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world . Federal Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says that's not the solution for increasing childcare problems .
Outage 'briefly had an impact on the White House complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing . White House press secretary Josh Earnest said: 'Things are slowly but surely returning to normal at the White . Power company Pepco said a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible . More than Washington-area customers - including government offices - had reported outages .
Sarah Hamm took a photo of her 101-year-old grandma cradling her new-born great-granddaughter on Facebook two weeks ago . The photo became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa Camfield passed away on Monday . Hamm detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s .
Small 'hot spot' in the U.S. Southwest produces the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States . The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles (6,500 square kilometers) Researchers say they don't know why .
Richard and Angela Maxwell, 67, from Lincolnshire, scooped £53,193,914 . Mr Maxwell said he was shocked when he saw only one ticket had won £53million . He kept the win to himself for four more hours until wife Angela got home . Couple plan to take their family on holiday to New Zealand first class and buy a Land Rover .
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born . After an operation to have her bile ducts unlocked, her parents were told she would need a liver transplant to survive . Her maternal aunt Shanell Reader offered up part of her liver to save her life . Within days, Star's parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge shortly after birth .
Diane Greenberg and her husband Bob, both a devout Catholic, came up with an unusual approach to raising their children . Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, while Bob taught Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania . While Steven remains Christian today, Steven is now agnostic, and his father is less strict keeping up his religious education than his mother .
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving Jeffrey Epstein . But Judge Kenneth Marra today struck out her claims that she was a 'sex slave' Judge said 'lurid' and 'unnecessary' claims should not be struck out . Andrew was allegedly forced to have sex with Epstein at least three times .
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting two police officers on March 12 . All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them . Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center . Prosecutors say Williams told investigators he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else .
Andy Hornby was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 . He was non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which sell patients' details . Patients' email addresses, dates of birth and dates of last prescriptions were sold . Many of those whose details he is selling on are too ill to travel or the disabled . Mail investigation found details were passed on without proper consent .
Orphaned youngsters are doing better after being taken in by retired farmer . Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams introduced to see if they were ready for food . First of badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at Secret World centre . Pauline Kidner, 65, from Somerset, says they're growing at an astonishing rate .
Photographer John Spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland . With over 15km of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures .
Christian Englander, 30, threw a banana peel at Dave Chappelle for the second time on Monday, claiming it was 'just a joke' He was arrested on Monday for allegedly hurling one at a second black man . On Thursday, he was hit in the leg by a man who confronted him about the first incident outside a Santa Fe bar . The man, who claims to be black, said he thought Chappelle's quips were racist, so he decided to throw it again . He said: 'The irony of
Seven antiquities found in Honolulu Museum of Art after visitor recognized name of art dealer's New York gallery as source of 2,000-year-old rattle . Owner, Subhash Kapoor, was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in India . Items include rattle, figurines and architectural fragments worth a total of $150 million . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will take items back to New York and, from there, eventually return them to the museum .
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure . The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services . Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and 
Officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having lined up their target' Shortly after firefight, officer mistakenly fired on police vehicle carrying two other cops . Black pickup truck had been 'erroneously reported as stolen', report states . Fortunately, both officers were unhurt - and bomber was found in boat .
Elijah McCrae, five months old, suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) His mother Jessica has compiled a 30-item bucket list to make sure he lives a full life . The bucket list includes visiting Sydney's aquarium and Opera House by their love for their son and heartbreak at seeing other families having fun with their grown children . 'Just because he can't move his body doesn't mean he'll enjoy life any other way, like the rest of us can,' her mum said .
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde starting last September . Now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison . One victim told authorities she 'had never had a boyfriend, and envied those who had'
A new series of photos of Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book . The photos are taken by Gisèle Freund, a German-born French photographer . Having initially planned to stay for two weeks, ended up staying for two years after becoming friends with the couple .
Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute to his snowmobile . The stunt-adventures group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan . Used wood from an old truck bed and duct tape to make rickety flying machine .
Delta's new pet GPS allows owners to track their pets on a plane . The service is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports . 41 of the 97 reported animal deaths between 2010 and 2013 . Staff admitted they did not know where the prized pets were when asked .
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each were arrested Thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . The three were members of the KKK chapter's 'Exalted Cyclops' or leader . They told an informant they wanted the inmate 'six feet under' Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements .
Former premier visited Noyon Uul in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped Mongolian government . But secrecy surrounding his visit stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition that he is being deployed to encourage Western investment to massively increase gold, copper and coal mining . There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered region around 65 miles north of Ulaanbaatar which has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with burial mounds of the ancient Hun civilisation .
Author Margaret Atwood said Duchess hasn’t lived up to reputation . She said she is right not to follow in Diana’s footsteps, but she's right . ‘I think she’s watching her back, I think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear,' she said .
Babies in the study reacted with surprise when a toy car appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air . They also repeatedly banged it on a table in an attempt to work out its secret . The infants might be smarter than we had previously thought, experts say .
Charlene Bishop went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal . Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries . The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent had no option but to put the distressed pony down .
Doctors warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked . News comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors, with 10 per cent tried to book 34 million GP appointments last year . In some parts of the UK, more than 60 per cent of training posts remain unfilled .
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly stabbing her mixed-breed dog Trixie with a kitchen knife . The dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while Doody is in jail on $1,000 bail . According to deputies, Doody had taken bath salts which can cause severe agitation, paranoia, hallucinations and suicidal behavior in users .
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts . Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused . Jones believes the mishap cost him the fight as he kept thinking, 'Man, my cell phone just fell out in the ring – and on TV!'
Researchers at Gillette cut real skin samples and attempted to rip them apart by pulling them apart . They found that mammalian skin has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in the skin to help it resist tearing . Their research has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never, ever tap your razor on the sink .
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements . Current leader of party immediately distanced herself from comments . Mr Le Pen is founding father of the National Front and still an MEP .
Misty Machinshok, 33, pleaded no contest to raping her 15-year-old daughter . Husband Gary, 29, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse . She 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, court heard . Told friends the teenager got pregnant at a house party in Pennsylvania .
Two Emirates planes allegedly came within 25 seconds of collision . Both planes received a Resolution Advisory (RA) which means the distance between the two planes could have resulted in a collision in 25 seconds . Etihad Airways says it is investigating a 'reported incident' involving one of its planes traveling in the opposite direction .
The 48-year-old tourist used a make-up pencil to write her name and the day's date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral . It did not leave any permanent damage, but she was charged with 'aggravated damage on a building of historical and artistic interest' It's the second time in four weeks that police have charged a tourist for defacing one of the country's top landmarks .
Grade II listed Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel where guests won't mind spending the night . Grotty prison was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes, and is now undergoing a dramatic facelift . The quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms complete with hi-spec en suite bathrooms .
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1 but not everyone got the memo . 'No wonder people are flying other airlines and joining other lounges and joining others lounges' - one customer who did not get the memo about the newly enforced dress code . In February the airline said it began to enforce its 'smart casual' dress code which bans thongs .
One voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry . Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting' while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views' Details released to Press Association under Freedom of Information Act .
A 38-year-old man jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, overnight . The suspect was stopped by police and taken to hospital with injuries to his arm and leg . When firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log .
Four The Block Glasshouses are on the market for April 28 . Hockingstuart agent Mark Konishi has been tasked with the sale . The duo pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes a $100,000 bonus .
Alex Stock, former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature of A Rape on Campus . Said he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . Sabrina Rubin Erdely's discredited story was roundly discredited . UVA journalism professors pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared .
Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London . He was the son of a wholesale grocer and was educated by the Jesuits . The bullying Christian Brothers taught 'the virtues of order, control and precision’ Ackroyd’s entire oeuvre suggests was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt with, on the one hand, the rape and murder of vulnerable women .
Charity Sea Shepherd had been tracking the Thunder for past 110 days . Ship was fishing off the coast of Sao Tope, off the west coast of Africa . Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts after it sank on Monday .
New World Wealth study finds Houston, Jakarta, Mumbai and Ho Chi Mihn City to be rising in popularity . South America boasts multi-millionaire growth of 265 per cent over 10 years . China, China and Indonesia all similarly performed well . Hong Kong comes out on top with 15,400 multi-maires calling it home .
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham on Friday morning after 30 years on death row . Hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from Hinton's home and determine he could not be linked to the crime . The prosecution seemed deemed to take his life from me. They just didn't take me from my family and friends .
Adele Berry was put through to a call centre in South Africa last month . The 21-year-old says she made small talk with the man but nothing to suggest she was interested in him . In one text, the man referred to himself as her 'future hubby' and promised to buy her shoes when he met her . He has now been suspended by Vodafone, which says it has a number of call centres in the UK .
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after 69 days behind bars . The 17-year-old has been accused of repeatedly flashing his backside at a boy, being drunk in public during Schoolies' week on the Gold Coast, being a public nuisance . He was jailed in January after the skate park incident but will now walk free .
The eight-month-old kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford . RSPCA called out to investigate after they heard strange noises from laundry linen container . Sinbad survived 3,000 mile and 17 day journey from Egypt without food and water . The cat has now gone into quarantine in Bristol for four months .
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June . Author Jonathan Maitland said 'people are ready' for the play . He said the public is 'ready' for it to be shown as 'unbelievable' The play has been given to impressionist Alistair McGowan, he said .
Gerry Anderson's son Jamie criticises CGI for lacking 'magic' of classic show . Thunderbirds will return to screens tonight 50 years after the original show launched .
Police opened investigation after Clarkson was filming Top Gear . Victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges against Clarkson . But North Yorkshire Police have now dropped the probe without taking action .
Kevin Perz, a father-of-four, graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri, in 1977 . He sent his onetime home economics teacher Marilyn Mecham a $10,000 check in 2002 . Perz only knew her as Mecham, his son's phone number, when he called Mecham and asked her how long it took to get to that point . Mecham took to her Facebook page to urge others to reach out to someone who had impacted their lives .
Dr Frederic Brandt was found hanged in his Miami home two days ago . The famed 65-year-old doctor was left 'devastated' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of Dr Franff in Tina Fey’s Netflix show . Dr Brandt, who had been suffering from depression, was pictured posing with his shy smile, steady gaze and dark hair . Pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars .
Rita, 24, unveiled her own festival-inspired range, Rimmel: Colourfest Lip and Nail Collection . The collection is full of long-lasting lip glosses and high shine polishes . Kate Moss had to wait almost a decade to get a look from the brand .
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central NSW is being treated as suspicious . The toddler was reportedly choking and struggling to breathe on March 23 . He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but he was pronounced dead shortly after . Police believe that members of the Neilrex community, 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, can help them with their investigation .
Robert Mccombs, of Grand Rapids, Michigan, told a court that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he was a child molester . 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' he testified . The two had breakfast before parting ways with Day, an Army veteran who had struggled in recent years while battling an alcohol addiction .
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum . Said he'd have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer spreading . But in order to make sure the new nose stayed in place, he then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity .
'If Benny and Bjorn laboured under this misapprehension, they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo . When Napoleon saw that things were going badly, he hot-footed it to Paris where he later abdicated . The French-speaking world is less convinced .
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark the launch of the third series of Sherlock . It took a crew of eight hours to complete and weighs 40kg . Cumberbatch, 38, is expecting his first child with wife Sophie Hunter .
David Cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to young first-time buyers . Plans double number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000 . Properties would be 20% cheaper than their market value and reserved purely for first time buyers under the age of 40 .
Two people died in the explosion at 121 Second Avenue in the East Village . Moises Locon, 26, and Nicholas Figueroa, 23, were killed in the blast . In August utility workers discovered that the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, according to Consolidated Edison .
Designer Tanya Heath has designed a range of interchangeable heels . Each heel features a button on the inside of the shoe, in the centre of the heel . A high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches) There are hundreds of varieties available, from high to low, stiletto to chunky .
Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky has brushed off the obsenity and racial slur that he directed at him during a postgame news conference at the Final Four . Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about a Badgers player . The comment ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1 . 'When I realized how this could be perceived I immediately called big frank to apologize and let him know I didn't
Keith Anderson, 28, jailed for seven years at Teesside Crown Court . Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had survived three tours of war-ravaged Afghanistan . But after returning home to the UK he was attacked by drink and drug-crazed . Minutes earlier he had punched another man, injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month .
The body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in Hollywood Hills on Tuesday . The 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, will reveal how he gained admission to medical school in 1998 by transforming his appearance to be an Indian-American man . His sister, Mindy Kaling, has said she is 'ashamed' of him for 'opening up' about his alleged experience . He has also attacked affirmative action policies in the United States .
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers say . It could mean that arachnophobia, one of the most crippling of phobias, represents a finely tuned survival instinct . And it could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin suffered severe bowel damage days before her death . Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and Christopher Arthur Neville Kent have been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . The 46-year-old was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday . Williamson allegedly locked his daughter in a bedroom while he slept during the day, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room . Evidence of the child's blood had been found on Kent's shorts .
Documents claim Britain spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011 . There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to claims . Documents include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government .
Teresa James, 40, believes the discomfort is worth it for a bright smile . Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth . The highest-earning cosmetic dentists made a collective turnover of £1 billion last year .
Pressure on education system has intensified following migration . Local Government Association warns they may not create more places at rate needed . It comes after head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils .
Hannah and Alex New Zealand came back to New Zealand from the UK in 2009, but couldn't afford to buy a full-sized lot . They built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand . The couple has a gorgeous, wood-lined home surrounded by trees and a babbling brook .
Couple thrown into water clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel . Her partner ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself, before diving under vessel to locate flare . Alarm was raised after man spotted couple in water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent .
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at a chemical plant . It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has harmed wildlife .
Dalny Vostok freezer trawler with international crew of 132 sank this morning in the Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula . More than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety . Ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu .
Labour launched poster declaring 'the Tories have made it harder to see a GP' But figures are out of date and the GP crisis is blamed on Labour's GP contracts . A Labour-supporting GP circulated a letter signed by more than 100 doctors . It claimed 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, a University of Iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in Rome in a suspected robbery . He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but died on Sunday at Northwestern Memorial Hospital . Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed .
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said . Monroe County Sheriff's Major Jeff Kemp said the search was arranged after a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock . Miss Bruck was last seen at a Halloween party on October 26 in Frenchtown Township attended by around 800 people .
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and one-year-old Chloe, one . Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 . Condition causes premature ageing, underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . Sufferers usually don't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia . Mrs Barden has already organised both daughters' funerals with her husband . She said: 'There's no cure for what they have'
Teachers put 10-year-old autistic bot in metal cage at a Canberra school . The cage was designed for him to be a 'withdrawal space' while in class . ACT Education Minister Joy Burch described the situation as 'horrifying' 'The abuse or neglect of students with disability is absolutely unacceptable,' Ms Ellis said .
Only three countries in the world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia, all relatively close to each other, have the highest percentage of female bosses . Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women .
China have said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad . The Chinese National Tourism Administration said on its website on Monday that authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China . Bad behaviour will include: disorder on public transportation, flights-damaging public facilities or historical relics, and becoming involved with gambling or prostitution .
Denise and Glen Higgs had all but lost hope after being made infertile . Glen, 35, from Braunton, Devon, used frozen sperm to conceive . Doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment . Couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago and given birth last week .
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, caught on hidden camera . He sneaked into William Tanner's bedroom and took cash from coat . Ms Wrenn, 56, expressed concern that money kept going missing from wallet . But she discovered culprit was a trusted relative and mother to great-grandchildren . While Adams admitted to taking £65, magistrates heard money was closer to thousands . Adams has been convicted of three counts of theft but escaped with £175 .
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York . The Brooklyn Heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all . 1 Pierrepont Plaza will feature Clinton staffers rubbing elbows with federal prosecutor and Morgan Stanley 1-percenters .
Survey reveals the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job . In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80 per cent of people wanted work . By contrast in Estonia, one of least generous, only around 40 per cent did . People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor .
Student is suing under a pseudonym to protect his privacy . He says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman . They frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault . Case comes as colleges across the country are under increased scrutiny .
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican . He also made a nod to recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power .
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric . The series was created by Diane English, the creator of Murphy Brown, who was behind the show for 15 years . English was previously the brains behind Brown, which centered around a female news anchor and ran for ten seasons, winning 18 Emmys .
Hammond, May and The Hamster have been axed from the Top Gear website . The website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig . But the racing driver now appears solo in his white helmet . It comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked by the BBC . BBC say website change is to 'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend . She wept as she watched her son's casket being loaded into hearse outside church . 23-year-old was on second date at sushi restaurant in New York's East Village . Father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My wife is broken'
Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died this week at the Oregon Zoo officials announced on Facebook . His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 .
Men sent sexting questions in Cosmopolitan's website quiz by hand . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett says it's 'OK for other adults but not for me' Education Secretary Nicky Morgan replied: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and spent money on flowers . He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock .
Nu York is a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens - but the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme . The capital is still on the global naughty step thanks to the calamitous economic meltdown in 2009 .
Children posted police picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson online . Three students suspended for three days after sharing mugshot on social media . Memphis school officials justified suspended students by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media' But later overturned the decision, which included confiscating confiscated devices .
Researchers in Potsdam, New York, claim older buildings have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould, which can affect our brains . Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger .
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was reflected on degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an online segment . The anchors, who left no name or return address, said: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group' The pregnant meteorologist is due to give birth in three months .
Labour will launch billboard using image from famous ‘Labour Isn’t Working’ poster . But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’ Post features same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues . Will claim 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in evening and weekends compared to last election .
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100ft cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver . The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours, but miraculously suffered only minor injuries . It took dozens of emergency responders from multiple agencies about five hours to extricate the girl in a remote high desert area west of Strawberry .
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd on June 17, 2013 . His defense team has presented their entire case in just one day . After two months of producing 100 pieces of evidence, the jury will deliberate on their verdict on Tuesday or Wednesday .
Darryl Dewar hugged the woman, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language during a consultation . The woman was having suicidal thoughts at the time and said he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers' The tribunal reprimanded Mr Dewar last week and have banned him from registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling or further education .
Edmund Echukwu, 35, pulled from water at sex party in Radlett, Hertfordshire . Tributes paid to the father-of-three who is believed to be a care worker . Neighbour Margaret Brown, 67, said: 'He was such a gentle person'
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow . The infant then performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own .
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were killed on Sunday . They were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, after box office hit . But driver Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence . He then 'rammed head-on into their car, leaving Jaylene Rodriguez, an orphan' Now, Norman has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, police said . Comes nearly a year and a half after actor Paul Walker was killed in 2013 .
Dimitri Harrell allegedly shot dead Samirria White, 19, at 3.40am on Sunday . He then shot 19-year-old Miss White in the face at close range, police said . Suspect, who had 'trust issues' with Miss White, remains in custody . If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison if convicted of murder . Harrell, who has two children by another woman, has been charged with second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court .
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225, striking a passing public bus . At lower elevations, the storm left only light snow on grass, and roads were largely clear because of recent warm weather .
Showbags used to be given away as method companies used to let potential new customers sample their products . But are the contents worth the goods being paid? The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of the bags as $23.85 . The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, vest and red bandana .
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and husband Henry visited The Bar at The Dorchester in London . Their 15 hotel staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season .
Victoria's Secret caused huge backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' More than 27,000 people signed Change.com petition started by three students . Further days later, US lingerie firm changed wording of the advertisement . New campaign from Curvy Kate recreates famous image using models of all shapes and sizes .
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs . The video shows the youngster backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' 'It makes me want to vomit,' he exclaims later on .
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming . Baby Malachi Elkins was born healthy . Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse . Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over and told her to stop pushing - but she could not .
The Illume ArcLighter, in Canada, uses electricity to ignite candles and paper . Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the lighter . creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers . Its makers are raising funds to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .
Ashya King, five, made a miracle recovery after receiving proton beam therapy . Three centres in Cardiff, London and Northumberland are set to open offering the treatment by 2017 . The first in the Welsh capital is being operational by next year . Comes after the Kings defiantly fled to Spain in a bid to get him to Prague .
Plane was carrying 123 passengers and five crew members from Hanover, Germany to Rome when 4U814 was diverted to Stuttgart . Airbus A319 was nearing the conclusion of its one hour and 40 minute journey when it turned around north-east of Bologna and landed at Venice Marco Polo Airport . Yesterday another Germanwings plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Venice after a passenger and a flight attendant fell ill .
Pete Bennett, 33, won the show in 2006 but has revealed he is now homeless . He was given £100,000 of prize money and released his successful autobiography . But he said he has no roof over his head and spends every night surfing . The problem has also affected seven of his friends in the last nine years .
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie Carnie were thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off . Incredibly the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. Landon is thought to be the first child survivor to visit the crash scene on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City .
Phil Blackwood used Buddha to promote cheap-drinks night in Rangoon, Burma . The 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion . Burmese court sentenced him to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . Human rights campaigners say he has been 'abandoned' by the Foreign Office .
Obama says he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States . 'I firmly believe that the diplomatic option - a comprehensive, long-term deal like this - is by far the best option' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said a new agreement would 'threaten the very survival of the state of Israel'
Prime Minister was pictured eating a hotdog in the sunshine in Poole, Dorset . He was apparently trying to avoid the fate of Labour leader Ed Miliband . Mr Cameron insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing . In a new interview he says he does not change the way he behaves .
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute dozens of times in unprovoked attack . He called two more vice girls over to his family home in Falkirk, Stirlingshire . As Ms Maurer lay dead on floor, father-of-two raped them before they fled . His young son was asleep in bedroom while he carried out the crimes .
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found on Thursday morning in McKinney, Texas . Police have confirmed that he died of a bullet wound . Friends said he had been bullied by older students at the time of his death . Howell had asked for a transfer after being bullied, according to friends .
Ukip leader attacked high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV . Latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas . Ed Miliband branded comments 'disgusting' and ex-England captain Gary Lineker wrote on Twitter: ‘Always reluctant to offer a political view, but Farage is a d***!’
Trevor Duffy, 19, died November 17 after a night of heavy drinking at an unsanctioned frat party . The court papers were filed by two students who were expelled from the University at Albany after he died in November . They were among the 24 sanctioned by the university after their investigation concluded Duffy's death was the result of hazing .
Woman tried to attack police headquarters in central Aksaray neighbourhood . Picture emerges of red-haired woman with rifle strapped to her body . Comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died . It is not known who fired the fatal shots . Separately, police detained gunman who entered Istanbul branch of ruling AK Party .
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan . The apartment is reportedly haunted by the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski, who was killed in a 1932 Berlin car accident . Neighbors tell the New York Post of their experiences with 'dark spirits'
Greg Gibbins was stabbed in the early hours of Easter Monday with a knife . The 28-year-old and 25-year old friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel . Emergency services found them with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am . He went into cardiac arrest but died at Gosford Hospital on Monday . A friend tried to help the fatally injured but became 'victim number two' Tributes have been pouring in on social media from friends and family .
Bus and train used to film scene in which Harrison Ford's character leaps from a prison transport moments before it collides with the onrushing train . Scene was filmed using a real bus hitting a bus in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina . Remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction . The film grossed a staggering $370million .
Leila Alavi was found dead in her car in an underground car park in Sydney's west . The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei . Ms Alavi had reportedly agreed to meet the man on the day she was found . Police alleged that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on her .
Noose was found about 2am Wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the Duke campus . Officials say student identified with information provided by other students . Investigation continuing to find out if others were involved, school spokesman says . Black residents were once terrorized by lynchings on the campus Wednesday .
A goat was taken from a suburban New Jersey road by three policemen around 5pm Saturday . The animal was not injured in the incident, which police are still working to find the owner .
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time when the explosion started . Home is supplied by a propane tank and is filled with propane tanks . Huge blast was heard blowing the back wall and windows out and causing damage to the roof of the home . House will have to be 'flattened' according to her father .
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife . The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11 . Johnson joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic . She insists their intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a 'poacher hunter'
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app, allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched last Thursday . Despite the hype, there are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology . The app is crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app's settings to harass women - including one of her female friends .
Graph shows a trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century, with all colours increasing except orange . The software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online . Martin Bellander, a psychology student, used freely available images for the project .
Norfolk Police continued to look for Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, who has been missing since March 2 . Divers are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the phone of the Longwood University freshman . She was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, roughly 40 miles from the pond searched Friday . Stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours .
One Ebola jab is being given to people living in West African countries . Human trials in unaffected countries have proved successful . Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection . The vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus . Virus has killed more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries, including Liberia, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, the US and Mali .
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving - the culmination of three days of events marking the milestone . A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10 . Queen, then Princess Elizabeth, famously joined jubilant victory celebrations in London and danced the conga through the Ritz Hotel .
Vanilla Ice appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from February . He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in Lantana, Florida . The 47-year-old rapper also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record . His home currently is under construction and is the site of his latest venture, a reality TV show for the DIY Network called The Vanilla Ice Project .
David Hyche invented device when his four-month-old daughter turned blind nine years ago . A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . Hyche passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham this year .
Lib Dem leader said idea of two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' He said it would be a 'messy' way to run the country and risked instability . Clegg hopes to hold the balance of power after May 7 election . Polls have put the Tories and Labour almost neck and neck .
Colin Barnett said 'some good' has come out of the year-long search for missing Malaysia Airline plane . He said the search has helped uncover 'features of the marine bed that many did not believe was likely to exist' This comes as the wife of a passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her young boys why their father hasn't come home . Mr Barnett continued to say that volcanoes have been discovered as well as fresh water lakes and waterfalls .
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip . They were kept like slaves at the Pusaka Benjina Resources fishing company compound . Indonesian Fisheries Ministry issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching . Win Win Ko, 42, left Myanmar four years ago on the promise of a good job in neighboring Thailand .
Shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously . He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause in Leeds . Mr Balls was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A last month . Last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for maths .
Tutor Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with 'model' Rozina Khanim . Incident was discovered by a governor at the £13,000-a-year independent Priory School in Birmingham . Fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair . Ms Khanim, 39, describes herself as a model and has worked at the school for nine years .
Cases of shigellosis, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' traced to people who recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries . Shigella bacteria is already resistant to penicillin and other antibiotics decades before they were common use .
The prickly Australian mammal was spotted paddling out to sea at Victoria's Rye Beach last week . According to Australia Zoo, echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers . Biologists think the mammals evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus .
Legal loophole in official application document on 'private hire driver licensing' TfL: 'No such checks will be made in respect of those who declare that they are in possession of or who have applied for refugee or asylum status' Those from outside EU must provide a 'letter of good conduct' from home country .
13 letters that hung over Yankee Stadium were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000 . But the only person who raised a paddle - for $260,000 - was a Sotheby's employee trying to jump start the bidding . Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
Part-time actor was going through customs from Newcastle Airport to Gatwick . Staff said pease pudding could 'technically' be classed as Semtex - a plastic explosive . Greggs bakery became synonymous with 'pasty tax' introduced in 2012 .
Prime Minister's wife swoops into Rochester and Strood, Ukip stronghold . David Cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick Mr Reckless's 'fat arse' out of the Commons . He is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night .
Naughty Boy - real name Shahid Khan - posted a clip of what was thought to have been Zayn's first single . The clip, entitled I Won't Mind, sent both One Direction fans and one of the 22-year-old's former band mates into turmoil . Especially as the big reveal came . after he retweeted a fan video which said 'Zaughty Will Rise' - an amalgamation of two . and Nifty's names . It said: 'Wow @Naught
The Scandfit Try Size was created to help women decide what size implants to have . It has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’ and comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage . The size 34B bra has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day .
The Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record pursuit of accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days . The vessel issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday . Around 35 crew members were safely rescued after being held in life rafts .
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined in March for refusing to sell flowers to same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed . When asked for flowers at Arlene's Flowers in Richland, Washington, she refused, and the flowers went ahead with a smaller wedding than they had planned . The judge ruled that her refusal to provide the flowers violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws . Supporters compared the money raised to an Indiana pizza shop that raised more than $800,000 in March .
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February . Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later . An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned . Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister . Girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice .
Number of Muslims will increase at more than double rate of world population . By 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with largest proportion of followers in India . Number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151, report claims . It is thought religion will thrive due to its young population and high fertility rates, with an average of 3.1 children per woman .
Belinda Earl, a former Saturday shopgirl, ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum in September 2012 . Today it appears that her hard work has paid off, with general merchandise sales up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses . She is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business .
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today . He was arrested as he entered the UK having landed on a flight from Istanbul .
Short waves collide near the surface creating weak microseismic waves . These combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create a constant hum . In the late 1990s, however, seismologists found the planet doesn't just oscillate following quakes, and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time .
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame last year . Four years ago it was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune . Last year it was played as Hayley Cropper took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering .
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Cherry Hill Starbucks . A surveillance photo posted to his Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest . Gonzalez says the incident is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago .
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the cold-blooded murder of roommate Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday . He killed and mutilated her dog, writing messages in blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did' The victim's mother said they will never properly deal with her beloved dog longer than the defendant .
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole laptop and TomTom satnav from charity . He was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile in 2011 . Charity say Mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up pieces . Mitchell was given laptop and phone when he volunteered for them but did not return them after meeting with his supposed star-studded contacts .
Shaquille Omar Hallisey's attack in Cardiff described as 'savage demonstration of violence in a public place' Victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . Witnesses described seeing three males behind Mr Leeke in Queen Street . They said they heard one say "Walk away or else you are going to get hurt" then saw the defendant smashing a bottle over his head .
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night . On April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized it and would return it to her . She took to Facebook, writing, 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!' The man located her car and notified police .
Janet Muller was found in Ifield, near Crawley, West Sussex, on March 13 . Police have released footage of the 21-year-old in Portslade . Family said her death had left a 'deep hole' in their hearts . German student, from Eastbourne, died of smoke inhalation, according to police .
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left Karen Murray, 31, with 18 injuries . Couple were staying at Stirling Castle when a party was cancelled due to bad weather . When they got back to their room, he began to shout and swear at her calling her a whore and a liar . Murray was unable to call police because of a poor phone reception .
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square . He urged for 'tangible help' from countries all over the world for Christians persecuted because of their faith . Hundreds flocked to the Vatican in Rome for the address on Easter Monday .
The applicant will have to travel to Balmoral, Scotland, for three months . Must order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from kitchen garden and game . Comes after she revealed tastes in food including Special K and venison .
Kevin Franklin, 58, siphoned off £400,001 over an eight-year period . But when he was arrested he told police: 'I played him' He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court .
New York trucker Jack Rivera captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday . Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course .
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight . But the girl was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up . She texted David on the social media app with the words: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy' The tweet has been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited 15,000 .
Prototype of new 10th generation car unveiled at New York International show . Swindon in Wiltshire will become global production hub for next generation five door Civic, supported by a new £200million investment .
Perfectly identical twins have fascinated us for thousands of years . Identical twins are an endless source of fascination, yet they are not truly identical . This means they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else . Twins have a 'looking-glass effect' which extends to the positioning of internal organs . But they also share virtually identical DNA .
The Data Partnership has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines . It calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month . Firms offered to sell personal information to undercover team . They use data from lifestyle surveys completed by cold-called overseas .
Graffiti artists have painted neglected phone booths in China's capital city . Called the project 'Beijing Warmth', they painted 30 phonebooths overnight . Starting at midnight, they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours painting .
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, when he joined the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints . He said he acted on the orders of Warren Jeffs despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls . Other accounts say some former adherents are turning their backs on the church and changing towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property . Jeffs was on the run and being sought as one of the FBI's 'Most Want
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago . But her flat became flooded with raw sewage after a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the building's 239 other flats . She phoned the maintenance people and told them they should get a plumber . Mrs Aresti's toilet began filling up with 'brown lumps' 'It was gushing out. It started flooding the flat everywhere' according to grandson Nico
The Easter Feast contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons . Food is served in half an Easter egg and contains two types of flavoured milk . Customers are treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg .
Flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at Dublin Airport . The landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause of the collision . Two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway resulting in part of one of the winglets being ripped off .
The first hour-long tour through the NGA's current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', took place on Wednesday night . Stuart Ringholt, the tour guide for the retrospective, said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art . 'You don't have the clothing distracting you. And because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one woman .
A kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000 . The bathing boxes were in Brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 . Five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4m x 2.0m size box . In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic's garage .
Rules introduced after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail while on day release in May despite a history of prison escapes . The violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey in 2002 and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims . Justice Secretary Chris Grayling announced that the Government was 'tearing up the system as it exists at the moment'
Bloomberg, 73, was elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row . He is reportedly considering a move to replace incumbent Boris Johnson . Bloomberg's financial information company has offices in London, while he personally owns a $30million mansion . Johnson, who was born in New York City, will have held the position for eight years .
The Waffle is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth . It contains four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four flakes . For those who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded it for free and a winners' T-shirt .
Delphi has completed the longest automated drive in the US, travelling from San Francisco to New York in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle . The team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress . Along the way, the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions .
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet . He also emailed victim a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page . Victim met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had only one date . She 'unfriended' him on Facebook and changed mobile phone number . As a result he set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse . 'He was asking me why I wasn't playing any more, calling me names
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., which is still under a full-vacate order, has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian . The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said it took approximately an hour to coax them out . Two people died and 22 were injured in last Thursday's explosion, which authorities believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line .
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was laying in its front garden in Tarring, West Sussex . The two dogs pounced, dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn . Police are now investigating after a person pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds - leaving the disabled cat to die in agony .
Remington 'Remi' Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, died when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded into flames in March 2012 . The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old . Chrysler agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model Jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks . At least 75 people have died in post-crash fires .
Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 12 . She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs . Battled for six years for treatment on the NHS before finally getting approved . Has had support from celebrities such as Kym Marsh and Ted Robbins .
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola . Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola' Police arrived to find him sleeping in his bed with Lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out .
'Generation of atoms in each molecule represents a chemical make up of the human body at birth,' says Dr Joe Hanson . The Human molecule might contain just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . Scientists say meteorite impacts may still play a key role in giving life a first leg up on the ladder towards existence .
Muslim hate crimes recorded as separate category, says Theresa May . But Muslim groups have hailed the move, which has been hbacked by Islamic groups . In 2013-14, police recorded 44,480 hate crimes, increase of five per cent over same period .
Anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clash during protests in Melbourne . Police were forced separate Reclaim supporters and opposing protesters by forming a separation wall at separate rallies . Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon . It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups mocked protests being held around Australia . 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the protest got underway .
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead . The 62-year-old was pictured making her way through the city centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb . Nevin is Ireland's most infamous woman prisoner and attended an addiction studies course .
Aussie homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals looking for cheap and fast accommodation . Steve York used HomeCamp to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings . The 20-year-old moved out six months ago feeling the financial burden when he moved out .
Nicola Ferguson Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate . An instant poll by YouGov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer .
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger . He claims he was sexually harassed by two male colleagues and that the HR department at CBS failed to reconcile his complaints . Lombombardis claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, allegedly kissed his former colleague at a 2013 work Christmas party and grabbed his crotch . The next day he sent him an email which
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife at their March 29 wedding using his voice . The 25-year-old wrote the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys . Daniel's speech has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride .
The Southern Poverty Law Center filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman . Lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria . The condition causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity .
Olsi Beheluli, of West London, enjoyed 'high life' and gambling with the money . Co-workers matched the same picture to a home he used to rent . West London police seized £24,000 in 'stash house' in Brent, north west London . Bring total of 31 years to the gang including Besim Topalli and Azem Proshka .
Ed Miliband has been mocked for his 'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks during last night's debate in Blackpool . The Labour leader has been likened to cartoon character Wallace - but his looks have proved a hit on Twitter .
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create recipes that will feed six people for less than $6 each . The home cook icon's experiment includes Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots . Her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser .
Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the brand's 50 years in fashion . The celebratory collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties . It features bold Indian Pinks, Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against an orchestrated backdrop .
Wade Robson claims Jackson was a predator who sexually abused him as a child . Robson and James Safechuck missed a statutory deadline when they filed their claims more than a year after Jackson's 2009 death . If Judge Beckloff gives Robson, 32, and Safechuck, 36, a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against Jackson . The King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims, lawyers say .
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 . The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions, according to Icon Versus Icon . Items from those movies, as well as from Michael Jackson's 1988 Moonwalker film and 1983 Thriller music video will all be sold to the highest bidder .
Barcelona ace Neymar scored twice as they cruised past Paris Saint-Germain . Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Javier Mascherano were left with little to do . The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz . Rik Sharma sorted the best from the rest during the match in Spain .
Teachers are set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for children up to seven . Many children are not ready to sit down and do maths when they start school . They want 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times . NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children don't have time to 'come on let's do some work stage'
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . Finally, Jayden's father managed to speak up, saying that hopefully Jayden would be able to get back on the ride one day .
Tyler Kost, 19, appeared in court on Monday . was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . Most of the girls were former classmates at Poston Butte High School . New evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse, says his attorney .
Jamal al-Labani was visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter, according to his cousin Mohammed Alazzani . The Yemeni citizen was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland, though he couldn't . US has withdrawn diplomatic staff and country has shut down most airports . Houthi Islamists have been battling to take Aden, last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour
Today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly switched gender roles and dressed as Danny and Sandy, respectively, from Grease . Savannah, in a leather jacket and sunglasses, was Danny, originally played by John Travolta . Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia’s Chandelier .
At least one of Michael Jackson's alligators from his Neverland Ranch died in a fire at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma . Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park . The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the soo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment he used to record his independently produced television show,
The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant . The methods were used by the food's creative team for rebranding . KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK alone .
Prime Minister will set out case for people keeping more of their own money . He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes with less spent on 'bureaucracy' and 'crackpot Government schemes' He will say it is ‘wrong – frankly immoral – for Government to spend money like it grows on trees’ Treasury analysis shows the changes will benefit 14million working households to the tune of £17 a month . Middle income households earning around £23,000 a year will benefit the most, and the top ten per cent of earners the least.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb . Equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in Edinburgh . Judge Lady Wolffe said: 'The number and nature of the substances and the places you chose to store them lead me to conclude there is no alternative'
Companies active in Argentina are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory . Announcement by British firms that share area could be worth billions of pounds . Comes on 33rd anniversary of Argentina's 33-year-long invasion of islands . Argentina has invaded the islands in the South Atlantic since 1982 .
The same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas over the weekend . A clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . The company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress .
Great British Bake Off contestant Iain Watters has revived the Simnel cake . The fruit-based creation has pistachios, figs and nutmeg seasoning . 58 per cent of the population will be indulging in home baking .
Ile Lout is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers . Up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 (£145/$215) The lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families would inhabit the island with the lighthouse keeper .
Latoya Tilson, 33, fired .25-caliber handgun into crowd in College Park, Georgia . But while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, another hit boy, 15, in the head . Teenager was unconscious on the floor and a bullet was lodged in his skull . He was rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head - he died on Monday . On Saturday, she was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault . She is expected
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s cottage style home in the Central City neighborhood almost two years ago . A church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating and renovated the home . They put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room to honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol-related problems this school year, including the death of a student . Last month, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and one soroity will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol .
David Beckham and Holly Willoughby voted best loved celebrity parents . Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum voted as men we would most like to have as brothers . Ozzy Osbourne and Jonathan Ross came bottom of the list .
Polish government to build watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave . The £2.5million towers will monitor the 124mile long border between two countries . Increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions over Ukraine conflict . Last month, Moscow announced state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad .
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is . They occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce, making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings . Gordon Ewen captured the festive photograph using a telescope at the bottom of his garden .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh had a metal plate inserted over his skull . Botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . But the infestation had saved Mr Lanh's life by eating the infected tissue .
Prosecutors indicted Kim Ki-jong, 55, on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction . On Monday, US Ambassador Mark Lippert was pictured out on the streets flanked by five bodyguards . His left hand is still in a cast from the attack, which took place on March 5 . The recovering diplomat required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand, arm and face that he sustained from an anti-US activist .
Pope told to cut pasta intake to two servings a week and take daily walk . Concerned about his sedentary lifestyle and his considerable weight gain .
Hugh Roche Kelly posted Twitter account of pilot's pre-flight speech . Came as co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately flew into the French Alps . Mr Kelly said: 'There was a tense vibe - some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal' Data from second black box recorder on Germanwings Flight 4U9525 confirmed crash .
Bayern Munich take on Bavara in Tuesday's Champions League semi-final . Robert Lewandowski nets hat-trick as Bayern take 4-0 lead on away goals . Pep Guardiola hails his 115th goal of the season so far this season . Bayern take on Porto in the second leg of the tournament on Tuesday .
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast last week . Said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in ocean . But doubters have questioned how he seemed in such good shape after ordeal . Jordan declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder .
The four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually . Will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . The final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015 .
Molly Wood, 74, died after burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward', trapping her under the wheels . Her sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured in the incident . Coroner: 'Mrs Wood was standing in front of the vehicle while her sister went for a ticket'
Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer . Stars in beachy campaign for his clothing range, Jam Industries . Andy also co-owns surf school in Devon, where he is an instructor .
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG at the Nou Camp on Saturday . Murray watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts 2-0 with retired tennis player Ross Hutchins . It's the second time Murray has watched Luis Enrique's side during his time in Barcelona in less than a week .
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment . Kroeger appeared on SNL from 1982 to 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus .
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and Aaron Tate, 29, left their daughter on Friday night . A patron from a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio, dialed 911 after seeing the baby was left alone and called police . The mother refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby', another worker said .
Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device . It moves it through specially designed channels before blasting via a turbofan . Alternatively, the Q has a '1/f fluctuation' function that reduces the force of the air flow, and sends 'natural wind' that mimics breezes . Air is drawn into the 'Q' using small inlets on the rear and are driven by the so-called impellers or bladed fins.
State trooper Billy Spears posed for picture with Snoop Dogg at South by Southwest in Austin . His bosses called the trooper a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with killing the girl's mother, Cheryl, 54 . Cheryl was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after driving her daughter and Barnes from a concert . Jamie Silvicek text him hours before the slaying, 'I want her gone' Barnes was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the killing and was previously charged with homicide .
Al-Qaeda member stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison and freed 300 inmates, including one of their leaders . Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, according to reports . advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes .
Jamie Carragher believes John Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League . Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday . Blues boss Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance as 'absolutely amazing'
Stuart, 33, claimed he picked up chlamydia from car exhaust rather than cheating . Ex-girlfriend Linda, however, turned out to be his girlfriend instead . He burst onto the stage to deny he had used the bizarre excuse . Kyle unearthed a series of lies that belied his denials .
Neil Bantleman was found guilty of sexually abusing three boys at Jakarta Intercultural School . He kissed wife Tracy before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down in Jakarta today . His supporters insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in Indonesia . Prosecutors sought a 12-year sentence for the 'psychologically damaging' abuse .
Jayla Currie, from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison, a system that was established in 2008 . The mother-of-one has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession .
Jasmine Midgley, from Stockton-on-Tees, was born with a birthmark . But within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to notice it was cutting off her air supply . The seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her . Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper .
Chancellor said he wants a 1980s-style property 'revolution' after years of declining home ownership . He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes . Since 2010, there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
Knox has said she will work to overturn miscarriages of justice . Says she will lobby for others who were jailed 'because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one's life' She and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of 21-year-old exchange student Meredith Kercher . Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty again .
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million . Standing just feet apart, the houses boast an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views . Buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom . They occupy a prime position on the south east corner of the millionaire's enclave in Poole, Dorset .
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, told Lueneburg state court seeing former SS officer in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' Remarks come after another Holocaust survivor forgiving 'bookkeeper of death' Groening faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted on 300,000 counts .
Queretaro playmaker Ronaldinho scored twice as they defeated Tigres Monterrey 3-0 in the Liga MX clash . Lugo Aranda's 56th-minute goal put the home side in front . Esqueda Tirado added gloss to the scoreline four minutes later . Leon rescued a 1-1 draw with second-bottom Leon .
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer in April 2009 . After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents . But 10 months later, Mrs Newton, from Fleet, Hampshire, became pregnant . She and husband, Chris, 34, tried IVF using a donor egg but it failed . Ten months later they were astounded to find she had conceived baby Sebastian . Baby Sebastian was born last April after chemotherapy took her hair away . Mrs Newton said: 'It was
James Weld paid £15,000 to bring an end to three-year stand-off with Natural England over who was responsible for the coastal path . Previous steps that lead to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 . Landscape bosses say they became 'utterly fed up with the bureaucracy' and are ignoring advice given to them on how to manage tourist hotspots .
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school . Around 100,000 pupils a year don't pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school, when they are 12 . David Cameron said these children will be given extra help and support .
TripAdvisor compared the cost of room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations . Study found that guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka for the same price as a club sandwich in Zurich . Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations - Sofia, Kiev, Warsaw, Budapest, Prague and Moscow . Bulgarians can expect to pay £276.61 for a four-star hotel stay and in-room dining .
Martyn Reuby, a Unite member for 42 years, claims he was sacked by the union after complaining about being employed on zero-hours contracts . He was employed to deliver Unite courses at string of colleges in London and South East . Employment tribunal ruling is major embarrassment to the union, which has led campaign against use of zero hours contracts, which it says amount to 'exploitation' Comes as Ed Miliband is left embarrassed after biggest backer was accused of employing workers .
Francesca Weatherhead, 25, was killed in a crash at an intersection in Redford, Detroit . Her death caused outrage when parolee John McCallum, 27, was released . Had been eligible for parole in September 2013 but was held longer because he needed to complete a violence prevention program . But he was released just months later after authorities decided he successfully passed a program to commit burglary .
April lunar eclipse is set to turn blood red this Easter weekend . But in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow, the Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast . The next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on April 4 and September 28, 2015 . Sydney Observatory astronomer Andrew Smith said this could be one of the shortest eclipses . Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange .
If anyone won the debate it was the women rather than watching real people . Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder in his après-Paxman mode . Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage, ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life . She chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett’s Journey' and other social media . The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February . Her daughters, Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody, say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened .
Hannah Campbell, 30, was struck down with mystery illness after blast in Basra . Condition caused stomach to rupture, leaving her fighting for life in intensive care . As she struggled to recover, her relationship broke down with long-term partner and Lexi-River’s father Anthony McMorrow, 32, a marketing consultant, making the relationship their priority .
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique . New images have emerged of the Irish star, looking a little more unkempt . The actor appears to have a much thicker chest of hair in images shot to promote another BBC series Being Human .
Sturgeon hailed as shock winner of TV debate by one poll . Average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead . Tories rushed out poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon's pocket .
Robert Dellinger, 54, told the court during his sentencing that he has 'never been suicidal' during the December 2013 crash . He drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV . The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29 .
61 per cent of US adults have admitted that they don't extend invitations to friends and family because of their 'home shame' General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects rank highest on the list of embarrassments .
Josh Mason said his own party leader Nick Clegg was 'not the most popular' He said a visit from the party leader to Redcar would 'do us any favours' Lib Dems issued a 121 word statement on Mr Mason's behalf praising him . Mr Mason said: 'Nick has shown real guts as our party leader'
Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex viewed 235,000 times . Storyline shows a woman dressed as a school girl has sex with a man on train . Scene is apparently set in the 1940s and then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage . Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision .
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes three daily servings of wholegrains and salad . It also contains an extra vegetable and a glass of wine . For those that followed it moderately, it lowered the risk by 35 per cent .
Benjamin Netanyahu said deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror' Thousands danced in the streets to celebrate landmark deal in Iran . But Israel issued series of dire warnings, saying it would threaten his country's survival . Barack Obama hailed agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in Switzerland .
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature' which is its unique chemical fingerprint . Team have already patented the optical part of the system, which is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology . For each pixel in an image, a hyperspectral camera acquires the light intensity for a large number of different spectral bands . Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim .
Prince Harry will take part in 'indigenous engagement' programmes . He will arrive in Australia on the 6th April and split time between Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth . The 30-year-old will tour the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier before meeting the public .
Emma Jackson, 28, was subjected to vile abuse by her neighbour Mark Ray, 56 . Had been warned previous tenants also had trouble with Mr Ray, a liar . Ray waged year-long campaign of terror and was stalked by Ms Jackson . 'I got this explosion, this tirade of abuse,' says the former photography student .
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana, took abortion drugs to cause a miscarriage . She arrived at hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana soon after giving birth on July 13, 2013 . After arriving at hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant . Medical staff found umbilical cord attached to her and she told medics she had delivered a baby in her home . Officers recovered body in a dumpster behind Moe's Southwest Grill . According to Pathologist Dr Prahlow, the body was 12.2 inches long and weighed 1.46 pounds 
New menu features two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel and one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun . Cardiologist: 'Many of these calories are considered "empty calories" meaning that they have little or no nutritional value' In the US alone obesity and obesity-related illness accounts for a $150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually .
Lauren Bacall's personal mementos fetched $3.64 million on the auction block at Bonhams New York earlier this week . The screen icon died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park, which is also on the market for $26 million . Among the most valuable were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which brought in $173,000 - three times more than expected .
Both dogs were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis . After six months of rehabilitation, both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored . Jasper underwent entropion surgery to reshape and remodel his eyelids as well as major dental work - both dogs managed to find a loving home with Alison and Matt Rowe .
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a taxi . The mother-of-two was left with a broken hip following the incident last year . 51-year-old has received two payouts and is undergoing counselling . She was struck by one of Derby's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages .
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night . Neither player was happy with referee Milorad Mazic after being booked and due to accumulation of yellow cards will not be present during the return at the Santiago Bernabeu . The former Atletico Madrid right-back was frustrated with the Croatian's physicality and thew a fist at Mandzukic .
Andy McIlvaine proposed to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger on a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October . After he sent a note to the airline's CEO thanking them for a $100 voucher, they threw in another pre-wedding treat: a wedding shower at Baltimore-Washington International Airport . Her mother, mother, and her sister, Southwest gathered more than 100 passengers, crew members and staff from other airlines with 500 roses, champagne and signs .
Students in north east China are being forced to eat their lunch everyday . The school has banned packed lunches and erected metal sheeting to prevent smuggling . Pictures of students sitting on the sidewalk have gone viral on Wechat, China .
Ed Miliband faced further humiliation after plus-sized blogger withdrew support . 100 business leaders had criticised Labour's letter calling for Labour government . But plan unravelled today as more signatories appeared to switch allegiance . Callie Thorpe Right listed herself as a receptionist, but online she also writes . She wrote: 'I honestly believe that Natalie Bennett was wonderful'
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet . His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him . On Friday, a U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information .
Kathryn Beale is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . Along with some 60 other specialists in this country, she whizzes it into smoothies or into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . The 41-year-old mother-of-two is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff .
On loan player Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the Millers' 1-0 win . Steve Evans claimed the Derby man's youth loan had been extended . But he was not involved in Saturday's 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough . The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel who hope to rule .
Teacher Kathy Mooney, a teacher for 27 years, questioned Christie's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil which could have contributed drastically to the state's pension plans for teachers . The state originally asked for $8.9billion, which the governor says would have had a huge impact on public employees . 'I wanna know how you know that?' Mooney asked, but not before he was cut off .
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is an ally of Bo Xilai, the top official jailed two years ago over the murder of Briton Neil Heywood . He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed . The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit any high level wrongdoing .
A 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges . Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, near Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday . Five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . The victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . Driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder .
Shia paramilitary fighters have burnt 'hundreds of houses' in last two days, official said . It comes as Iraqi forces are ordered to oppose vandalism in city of Tikrit . 'Our city was burnt in front of our eyes. We can't control what is going on,' said official . Militiamen have spray-painted names of groups on homes, shops and other buildings .
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page . In the pictures, the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car . It is unclear this was an action taken by the car owner or done on purpose by the highway patrol team .
The Royal Horticultural Society has urged people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife . 95% of people think being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood, says survey .
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES . 25-year-old Kadeem Brown was knocked over by a passing cab in the Bronx . He slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop . His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark, five . Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before .
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested as he tried to meet up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . Kane, 46, is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters . He posted a Craigslist ad looking for a daddy/daughter relationship online and showed up to meet her at a local theater .
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . Police found a bag of marijuana in his backside as he was being strip-searched . He was charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison .
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson from Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006 . They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, science degree in neuroscience, master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering . Through their own research they found that he had dropped out of college and had been arrested for burglary, and that his pictures had been doctored to remove a large mole from his cheek . Aggeles was charged with one count of burglary in 2005 and his case was
Mohammad Liaqat launched 'racial abuse' at white staff at school . 34-year-old objected to strict uniform policy at school which stated pupils could not have beards . He launched into 'racist tirade' at school staff during rampage . Xavier Bowers, headteacher at Mount Carmel High School, remanded into custody .
Researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the Ross Ice Shelf . The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . Technology developed for Icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets, namely Europa .
Kayla Mooney, 24, turned herself into police on Tuesday at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut . She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with a male student off campus last year . Following the accusations, Mooney was also put on paid administrative leave on February 10 and was released without bail . Mooney is only in her first year of teaching science .
Under-25s saw wages rise eight times faster than over-50s, figures reveal . In 2009, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs, compared to just 1.2% of 50-64 . Experts said growing gulf could signal reluctance by employers to train and promote older workers .
Figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre show that 22.0 per cent of current GPs gained their qualifications overseas . But the figure is 71 per cent in Barking and Dagenham, east London, 63 per cent . in Medway, Kent, and 58 per cent from North Lincolnshire . The NHS employs 40,584 GP, of whom 8,941 are from overseas. This is up from 6,921 in 2004 when there were 34,855 family doctors in total.
Jan Hansen's Easter egg is so big that it took him three days to put together . It had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . The 58-year-old chocolatier commissioned an iron worker to make a special frame for his egg .
The 'blood moon' is the third in a series of four blood moons . It began shortly before 5am PT on the west coast of North America . The moon skimmed the upper part of Earth's shadow, making it the shortest eclipse of the century .
Team created a model 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial . HIV infects CD4+ T-cells, which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases .
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes . Money collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration . According to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money the TSA are allowed to keep it .
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters . A tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy . Canterbury fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs with life-time bans . Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands .
Daniel DeMarco, 28, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . Police on scene believed he looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel . He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI. He is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday .
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . Letter, signed by heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron . They claim there is evidence that the most successful education systems benefit from schools with academy-like freedoms . Senior Lib Dems also accused of suggesting they no longer support freedom for acdemies .
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on . He was allegedly bashed by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin . The man's 22-year-old girlfriend Rachael Sheppard said he just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky . Officers were called to the McDonalds about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
YouTube user Joe Penna solved a whopping 1,296 Rubik's Cubes 961 times . The elaborate video features a robot building a spaceship, going off into the atmosphere and finding love . Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three and four days to complete .
Mike Holpin, 56, claims he has 40 children by 20 women . Alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care . If they had completed one year in care each, it would leave taxpayer £2.4million . He would also have been able to claim £500,000 in child benefit and £800,000 in child tax credits . But ex-wife Petrina says ex-husband: 'Feeling Asshamed is nonsense'
Pro-anorexia sites will face a year in prison and fine equivalent to £7,000 . Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law . Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexxia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls .
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay . Young workers who earn up to $50 an hour will not be able to earn money this weekend . The Too Big To Ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed .
Pat Ingles, 69, loves to go out drinking until the early hours . The retired hairdresser loves to hit the town at night and hit the gym . Thanks to keeping fit and active, she feels confident about her appearance .
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth at Puckett's Boat House . When she spat out mouthful she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . As naturally-occurring pearls are rare, it's expected to fetch a princely sum .
Fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion brands to the test .
More than 200 prisoners have been set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in Islamic State captivity . The prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect .
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich crop . The images span over China, Thailand, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia . They show the full cycle from the primitive sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes for consumption .
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all 13 Ivy League schools including Yale, Harvard, Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Pennsylvania, Princeton, Johns Hopkins, NYU, Vanderbilt, and SUNY Stony Brook . His winning essay described the struggle of fitting in after emigrating to America . It comes a year after another high schooler from Long Island, Kwasi Enin, was met with the same news .
An eighth grade boy started a blog called Killing Children on a writers website . The 11 chapters were published online up until January this year . Some of the stories were given names like 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' Despite outrage, the boy was allowed to return to school last month, and the District Attorney has confirmed no charges will be laid .
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder in David Messerschmitt's death . Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' entering the Donovan Hotel where the married lawyer was found dead in his DC hotel room in February . Gallmon was an 'exemplary student' at Forestville Military Academy in Maryland . He was found stabbed in the back at his hotel room with multiple credit cards strewn about .
Ashy Bines has admitted some of the recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites . The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube . It comes as Ms Bines reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . She revealed she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was 'better qualified' to give advice .
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complaintant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim . Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them . The Information Commissioner's Office and Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns between January 2013 and July 2013 .
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) reported that it found 'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety . Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia . The regulator claims to have made contact with the airline for 'further detailed information'
RunBase is a shoeseum of sorts: part shoe store, part museum and shoe-seller Marathon Sports . But it differs from locations from Tokyo to Prague, as well as the Nike store nearby . Runners can gather before going for a jog by the Charles River .
Donna Hussey, 32, was helpless when a runaway trailer mounted the pavement and crushed young son Freddie against a wall . The three-year-old was taken to Bristol Children's Hospital but died shortly afterwards . Driver Tony Davies avoided prison after admitting causing death by careless driving . His father Scott, 37, blasted his six-month driving ban and 200 hours of community service as a 'joke'
Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise Muslims . Officer from Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit . Those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in community . But 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said .
Prolonged ‘Altamura Man’ skeleton was found in a cave in 1993 . Proves he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old and was left in such a peculiar spot . Team say samples of DNA have also been retrieved from the sample . Because of the age, the samples represent the oldest such samples ever recovered from Neanderthal remains .
A New Zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion's den during feeding time . During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle . 20 people climb inside to have lunch with the lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban . He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped . His relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home in March . Getty is a director of the jewellery company run by his wife Sabine Ghanem .
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday at the M Resort in Las Vegas after he set his car on fire . Sent 270 page package to the Review-Journal complete with two hour DVD to explain why he shot himself . Included in the detailed package was a DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse', wishing harm on the women he blamed for having him banned from the casino . In the video, Noble bemoans the loss of his lifetime buffet access which
Diane James insists Ukip is 'not at all' a one-man band if Farage leaves . Insists there are future leaders waiting to 'put their hats in the ring' Nigel Farage has vowed to stand down if he fails to win Thanet South seat . Private poll paid for by a donor but poll put Tories on course to win . MEP named Paul Nuttall, Douglas Carswell and Suzanne Evans as potential leaders .
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio and her dog . Prosecutors revealed today that he reveled her talking about the pain he inflicted on her . He is also accused of killing their third roommate with a knife and killing their dog, and writing messages in blood on the wall . This comes just days after his lawyer argued he is not competent to stand trial following an alleged assault on a woman last October .
Victor Albert Prout developed the negatives in a dark room on his boat as he sailed along the River Thames . Most of the images capturing the landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today . The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000 .
Dozens of Bangladeshi migrant workers sacked and deported for staging 'illegal strike' 1,800 workers at Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile factory went on strike last week about their pay, harsh treatment, food and concerns about a missing worker . 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs .
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects . They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced . Badgers tend to raise their leg to urinate at full moon, to mark their territory before mating .
University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College . The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning . Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses, including bachelor degrees in health sciences, liberal arts and science, visual arts, music and oral health . Staff were worried about how the course was being advertised as an alternative to completing the HSC . 'We really think education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it
Peter Thurston, 80, built a caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce . The 'catamavan' has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet and two tables . It has a small engine that reaches four knots, so the boat won't sink even if it gets a hole as he travels up and down the same stretch of river .
Changes to Brussels accounting rules could bump up the bill even more . Britain met the controversial target to spend £11.7billion on foreign aid . Spending on aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years .
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules . HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils are ‘over-interpreting’ legislation . Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside .
Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as the current treatment, Lucentis . BMJ: Firm has consistently tried to ‘undermine and divert attention’ from trials . Findings from clinical trials suggest Avastar is safe and effective in treating AMD – but it costs £70 per treatment compared with £740 for an injection of Lucenti . Earlier attempts to ‘derail’ a second publicly funded UK trial .
Labor senator Penny Wong shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning . Her partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday . It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011 .
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained . The research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years .
Audi pulled out from Whitchurch road, Chester, in January 2012 . Collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus . Driver would admit full liability, allowing passengers from bus to submit claims . John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed crashes . He processed 218 personal injury claims - totalling more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers .
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months . Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident, including where or when it happened . Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash . But they were adamant that 'HMS Talent struck ice' rather than a Russian sub .
Machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson . Large Hadron Collider was shut down two years ago to double its energy . Machine is now running at a low 'injection' energy of 450 giga-electron volts .
Many of the super-rich are having them built — complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders, eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems . Celebrities with a home cinema include the Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich . A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’ The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over
uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west, was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million in mid-March . Wikileaks Party founder John Shipton managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday . Property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door .
Managers from London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne . They were recruited on the back of practical demonstrations on dummies . The selection process, held at five-star hotels, was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time .
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb . He went on to develop pneumonia, suffer a collapsed lung and 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . The tiny baby, not much larger than a can of soft drink, was able to touch his mother for the first time .
Raising retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners because they die younger, SNP leader says . She issued demand for huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension . Parts of Scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the UK .
Detective Patrick Cherry was caught on video screaming after an Uber driver hooted at him . New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation after footage of the incident was posted online . Video of the outburst was viewed more than three million times on YouTube . 'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference .
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal in a televised statement . He said: 'A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel' The deal set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium . They will also be subjected to inspections if found to be in violation of terms . The deal does mean Iran's nuclear program will be able to operate for the next 10 years .
35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities . Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine . This comes just days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon .
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly deliberately veered his car into a tree at 84mph . Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck, court hears . Prosecutors allege that his wife Tracy Walters died in hospital two days after the crash .
Police said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina . Vice president for student affairs said anyone found responsible for 'committing this act of intimidation' would be held accountable . Duke students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated .
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . Move is expected to drive a spike in production in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands . As a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers .
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in Cairngorms . The 42-year-old grappled to find handholds and footholds in the rock face . He admitted there had been times he had fallen and had 'really close calls'
V Stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch in LA on Thursday . This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts from her ex, embattled Clippers owner Donald Sterling . The identity of her male companion is not yet known . Meanwhile, Shelly laid out some of the items in a court document including a $1.8million home, $1.2million in cash, $400,000 in cars and even a $12 lace thong .
The 'I Love Lucy' statue of Lucille Ball was unveiled in 2009 in Celoron, New York . Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one .
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates as the terrorist group stormed the prison he is being held in . Pictures posted online show him grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla .
Actress is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise . At 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . Marysia is a swimwear brand started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysisia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009 .
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism . Comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 . The move is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea .
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout . The move is in public contrast to the national scouting organization's ban on openly gay adult members .
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion . Instagram: Brace yourself to wade through hordes of tourists and avoid getting other cameras in your shot . The Louvre attracts 9.7 million visitors a year, more than any other tourist destination .
Experts believe tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants . Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light, meaning that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways . Around five per cent of homes in the UK have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage .
Unidentified man entered U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday . Handed cashier a note demanding money at the bank in California . Compared to Mrs Doubtfire from 1993 movie of same name starring Robin Williams .
A huge sandstorm has caused chaos in the United Arab Emirates . Flights bound for the city's international airport have had to divert . People are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside .
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the four-room pigeon house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . He spent more than $40,000 fighting the city in court, but in late March a district judge did not sign an order to stop the demolition .
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . President Obama said he's 'sad' and he 'can't explain it, why am I so sad? 'They're leaving me'
The cardboard gnome was signed by all four Beatles members after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band . The model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector .
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, died suddenly on Tuesday morning after feeling ill on Monday . Her father, Tim Small, contacted the school on Tuesday to let them know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating the cause of her death but no cause has yet been given . Public Health and school district officials do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students, particularly because last week was spring break .
Tests on mice given Alzheimer's disease coloured substance AZDO5030 . Test was carried out by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca . It worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory - which was lost during the course of the disease . Study has led to the launch of human trials to test test the drug .
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia . The hospital initially refused to put him on the transplant waiting list because doctors said he would be 'non-compliant' with the treatment . Stokes had been given just six to nine months to live when he received the transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta in August 2013 . His family and civil rights groups alleged that his school grades and brushes with the law were the real
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Herts., had a large but benign brain tumour behind her left ear . Surgery was the only option . But her facial nerve, wrapped around the tumour, was damaged . It was still a shock seeing her face in the mirror - the left side was droopy .
Man stabbed bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before Easter weekend . The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries . It is believed two men had been removed from the venue on Swanston Street when they allegedly assaulted two male staff members at 10.13pm . At about 10.53pm, one of the men returned to stab the North Melbourne man in the back before running from the scene . In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was attacked in Melbourne .
Builders in Turkey have found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia . The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project . It is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases and ancient subterranean hideouts .
Two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old . She was filmed as she lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball .
Amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee . Zoe Dennise Prince claims she suffers from a permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride . She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst using the ride, according to the lawsuit . Ms Prince is suing Dreamworld for $193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future .
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy . Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section on her during labour . His heart was monitored after arrival but midwives ignored or could not interpret CTG trace - which detects foetal heart rate - correctly . James was in labour when she was admitted to Lincolnshire Hospital in 2002 . High Court ruled that Ms Adams needs to pay £14.6m for birth injuries . It is the largest ever medical negligence payout in history - court-ordered award .
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paint to transform herself into a rabbit . The final result took her three hours to achieve after simply googled pictures of bunnies, picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face .
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham wielding an axe . But he was foiled after the shopkeeper heard his demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor . His wife, Sab Dhillon, appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and managed to subdue him further . He committed his first offence at the age of 11 and in the next five years went on to commit 1,000 crimes .
Gul Ahmad Saeed 'shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday after they appeared to be reluctant to give her permission to marry' He is alleged to have shot dead his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match .
Gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose shop . They then fled police in a stolen Audi RS7 at speeds of up to 145mph . Police tracked the gang to a block of flats in Tamworth in Staffordshire . Found after a helicopter followed gang as they tore up the M42 in the stolen car . Gang were jailed for conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking .
Lisa Williams, 49, struck taxi driver David Coleman three times with hammer . Two families had been 'neighbours at war' since Colemans moved in next door . Court heard Jonathan Williams had smeared mud all over the Coleman's front bay windows . Williams convicted of unlawfully wounding Mr Coleman after trial in 2007 .
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, won wrongful arrest case . Council worker was interviewed by Ruth Langsford on This Morning . She recalled how she was handcuffed in front of daughter Aimee, now 19 . But the worst part was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question .
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found . The Pi Kappa Alpha house at the University of South Carolina has been suspended . Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning .
Mexican artist Frida Kahlo penned the love letters to Jose Bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was recovering from surgery in New York . They were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose until his death in 1995 . The archive of passionate love letters were passed down through different generations of his family until they reached the current owner .
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online . Former councillor used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films . Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood .
Disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the UK, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body . Latest study gets to the root of the spread, and could mean better outcomes for 42,000 men every year diagnosed with the illness .
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016 . 'What will we do with all the d*****bags in singlets?' said Adam Connelly . More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at events around the country between February 28 and March 9 .
Fossilised cone snail shells are up to 6.6 million years old . Researchers used an ultraviolet light technique to reconstrcut the patterns . Shells were in colourful streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots .
Two Ryanair planes collided on taxiway at Dublin Airport this morning . Passengers on board both planes were taken to the airport by bus and put on replacement aircraft to continue journeys to Scotland and Croatia . Ryanair pilot Shannen Murphy said: 'There was a jerk in the plane which felt like we had gone over a really big pothole'
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . He then says he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, and drove for several blocks at breakneck speed . The driver named Robert Muller was arrested for menacing behavior, harassment and cracking Muller's windshield .
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report saying she was groped by Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein . The delay was because the Italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to land her a film role, sources told the New York Post . But her former lawyer, Mark Jay Heller, withdrew from the case as he was concerned he did not appear to be a 'serious victim' Weinstein, who has produced several Oscar-winning films, is said to have met
Labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’ And in handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘use the people at home’ Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios .
Luo Kun Kun was expelled from his village when residents signed petition . They signed petition to banish him to 'protect villagers' health' Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him . He was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact . Now he has been admitted a place at a specialist school in Linfen, China .
Mark Jones is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at her home . She died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on November 16 . The next day the child was being looked after by her grandfather while her mother went to the cinema .
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver . The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence . It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44 .
Woman is thought to be in her 60s at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley . Her body was discovered at 10.21pm on Sunday in the marina in Warren Lane . Police arrested a man in connection with her death before being released on bail . Officers say the investigation is in its 'early stages' and are investigating .
The 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108 . The new owner will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, their own private grand foyer and glass elevator . More than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since Australian 108 went on the market in February . It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites .
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council . The couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support . Three years later when she bought a house, she claimed to be a private tenant . She also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related . Couple pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify change of circumstances .
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to protect safety concerns . The firm has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles . He brings with him an extensive portfolio of experience in cyber crime security .
Passengers will be able to take a selfie and share their experience on board . Virgin Atlantic is also developing 'SkyhighSelfie' spots in the cabin to offer passengers a bespoke selfie spot . The apps also offer mood lighting to help with jetlag, mirrors in the bathroom and full length windows in the toilets .
The F-35 Lightning II is estimated to cost $1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years . Each custom-made piece of high-tech headgear costs nearly half a million dollars, which is reportedly millions over its original budget due to development problems . All the pilots need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor .
Tracy Morgan appeared to strain and wince as he was spotted out with his family in New Jersey on Monday . Comes almost a year after his horrific auto accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair, who died in a tragic accident . Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg,a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident, which left him with a brain injury .
Allie Davis, 21, posted the results of the ten-question stunt on Twitter . Her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent . She asked him to take a written exam on Beyonce to stay with her .
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Wednesday night while talking to his wife in India . Emergency services were called to the unit block at 1am however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years .
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Hollywood producer, 63, asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office on Friday night . He 'refused to deny doing what she said he did to her,' a source said . Weinstein voluntarily went to police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the investigation .
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in his right eye following a January accident that left him battered and bruised because 'I can’t see out of my eye' The Senate Democratic leader's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his Nevada home is one that has been questioned by conservatives . Reid announced last month he would retire from the Senate .
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman to kill Gov. Rick Scott. '...your trash governor is torturing me here. I'm forced to live here,' the pharmacist is heard saying in a recording of the 911 call released by the Sheriff's Office Thursday . The pharmacist has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months .
Study found that marine photic zone euxinia took place in one of the prehistoric oceans . This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide . Authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences due to the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels, 200 million years ago .
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd . Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye . He will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a pistol in a Miami hotel . Prosecutors have said the murder weapon in the case was a black Glock pistol, but prosecutors have said it was
Professor Ninian Peckitt accused of repeatedly punching a man in the face . Medical tribunal will decide if he should be struck off the medical register . Patient A suffered 'extensive injuries' to the right side of his face, hearing told . The 63-year-old was admitted to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 .
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, looked at military records of 3.9million personnel who served after 9/11 . Found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates . At home Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable discharge .
Seven the kitten fell from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month . Six-month-old kitten was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media . Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries .
Priest allegedly organised orgies with priests and a Swiss Guard, it is alleged . He was sacked from religious order in Taranto after lover contacted authorities . Dominant priest allegedly favoured role-play scenarios in which lover played disciple Judas Escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus .
The bodies of four people, including two boys under ten, were found in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma . Police believe the father killed his wife, sons and himself . Officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father . They do not have a motive for the slaying, but said the scene was difficult to process .
Wayne Kyle, the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle, said he and wife Deby were 'surviving' since their son's murder trial ended in February . Eddie Routh was found guilty of the murders in February and sentenced to life in prison without parole . Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Routh, after the pair took him shooting to help him cope with his PTSD .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2 . Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, to try and find the phone of her missing son . Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested unjustly trying to investigate the crime by breaking into a Norfolk area home .
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared at Downing Centre Court on Tuesday . He allegedly touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during a rap concert . Riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting for the sold-out concert of YG and Ty Dolla $ign .
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . The girl's parents were not home at the time when the man allegedly took the tearful 15-year-old into his car on Saturday night and screamed 'you will never see your parents again!' in a bid to force her to be his traditional Hmong bride . Victim's father told police that the couple had been 'dating' in January and first had sex when she
Prince Charles to name Poundbury after the Duchess of Cornwall . Inn will have 20 bedrooms and is being built on Queen Mother Square . The Poundundbury estate is on Prince Charles' Duchy of Cornwall land near Dorchester .
The needy owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch . But his sibling rivalry gets the better of him as he swoops under the wing . The scene was photographed in a camouflaged shelter, known as a hide .
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70% of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area . Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby . Predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations .
Never-before-seen pictures show Winston Churchill, then 84, appearing to fall asleep at the meeting of Allied leaders in 1959 . Dinner party also saw the reunion of Eisenhower and Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery . Viscount Charles Portal, 1st Baron Arthur Tedder and Lieutenant General Brian Horrocks also seen .
Wife Marguerite Dahl died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . His rocks, which formed a craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire .
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson . Left his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island . He initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and shot him in the hand . The officers were able to restrain and arrest him, where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .
Father-of-three Sean McCabe was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013 . 30-year-old was told he had just two months to live and was in remission . He decided to book St David's Church for his wedding to his fiancee Lisa Williams . As preparations got underway he penned a goodbye letter to his children . Mr Williams told them: 'I don't want to leave you or mammy, but I haven't got an option'
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19 at one of the Reclaim rallies . Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups . 'I was very, very disappointed to see my work co-opted by what I, at my most charitable consider to be a very confused "patriotic" movement'
Lillian Roldan, 39, came forward to author John Glatt to say she dated Castro from 2000 to 2003 . She says he kept his money stored down there and 'didn't want his kids to steal it' She met Castro on a blind date set up by friends in May 2000 and he would kidnap Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry . A few months after breaking up, he kidnapped his third victim Gina DeJuses .
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a car crash in Malibu, California . Jenner is said to have 'rear-ended' her white Lexus on the Pacific Coast Highway . The car was pushed into oncoming traffic and collided with a Hummer . Two stepchildren are said to be the only people to launch a wrongful death suit . Sources close to the investigation believe Mr Jenner won't be prosecuted .
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200 . He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . But if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison .
Get a look at Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's latest lingerie campaign snaps . Get the AUTOGRAPH beau silk collection at M&S with a real-life underwear collection . Look fabulous in a lace trim bra and knickers from the retro-inspired collection, Get Me Out Of Here .
London-born Sam Smith has lost three stone over the last year . The 22-year-old has gone from a strict diet to a healthy low-carb . He has been replaced with a trendy new wardrobe and stubble .
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction drove for more than three miles intoxicated to retrieve his pickup truck which he'd crashed . He was spotted by an Alaskan Railroad worker at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . Police were at the scene when the man looped back and he was arrested .
Gertrude Weaver, 116, died on Monday in Camden, Arkansas . She passed away from complications due to pneumonia . Last week she asked President Obama to attend her birthday party .
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested after visiting a New Hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt . The young man posted photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media . Lacasse graduated high school last year and even bought a Glock 19 handgun .
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar in Ybor City after a night of partying February 12 . An autopsy has revealed her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, and detected THC, a component of marijuana . The autopsy results suggest she accidentally drove into into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana, and ultimately drowned . Her family thank Tampa police for helping them through the search .
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483 . Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165 . The lowest paid middle class citizen in New York earns $38,246 . Highest paid takes an annual salary of $114,738 .
Iain Mackay, 40, found bleeding profusely at a shop near to the bar in Hua Hin . He is also understood to have got into a fight with a man talking to his girlfriend . Incidents happened in coastal city 120 miles south-west of Bangkok .
Morrisons won the Menu Innovation and Development Awards . It beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title of Britain's Best Breakfast . Morrison's Big Breakfast was rated the most important breakfast of the day . A full English at a four-star Macdonald Manchester Hotel costs £19.50 .
Nearly half of young workers think it's acceptable to get drunk on a night out . This is compared to a fifth of the general population, survey found . Comes after report found binge drinking costs the British economy £4.9bn every year .
The Le Femme finishing school was created by Ellen Weirich in New Jersey . The mother-of-three helps transgender women transition from masculine to feminine . She charges $44 (£30) per session and has been helping her transition for decades .
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders . Along with hand stitching, she uses a sewing machine to speed up the process . After a picture of her owl dolls went viral on social media last year, she was inundated with hundreds of requests .
Nearly all of the offenders convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin were serving terms of life in prison . Obama has issued his first round of commutations under new guidelines put in place to cut costs by reducing the growing prison population . The 22 people whose punishments will expire on July 28 are serving between 1992 and 2006 .
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message . It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's husband . The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony .
Darwin man charged with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the Northern Territory . Staff raised the alarm when they noticed the registration number of a female nurse . He was receiving a $100,000 annual salary and accommodation from Queensland Health in the six weeks he was at the hospital .
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint . Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying .
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, is a world champion in his age group . Lance, 15, his brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven, compete in US competitions . Pressure to breed bulls that are more vicious and bigger than ever has increased .
Jane Bacon, 51, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh after being told she could die within months . But she bought £1,000 trip before doctors told her she needed chemotherapy . She then contacted easyJet demanding £176 to switch her flights, before signing it off with: 'I wish you a pleasant day' EasyJet has since apologised and said it will refund charges for switching flights .
Kansai International Airport in Osaka has never lost a piece of luggage . The airport's impeccable record has to do with the way that staff places the suitcases on carousels . Seven of the ten airports examined in the top 10 are located in Asia .
Labour leader said he struggles with hand-eye coordination as a 12-year-old . He used an iPhone but gave it up for a BlackBerry because he was good at it . As Labour leader he used to use an iPhone he 'drive my parents slightly mad' Played video games for chess club and ZX Spectrum computer linked to a TV .
Google patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or ''a celebrity' Google-owned Boston Dynamics claims the system is 'high mobility, humanoid robot' which can negotiate rough terrains . System would allow machines to download new personalities online - in the same way one might download an app - and even have a different personality for each user .
The singer has sold his 7,500-square-foot New York City penthouse for $37.5million . The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit .
Levo League's Ask4More campaign calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14 . On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men .
ISIS has launched English-language news bulletins on its al-Bayan radio network . Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast was hosted by a man with an American accent . Discussions include alleged death of ISIS commander in Yarmouk refugee camp, Iraqi city of Kirkuk, suicide bombing in Kirkuk and mortar attacks on militias in Sirte, Libya .
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with rising waters . Environment Agency says it has a legal duty under EU-backed regulations . £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long creatures .
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3am Wednesday . He beat and choked a prison guard who was making rounds . The attacker was convicted of first-degree murder in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour . However, South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believes the swab should not result in charges or a court appearance . The 38-year-old was captured streaking by a Google camera car, which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world . Police released a statement saying the mother 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured 
Rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface . Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel . This includes images of Earth and Mars which were taken during its long journey to the comet centre .
Labour lashed out at 120 bosses who signed open letter backing Conservative economic plan . Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI . 103 corporate leaders declared that the Government ‘has been good for business’
Thousands of penitents take part in mesmerising religious parades across five continents . In Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in divisive tradition . Spanish effigies were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela .
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Web, 19, jailed . Trio followed pensioners aged up to 97 home after collecting their pensions . They asked them for payment for roof repairs they hadn't done . If no money was taken, they would either con their way into their homes . The trio conned pensioners in a silver Mercedes C200 before jumping out .
When Tanya Astbury was born 12 weeks premature, he weighed just 1lb 3oz . He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem . Doctors said he would not survive and had just a 10 per cent chance of surviving . But Benjamin has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday .
A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat . Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year over the holiday period . Chocolate creations are inspired by renowned artists including Jackson Pollock and Banksy . 'The Chocolate Pistols' are available in their NSW and Victoria stores for $60 each .
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, was taken into custody Tuesday after her 3-month-old daughter was found unresponsive at home last Thursday . Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor . But she later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman's boyfriend .
'Euthanasia' of strays was legalised in Romania in September 2013 to reduce massive overpopulation . But former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from being killed in Romania and re-homed them in the UK . They claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented . Pola Pospieszalska, Anneka Svenska and former Playboy model Victoria Eisermann are devoted to saving the dogs . The dogs are supposed to be euthanised humanely with a
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky . For three of the four sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC . Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed them into a van, made the 34-hour trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin .
Ashy Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman, is a successful personal trainer . She published recipes on her Mealspiration blog before starting her business, Sweets and Sweat . A colleague noticed her a recipe in a 2012 edition of Ms Bines' Clean Eating Recipe Book . The Sydney blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from the book on Tuesday .
California Governor Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent cutback in urban water usage by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday . The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them .
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met the TOWIE star in Grimsby this morning . Farage said the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a 'reem guy' He quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
Researchers in Massachusetts say a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment simply by analysing the way they type . Currently Parkinson's patients only discover they have the debilitating neurological problem when symptoms have already taken hold .
Ford, 45, will undergo an eight- to 10-hour operation on May 11 and remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days, he said . He was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor and won . In 2013 he acknowledged he had smoked crack cocaine in one of his 'drunken stupors' But he refused to resign and instead completed stint in rehab .
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a one-bag . The Marylebone tote has been on our sartorial radar for a while . Made from sumptuous exotic embossed leather .
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was awarded temporary custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families last fall . The state Supreme Court ordered her to undergo chemo treatments for Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer . But a judge ruled on Wednesday that she must remain in custody even though her disease has gone into remission . She was originally opposed to the treatment, but the hospital tried to prevent her mother from visiting her room .
Sandstorm reduced visibility to as little as 30 metres in the city of Golmud, Qinghai Province . China's Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions . The organisation advised residents to stay indoors and local authorities to brace for the clean-up operation .
Single mother-of-two Sherrell Dillion has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour competition . However her good news is marred by the fact that she is homeless . She has been featured on Benefits Street alongside White Dee in the hit Channel 4 series which saw her searching for work .
100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State, according to the United Nations . The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory .
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother was shot dead after an incident on Monday . Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami . Police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers . The boys reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW .
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, had Sagittal Synostosis . The condition restricts the growth of her growing brain . A CT scan proved Ava had the condition, usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old . In September last year Ava underwent the surgery, involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull .
Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be fourth installment in best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson . The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on plot outline left by Larsson before he died of heart attack in 2004 aged 50 . But Norstedts did yesterday reveal that it kicks off with an artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency .
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s . The collection includes eggs by Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo . Traditional tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when eggs symbolised new life and hope .
Ethel Rider, 87, fell from her bed at Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe, Manchester . Carers failed to seek medical help and lifted her back into bed because she is mute . 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . The carers, Susan Logan and Lauren Gillies, lied saying Mrs Rider had fallen . Both were beginning six-month prison sentences after a judge branded them ‘idle’ They had cut corners to give themselves longer breaks .
Heartfelt letter was shared on Twitter in a matter of minutes . It was shared by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 . He wrote on Twitter: 'Providing proof that we're all in this together'
Ollie the Owl was snatched from lounge area of Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham . Landlord received letter in March demanding a donation to charity for its safe return . Animal has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia despite only going missing a month ago .
Most of us rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours a year . But which is a pain in the neck? SUPER COOL . Buckwheat Hull Pillow is filled with the tiny husks .
The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe . Now the picture-perfect vista has been snapped up by the National Trust because it offers one of Britain's most spectacular views .
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad . As he launched himself into the chorus the audience whooped with delight . He claimed he turned to the church first as he wanted to 'make sense of life' Sister Christina shot to fame after appearing in the Italian version of The Voice .
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock .
Head of OCR exam board said children would only have short time to use Google . He compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam, he said . Head of Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board said arguments were the same used in relation to allowing calculators in maths exams .
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields . The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . Temperatures near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee . Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame . That's according to a study that said warmer springs can change bee's life cycles .
YouTube star Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent . Where the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the sharp cheekbones, Promise's bone structure is a result of clever contouring .
Tom Ballard, 26, is one of the world's most accomplished climbers . His mother Alison Hargreaves died attempting the same feat in 1995 . The 26-year-old saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother's footsteps . Last month he became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he was accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . His sister Mindy Kaling, of the Mindy Project and Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, 'strongly disapproves of my book. Still, they respect my right to make my own decisions with my career'
Eight-year-old boy Lota 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014 . Shortly after his diagnosis, Lota underwent two initial brain surgeries to drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor . A subsequent biopsy led to a scan that revealed the tumor had grown aggressively . Lota ran a half marathon in October, and had already run several half marathons before the fourth round of surgery .
Four Roma gang members appeared in Marseille court today accused of human trafficking and 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births' Six others are facing related charges in what prosecutors described as a 'two thousands piece piece piece made around four babies' They face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million .
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder, according to Zion police . The high school senior had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February .
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force . The royal will serve alongside some of Australia's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney . He will also spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory and the army's 6th Aviation Regiment .
Journalist Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband . She depicts him as stable and stoic but frankly, he sounds a bit of a cold fish . After his vasectomy, she’s discontent settles onto her failure to sleep around when she was single. ‘If I can’t have one, I must have the other.’
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson were released on Thursday . Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced officer Richard Henke says of President Obama . In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English . Also in the emails are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman .
Kim, who will marry long-term partner later this month, showcased a golden glow watching Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson in Miami on Tuesday . The 27-year-old wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun . She is only the ninth active player and 46th man in the Open Era to reach 500 wins when he beat Anderson in the fourth round of the Miami Open .
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell . Texas Tech University research showed those who sold at lowest point would only have £63,000 today if they had resisted temptation to sell . It comes just days before retirees in Britain are given power to spend life savings .
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in past five weeks . Neither major party able to form stable government would likely send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . Sell-off could accelerate and spread to stock and bond markets, experts warned .
Alan Spencer, 67, was choking on a pickled onion when he started to choke . He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door . But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life 'slipping away' Thankfully 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alan's back, dislodging the onion and saving her owner's life .
Father believed to work in military's post office where he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel . Father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence . He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after the MoD considered suspending him .
Typhoon Maysak was upgraded Tuesday to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph (225km/h) It is expected to weaken once it hits central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday . Nasa astronaut Terry Virts captured the eye of the storm early in the morning with the shadow being cast deep into the vortex .
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a car accident in 2010 . She and business partner Rosemary Pringle dressed up as Simon Cowell . Pair wore only Lent costumes for 40 days to raise money for Air Ambulance Service .
Lishan Wang, 49, was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital . A new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation . The father of three is charged with murder in the shooting of Dr Vajinder Toor, 34, outside his home in April 2010 .
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the soccer league and the Detroit-area soccer referee's team . Saade, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . The lawsuit also names the Michigan United Soccer League, which is accused of allowing the deaths of Luis Suarez .
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love, which Danielle then shared on YourTango . A 60-year-old named Michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife's happiness above his own – but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will do the same for you 
FireChat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times . It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF) Android has a similar feature that works over Bluetooth. MCF lets you send messages even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network .
Death of 40-year-old Shahnawaz has shaken Delhi's reputation as a city that has lost its soul . Two children, 13 and nine years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death .
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo, 42, led her students to Vik and Hella in Iceland where they were lucky enough to be blown away by the Aurora Borealis . The night sky has been taken in different locations in Italy and Iceland too . 'You can find amazing nightscapes almost everywhere,' she tells MailOnline .
Corporal Mark Donaldson was one of few to have been awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Afghanistan . The Taliban warlord had boasted that he would kill the royal heir but was shot dead by a crackunit from the Australian SAS . Known in the British military as Captain Harry Wales, the fourth in line to the throne will fulfill one of his dreams by embedding with the NSS .
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills . One of the fictional CIA agents currently on screen is Charlie Tucker on NBC's State of Affairs . Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped track down Osama bin Laden has the most trouble with how her fallen co-worker Jennifer Matthews was portrayed in Zero Dark Thirty .
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, found shot dead on sofa . They were locked in each other's arms in front room of villa in Xalo, Spain . Police say they are not ruling any lines of inquiry out but believe the couple were murdered . Expat, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said she was concerned .
Research Vessel Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years . The RV FLIP has to be towed safely to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees . With 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable, leaving only a spine .
The One-Touch-911 was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT . Users can call police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help . App triggers a standard call to nearby dispatchers, and each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information . If the user doesn't have signal, the app lets them ‘roam’ onto another network . This is a feature built into most phones already, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions .
Seth Casteel has released his new book, Underwater Babies, after hearing the shocking statistics of the number of children that drown . He photographed around 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create the book . Children between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation .
Two-year-old Darcy Atkinson died of brain injuries in December 2012 . Toddler had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics . He was airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath . Dr Barry Wilkins said he had only ever seen injuries inflicted on a child .
The remains were removed from a house in the Richmond area of San Francisco on Saturday . Neighbors said the woman had not been seen for years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen . When city workers arrived to clean up the body on Wednesday, they reportedly struggled to get in the door because the house was filled with so much debris .
Residents in San Bernardino County were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land . The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails . A shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park, between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread . Firefighters managed to get the blaze under control by 7pm Tuesday evening but it continued to burn overnight .
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface . The teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app . An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, allegedly sent Benn an email last week, claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his council house . Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles is all funded by state handouts . At least 16 of his children were taken off him and their mothers by social services . The 56-year-old says he would not recognise many of his offspring in street .
The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images . Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49, wanted to honour Italian designers who have helped to make the country a fashion powerhouse .
Michael Brelo is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter . He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night . Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . His footprints were also found on hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30 were killed in November 2012 .
Ukip leader admits party has slipped back a bit in the polls as euphoria waned . But he expects to recover momentum in run-up to next month's election . Key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters . Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind Tories in Kent despite enjoying 12 point lead just two months ago .
Abijath Desikan, 35, was arrested following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay . He was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . The 27-year-old female employee held in the restaurant emerged with police shortly afterward . Other restaurant staff members who saw the knife evacuated customers before calling police . A police cordon was set up while specialist officers negotiated with the man last night .
The Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share their disgust at the outrageous messages they express . The religious community is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have C-sections . 'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' read one of the group's memes on Sunday .
Greece's prime minister met Russian President in Moscow yesterday . Pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects . But Alexis Tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid . He said Greece is a 'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony' and not 'we have same rights'
Jeremy Kyle Show guest Jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend Dawn . He was appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' Jamie proposes - but has the ring thrown back in his face .
Comments have angered relatives of Jean McConville, whose abduction, disappearance and murder became one of the most shocking events of The Troubles . She was 37 when she was taken by masked gang from her home in Belfast in front of her children . Her remains were eventually discovered by a walker buried in County Louth in 2003 . Gerry Adams has long denied he was even in the IRA and was arrested last year . But influential American magazine the New Yorker named Adams as a former IRA commander .
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies . Albert Einstein's theory predicts the gravitational effects of the nearer galaxy will bend the light of the more distant one .
An employee of Pizza Hut shared a doctor's note with a friend on Reddit . The note said that his GP 'sensibly stayed home from work' The GP writes that the patient 'has had, by their own report, a cold' The note has been shared thousands of times online . Commenters were outraged and one wrote: 'We're grown a** people'
Billy-Anne Huxham was forced into a car outside a Caboolture home . The 18-year-old was woken up, attacked with a machete and taken . Police are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, allegedly the victim's former boyfriend .
Nicola Sturgeon said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10 if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats . Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority . SNP projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election . But Ms Sturgeon's MPs could vote to prop up a Labour minority government .
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in Western Australia's waterways . They are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, amongst other exotic introduced species . The native fish in the region are less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows . 'A lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish, so they prey on them and compete for habitat,' Dr David Morgan said .
Linguistics professor Shigeru Miyagawa has a different theory about what created human language . He says humans combined an 'expressive' . layer of language, as seen in birdsong, with a 'lexical' layer, as . seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds, such as alarm calls . The 'integration hypothesis' suggests that whatever first caused them, these layers of language blended rapidly .
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into the 6000-bird farm in Coldstream in March . They took photographs of hens ravaged and dying at the Yarra Valley farm . The activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions . Two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm but gave it all clear . But several hen was in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages as they were in desperate need of veterinary care.
Kevin Blandford won a free trip to Puerto Rico but his wife couldn't join him . Bonnie stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . Kevin said 'a dedicated friend' took photos that show him looking miserable . Photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on Imgur .
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video . Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol . This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . Dr Raychelle Burks from the American Chemical Society gave her the theory .
London Mayor launched Tory campaign with a speech in Hartley Hall . Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own own home . Also said Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens wanted a return to 'somewhere around the bronze age'
Poll of FTSE 100 bosses shows majority think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain . Comes days after more than 100 headhunters signed letter warning against Labour government . Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna insists Labour is no anti-business . Boots boss Stefano Pessina sparked fury by claiming it would be an 'accident'
The main character Katniss Everdeen deals with exciting scenarios but never from any teenage ailments such as acne or braces . Twitter users have taken to Twitter to voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the books and in films .
Prime Minister warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' Voters appear to be drifting away from Nigel Farage's party as election gets closer . Latest polls have put the Tories and Labour virtually neck and neck .
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons . Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his pickup into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . During the second day of the sentence hearing, Dellinger was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash . He pleade
Ella May Rudd told her husband Billy he needed to 'get her in check before there's a big f***ing problem here on my end' In a threatening voicemail, Rudd said: 'I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal' She had been dealing with the auto body shop in Maryland for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2 .
Angela Postle stumbled upon the bizarre phenomenon last month . She sent the oranges to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing . But their first round of tests were to no avail . 'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said .
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . At just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight and ordered to go to the gym . There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer . Her six-year-old daughter Olivia has been a huge help in her recovery .
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer . Musical instruments, stage costumes and commemorative plaques are up for sale . Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 .
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, lost 16st after undergoing gastric bypass surgery . The former bomb disposal expert struggled to control his Type 2 diabetes . He says: 'It was a life changing and life threatening decision'
The first phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled . All of the overwater bungalows have two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen and a large living area . Overwater suites are available from $2,000 a night, rising to $4,500 at peak times .
PM's Easter message came as Michael Gove claimed Christians were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion . Much of 50-page document widely interpreted as indirect criticism of Coalition’s welfare policies . Bishops complained welfare claimants ‘described in terms that imply they are undeserving, dependent and ought to be self-sufficient’
Ashley Johnston, 28, was killed in Syria in February during a clash with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) His mother Amanda had no idea he was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death on Thursday . The Queenslander, who lived in the ACT, is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS .
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park . He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park at 9.30am on Good Friday . The boy may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family . Police assume he has spent 36 hours without food or water and on Saturday night would have experienced temperatures as low as 8 degree Celsius . Luke was wearing a warm jacket and a beanie when a moment of hope was found by the search party .
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday . A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating . It's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special . There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry .
Man was stalking estranged ex at theme park in Hollywood, California . Last week he was escorted off premises and shot himself dead . Despite court orders banning him from the park, he shot himself in front of children . Staff at the park filmed him being herded inside the Despicable Me ride .
Elizabeth Stewart, a former fashion editor for Women's Wear Daily and the New York Times, is dubbed 'power stylists' for making a name for yourself . Cate Blanchett, Margot Robbie and Cristina Elrich make the top 10 in Hollywood Reporter's Power Stylists lists . The stylists behind the Aussie stars' include Sandra Bullock, Julia Roberts and Amanda Seyfried .
The four-bedroom house near Auckland attracted plenty of interest . Real estate agent Tony Keegan said the previous owners were desperate to sell, which resulted in a million-dollar bargain . New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up .
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour on Sunday . Clocks will spring forward again on October 4 . Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say .
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper . The $200 citation caused her to receive points against her driving record . State released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa when it became temporarily separated from its herd . Photographer Duncan Fraser captured the encounter at Sunset Dam on his way back to camp at dusk .
Woman and child stranded in their car in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky . State police requested state police helicopter to help, but the weather was too bad for an aerial search . More than 100 water rescues were made in the area early Friday as a severe storm's downpour flooded roads . Residents continued asking for help leaving their flooded homes, according to Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer .
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing . Poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . Stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones which then trigger more oil production, blocking pores .
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Conservatives . This compares with just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9% under Labour . Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne .
Luc Donckerwolke thought the Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur . The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears . Lincoln spokesman Stephane Cesareo dismissed the Bentley designer's criticism .
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer details and signatures to a gang . He worked as cashier at branch in Fareham, Hampshire until February 2013 . Accused ringleader Olawabiyi Ayanwale set up orders by impersonating victims . Seven others accused of using their accounts to siphon funds away .
Karl Lagerfeld is a three-year-old Birman cat . Has notched up over 100,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram . Her earnings came from two jobs, one for Japanese cosmetics company Shu Uemura . Choupette would never promote cheap brands .
Labour was forced to remove signatory to letter of support from 100 business leaders . Signatories said they were 'all working people' and warned about zero-hours contracts . But within hours plan was in chaos as it was found signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires .
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, has been sentenced to 30 days in jail, house arrest and probation for having sex with a 17-year-old student . The married mother of three had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months . She also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sexual offender for the next 25 years .
The Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 . There are six superstars around that can keep studios swelling . Sandra Bullock topped Forbes' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 .
Derek Lowe and Tina Lowe were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham . The couple, who live in North Carolina, were pronounced dead at the scene . Amtrak said the Carolinian was headed from Charlotte to New York City . No passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay received treatment .
Designer Vivienne Westwood has added a luxury penthouse hotel suite to her impressive design portfolio . The suite overlooking LA can hold 300 people for a private function and is part of the hotel's $25 million renovation project .
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, US Navy claims . Huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and is being dumped on live coral reefs . Five islands have already been built in this way, and two more are in development . Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging local ecosystems - and the exact purpose of them is unknown . China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region 
The roof of a New Jersey church came crashing down mid-song during an Easter Sunday service . Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed . Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was taken to University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury .
Cody Neatis was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection . But rather than a bed in the children's ward, has had to sleep on a floor . Eight-year-old has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube . His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for past week . She fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen or hurts himself in the night .
Indiana lawmakers unveiled an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' The state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected his bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son . The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers if doing so would violate their religious convictions 
Mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher - which would be hottest this year so far . It comes after washout weather of last week gave way to spectacular Easter weekend . Temperatures hit 20.7C (69F) in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire on Sunday and 19.5C in Astwood Bank, Worcestershire on Monday .
This month marks the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM, which will take place in two parts . AIM will perform high-resolution visual, thermal and radar mapping of the moon to build detailed maps of its surface and interior structure . Two CubeSats will also be dispatched from the mothership to gather other scientific data near the moon . Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit .
More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Brent Council to pay for veteran Robert Clark's home help . But the council insists he cannot be treated as a special case . His son Mike Clark, 58, said: 'How can they treat him like this? It’s inhumane'
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal, says Dr Lara Briden . A naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health, says that PMS can be banished forever with just a few simple steps . Option 1: Unsweetened muesli with mixed berries and unsweetenedened wine .
An alliance of Left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for end to religious selection . They claimed Church was being ‘turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged’ The comments, made in a letter to The Guardian, sparked anger from Church of England .
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE . Results suggest many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely .
Woman, 19, was changing in cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool, Aylesbury . She noticed man looking under bottom of cubicle and kicked him and he disappeared . Latest pictures are thought to be connected to similar incident at same pool . On February 7 a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the pool - police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures to contact them urgently .
Paul Childs said he was infuriated by Farage's 'scaremongering' over the condition . Air steward revealed he got virus intentionally as he embarked on path of self 'annihilation' Mr Childs is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive .
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF) It hardens upon impact at any temperature, providing protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . The exact composition of the STF is known only to Moratex .
Colima volcano in Mexico is one of the most active volcanoes in the country . Latests pictures show the flash of lightning as the volcano erupts . Hernando Rivera Cervantes took the pictures as local authorities warned people to prepare for a possible evacuation .
Anthony Clark Reed, 24, was driving around Detroit on Monday night . Handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing, before suffering fatal heart attack . His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claimed his son had been 'driving erratically' He said he was looking for his inhaler as police were indirectly responsible .
Children at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend are banned from running . Parents say children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks and exercise . 11-year-old son Diesel returned home upset after being told not to run outside . School say they are trying to crack down on dangerous 'chasing' game .
More than 90 million Easter eggs are consumed every year in Britain . This year traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover . Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg . The department store has created the ultimate Easter hybrid .
Hayley Okines suffered from progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . It involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK . Hayley, from Bexhill, East Sussex, defied the odds to live four more years .
Traditional Chinese Medicine lists curative qualities in thousands of rare and exotic animals, such as the Sumatran Tiger . The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network . Guangzhou is the richest and most powerful city in southern China, with a keen taste for exotic animals and plants .
Brian Gemmell claims he was ordered to 'stop digging' when he reported ring . Spoke out during meeting with victim Richard Kerr at Northern Ireland home . Claims he is sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at complex . Scotland Yard probing 'credible' claims a Tory MP murdered a young boy .
Man, 71, and woman, 64, charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . Police found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday . The carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public . It is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . Not a drop of alcohol has passed her lips since January - marking her longest spell of abstinence on the NHS . The mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin .
Previous temperature recorded in Antarctica was 17.1°C in April 1961 . Meteorologists measured the temperature on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula . But the ice shelf covering the sea has declined considerably in recent years . In the last decade the rate of ice loss on ice has risen dramatically . This is according to a new study combined 18-years worth of satellite data .
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut deep in the woods . He used vegetation as insulation and there is no plumbing or electricity . Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear .
One of the teenagers is believed to be a relation to Hammaad Munshi . He was 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family . The 17-year-old boys are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight to Turkey .
Driver, 23, and two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed . The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sank to bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning . Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool . Taxi driver fled the scene leaving the 23-year-old to explain to police .
Liz Smith started her career in New York City when she was just 25 years old . The 92-year-old gossip columnist is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her 70 year career . Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg . Barbara Walters was a good friend claims Smith, but lost interest in the gossip writer when her column at the New York Post was cut .
Kyle Patrick Loughlin was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five . The student allegedly started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote 'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children . An investigation was launched into the supposed child abuse case last week after one of the children's parents filed a complaint .
The freezer trawler, called the Dalny Vostock, sank at 4am local time on Thursday . It was carrying 132 international crew of 132 and hit 'an object' floating in the sea . More than 26 fishing boats in the area have helped to rescue the crew, but have also recovered 56 bodies . 13 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital .
Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos found the LED screens in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye . Now, it can also permanently damage the retina and lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision . Modern LED screens produced from about 2007 onwards emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology .
After nine months of exploratory drilling, group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands . Bonanza will add to fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a 'very live threat' from Argentina .
The long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots . The viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon .
Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the Harbour city, a record growth and the strongest increase since April in 2009 . It comes after the Reserve Bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent last February, leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market . Sydney’s performance drove the quarterly dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent . Despite the headwinds of softer labour markets, very low rental yields, increased oversight on lending conditions and heightened economic uncertainty .
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor balcony of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan at 8.30am yesterday morning . He was found on a third-floor balcony of neighboring Michelangelo Hotel, near Rockefeller Center . NYPD said they are treating his death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious .
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support when he fell six stories from the roof of the Bronx building on Thursday night . Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby . His friend tried to help by holding onto his jacket as he dangled 60 feet from the ground above an alleyway . He was taken to St Barnabas Hospital, where he was listed in critical condition, but died around 11am on Saturday .
Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, pulled his son James's tooth out . Video shows the eight-year-old running up to the camera with blood smudging across other teeth saying: 'It came out!' James had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he gave in .
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift . Incident took place at 2am on December 26, 2007 . A few airlines which weren’t part of the lawsuit will pay the rest of the money owed . In a bid to move things forward the state supreme court finally ruled in 2013 that the airport had a 'duty' to provide a safe working environment .
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested Friday as she tried to join the terror group, a day after two New York women were arrested in another home-grown terror case . They are accused of plotting to wage jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings . Thomas will remain in custody until her next appearance on April 8 .
The 800-year-old castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful Norman Lord William de Braose . It was damaged by fire during the rebellion of Welsh chieftain Owain Glyndwr in 1401 . The remains of the castle include a four-storey Norman keep and gateway, a Jacobean mansion was built alongside the tower in 1660 . A £5 million battle plan has been launched to tackle the insect threat .
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January . Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially . The former basketball player showed police photographs of himself with twins, who like to be called Team FOE (Family Over Everything)
Keith Cameron, 54, scammed friend and neighbour out of £476,864 ruse . He promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on investment . But it was all an elaborate lie - he was today jailed for five years . His wife Elizabeth said: 'My daughters and I will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives'
Mark Doggett has trained his animals to sniff out the destructive fungus . Dry rot is wood decay caused by the wood which gives it strength . It can damage all parts of a property, penetrating brickwork and concrete floors seeking a wood source .
Premiere Photo printed 'Poor N***** Party' at the bottom of the photos at the couple's wedding party in Houston in 2012 . The bride's sister waited to tell her about the racist incident until after the wedding because she didn't want to ruin her special day or upset her . James Evans who runs the photo company 'did nothing' and told the couple to 'sue' him . Evans has denied all allegations and says there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption .
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital . His mother Stacy Maitai has a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome . The 28-year-old cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath . Doctors say he may not be able to walk . About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia .
Robert Dellinger, 54, of Sunapee, New Hampshire, has admitted causing the crash that killed Amanda Murphy, 24, her unborn child, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29 . He told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying Amanda Murphy . Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and their unborn fetus were killed in the crash . Prosecutors have said Dellinger appeared to be deeply remorseful during the hearing 
Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich Arab tourists in Park Lane and Mayfair areas . A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery .
Gareth Shoulder, 24, has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its ‘Generation 2015 Election youth panel’ Self-styled ‘angry Leftie revolutionary and magician’ Shoulder made the remark about Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .
University of Surrey students collected thousands of bacteria colonies . It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly . Currency collected from coins and coins was then monitored for three to four days . Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil, so it's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .
Brian Williams was handed a six-month suspension in February after admitting he lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003 . But a new report has claimed he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's very large footsteps at NBC because he was trying 'to overcome his insecurities' He succeeded Tom at Nightly News in 2004 - the year he took over the anchor's role .
At 177 calories, a Creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, while a large Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing to work off . 90g packet of mini eggs contains 444 calories which can be burned by a 50 minute Zumba step class . Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg contains 24 teaspoons of sugar, almost double the amount the WHO recommends in a day .
Cryos International is moving its offices to a research park in Orlando . The company supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries . Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $750 per month .
Many people in the U.S., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives . Most of us are saturated with it in childhood — in holiday homes and beach huts with deckchairs and sandy sandwiches, shivering and occasionally baking in the capricious arms of the sea . Patrick Barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune, the National Trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled .
Russian news agencies quoted Zaur Dadaev as telling the court he had been abducted, beaten and pressured into confessing to Boris Nemstov's murder . He is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader . The opposition leader was shot in the back four times on a bridge in February .
An undercover sting in Houston has led to the arrests of six high school students following an eight month operation . The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015 . On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust . Brazoria County Narcotics Task Force jokingly told The Houston Chronicle that his department has conducted several Jump Street-style undercover operations in
Labour leader uses a speech to say he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms . Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' But in January shadow chancellor Balls said: 'I think if you abolished whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money' Miliband argues non-Sensible Rules are not very rigorous and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad .
Farmers say killings are essential to stop animals from destroying fish stocks . But campaigners insist there are more humane methods to protect fish . Seal clubbing in Canada has long been regarded with revulsion around the world .
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote, survey reveals . Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging second independence vote if SNP wins election . She said it was 'another matter' whether a vote for her party in 2016 Holyrood elections would bring about a second vote on independence .
The film has set a new high-water mark for the month of . April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: . The Winter Soldier . It now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise . Much as The Dark Knight turned into a memorial for Heath Ledger, audiences flocked to see star Paul Walker in one of his final roles .
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at John F Kennedy International Airport . The plastic plastic pet carrier was apparently tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open, apparently when one of the ropes became tangled on something . Jennifer Stewart, 31, said: 'They basically strapped him in like he was an old box'
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr . The engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas . Over three years, Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space . This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100
Actress Katy Cavanagh is said to have been given a telling off for voiceover work for BBC iPlayer Restart . Corrie executives have overturned the ban after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors . Katy has been the voice behind many ad campaigns, including Whitbread, Lancome, Nestle Kit Kats and Nestle Kats .
Kieran Hayler famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014 . The 28-year-old was pregnant with her daughter Bunny when she slammed both women saying: 'I would not wish it on anyone. It's actually disgusting what those two human beings have done to me and it's cruel' According to a friend of Katie's, Sam Bailey, 'she is scared he's going to run off with them' The pair recently renewed their vows
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, southern Alaska . After letting his prey slip, the bear made a crucial error of judgement . The two fish will spend the rest of the year swimming up stream to reach its breeding grounds . Once they reach a freshwater lake, they will mate the bears .
Zhou Qunfei, 45, has been named China's richest woman after her company Lens Technology went public . The self-made billionaire's company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices . She rose up ranks to become the director of the whole manufacturing operation, before setting up her own company aged 22 .
Kevin Franklin will turn his lights on tonight for Autism Awareness Month . The 53-year-old put them up on his council house last November . But he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April . Displaying of the lights has angered neighbours, prompting a poison pen letter .
Misao Okawa was only fifth person ever to reach 117, but was still walking until 110 . She died of heart failure at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, on April 1 . Had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the Wright Brothers .
Joshua Smith fell from cliff at Spittal Point, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland . RAF rescue helicopter plucked him from water and flown to hospital, where he died . Police say death is not being treated as suspicious but have referred it to watchdog .
Nick Clegg is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his rock-solid Sheffield Hallam . He won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up 50 per cent . Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday . But a poll by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent are planning to vote for his Labour opponent Oliver Coppard .
Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show . The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing . She said after the blunder she 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
Jeremy Clarkson is set to be put on £5 note, according to April Fool's Day . But safari park visitors' cars are being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap, says Daily Mail . Polli Faro says he wants Government to lower speed limit to 20mph . David Beckham and Helen Mirren to replace Queen on banknotes .
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in 1975 . She told a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus . The teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends, the coronial inquest has found . Marion was reportedly fed up with taking care of her younger siblings as her mother had a drinking problem . Her mother's boyfriend thought he spotted her at a bus stop weeks later .
Becca and Dale Litchfield, from Gotham, Nottingham, decided to sacrifice their dream wedding to have one last shot at IVF . Couple spent £5,500 on two rounds of IVF, keeping back an extra money they planned to spend on their wedding day . Weeks later they won a wedding competition which allowed them to finally get married . Becca gave birth to twins Darci-Mai and Stanley .
State of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving Cylvia Hayes, the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber . The emails show that she played a very active role in the administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff . Hayas has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails, which show she was involved in policy meetings .
YouTube is set to offer an ad free, subscription-based service for the first time, according to an email sent out to YouTube Partners . The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard, which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15, 2015 . YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues .
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park on Saturday . The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . In Oak Mountain on Monday, her classmates and teachers mourned the teen, who was part of the Advanced Symphonic Band, the National Junior Honor Society and the Science Club .
The prize porker fell into the garden in upmarket Ringwood, Hampshire . His owners had been taking him for a walk when animal plunged into water . Two fire crews and animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops . The exhausted animal had to be winched to using an all-terrain crane .
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages . Wordsmiths will get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet . The feature will roll out to Android handsets soon . It began testing its tool last summer, but the process is now available at the touch of a button .
Obama spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators . Speculation was swirling that representatives from six countries, including the U.S., were on the verge of making a deal as French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne . Six world powers and Iran are still trying to reach a preliminary accord on reining in Tehran's nuclear program .
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to SATs answers despite exam . This was despite the exam session finishing at Mitton Manor Primary School . Probe found pupils taking a test had changed answers outside conditions . It led to Department for Education annulling the entire SAT's results last year . He insisted in statement that he did not ask the pupils to change their answers . But a conduct panel said it fell short of fraud or serious dishonesty .
Southampton lifted the U21 Premier League Cup at St Mary's on Monday . The home side needed extra time to see off a stubborn Blackburn side . Sam Gallagher struck a wonder-strike from long-range in the second half . Ryan Seager had put Saints ahead with a tidy finish after the ball fell fortuitously to him in the Blackburn box .
Claudetteia Love, 17, was told last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . Her comments sparked an outpouring of support - from her classmates, who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind - to gay rights groups and strangers . Now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear the attire after all .
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria . He was making his first stop on a day-long tour of rural communities . Charles' visit came as part of his campaign for Wool and The Prince's Countryside Fund .
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist in New South Wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with Bathurst 200km west of Sydney a close second at 3075 . Both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years . US's national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase .
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of her favourite recipes . The 53-year-old media personality is releasing the book with Daily Mail Australia . Hutton is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy . She says if you set yourself up for a too strict routine 'you'll fall off the wagon at some point'
Beatrice Nokes accused of running vice ring with Met police officer Daniel Williams . 37-year-old is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty . Nokes is the daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals .
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans for a 12-seater home cinema . The couple's £10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode will undergo renovations . A dedicated cinema room is becoming 'important' in high-end properties .
Around 30% of teachers said they had been subject of parents' online posts . This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40% of all online insults . One teacher said they have been sworn at over a PE lesson, a female dance teacher said she had been called a ‘paedophile’ for wanting to film a performance .
Ed Miliband vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards' But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour used them . 68 Labour MPs have signed up zero-hours contracts in the last two years . Wolverhampton, Liverpool with 442 as of September 2014; and Ealing with 278 as of January 2015 . Labour MP’s bag carrier Karen Buck and his election supremo Lucy Powell were also on the deals over the past two years, including shadow health secretary Andy Burnham and shadow chancellor Ed Balls
The 'cuddle chair' could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience . The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing . Boeing has just filed a patent for the 'Transport Vehicle Upright Sleep Support System'
The company expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week . The biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch .
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for their traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback . In Slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where women give men beautifully coloured eggs in return . Easter horseback parade, known as the Georgiritt, dates back to the 18th century and is held in Traustein, Germany .
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife . The convicted sex offender was found guilty of her husband's murder after he filed for divorce on June 27, 2013 . His wife's badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity, Vermont . He could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
During a talk today, Nasa announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . 'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa . Announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places .
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Italy . His DNA was found all over bedroom where Meredith Kercher was found . Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder . Convicted of being accomplice to murder 'committed in company of others'
Smartphone use may be to blame for a drop in the number of times couples are having sex each month, according to experts . It comes after Professor David Spiegelhalter revealed how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sexual 'three times a month' In his book Sex By Numbers, he pointed to a number of possible factors for the decline in sexual activity .
Talented body painter Natalie Fletcher, 29, has been travelling across America painting individuals . Her project sees them mix into tourist hotspots, forests and ruins . Each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete . Natalie, from Bend in Oregon, USA, hopes to complete entire series by September .
All of the 36 units at Redlands House have been given the colourful treatment . But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . The residents' rent, of £103 a week plus bills, has remained the same since .
Louis Lordan released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal . Jordan was rescued from a disabled sailboat off the North Carolina coast on Thursday . The man responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel's cabin . He set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction .
Protesters opposing the construction of a $1.4billion telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii were arrested Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of the telescope . Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, but they disagree with the location of the construction . About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
Former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee Rurik Jutting faces life in prison if convicted of murder charges . Case has been adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time . Defence counsel accused prosecution of 'yo-yo' for initially saying that they would need until July to present a case, then return to court .
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . The investigation was relaunched after her mother, Rebecca, called in to authorities recently to ask what progress had been made on her daughter's case . Authorities already know that the man was in his early twenties back in 1980 and drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by Jimmy . While it has been years since the incident, some witnesses have been able to provide better information now than they
Diane McLean's four-bedroom East Village apartment went up in flames last week . She and her three children had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the fire . Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa . Nineteen people were injured, some of them critically, and dozens were left homeless . GoFundMe has raised nearly $90,000 for the family .
Rodrigo Alves is known as the new Human Ken Doll after reportedly spending more than $265,000 on plastic surgery . The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants .
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, claims she was arrested for suntanning on a beach reserved for paying foreigners . The video footage of her being led away in handcuffs has gone viral in Mexico and sparked a heated debate . According to her friends, police told her they were required to pay for use of a palm tree on the Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen .
Lingerie model, 30, is less than a month from her due date and has been documenting her changing pregnancy body . Critics say her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child . The model swaps traditional maternity wear - and her favorite lingerie - for a more figure-hugging and bust-flaunting frock .
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night . Plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to DFW, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on . On Tuesday, city officials said that Sheppard Air Force Base, which shares the facility, had closed the runway and turned off the lights .
Jordan Sim-Mutch claimed he worked in 'midnight removals' in online profile . Career criminal was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . Photo taken inside courtroom shows him and fellow gang members in dock . One said 'love you Jord' and another 'lads on tour' were posted online .
Kevin O'Connor, who owns Memories Pizza in Walkerton, closed its doors after receiving abusive phone calls and was trolled online . The pizza joint had been in operation for nine years before closing today, according to reports . News comes a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which will allow businesses to openly discriminate against gays . Opponents of the law have hit back, raising more than $440,000 for the pizza joint .
Big Brother winner, 33, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006 . But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on ketamine and is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing . Coming first can certainly make or break Big Brother contestants' careers - and lives .
Ambra Battilana, 22, said Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night . The very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland and posted it on her Instagram . A movie industry source said Weinstein gave Bilana two $227 tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show .
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, lost their lives in a house fire on Monday - the day Seman was due to go on trial for sexually abusing the girl . Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, left the girl at her grandparents' home and went back to her boyfriend's house, but she has not been arrested . She eventually moved back in with the man, Robert Seman, Jr., who was under house arrest at the time of the deadly fire . Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the fire was suspicious but that they
Charlotte Cobbald, from Acton, Suffolk, was on day release from a mental health unit when she died in August . She was suffering from anorexia and depression and was an A* GCSE student who had a talent for sheep farming . Inquest heard she was a 'perfectionist' who had struggled with the drug . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local . branch or click here for details .
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts . Parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ staffon on zero hours only because they are forced to by Westminster . Labour’s biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis .
Kindle Direct Publishing is a three-day, informative seminars for budding authors . Guests will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published . Agents David Higham Associates, The Agency Group and A. M. Heath will also speak .
Nick Cannon is writing a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey which is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher . Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - saying he plans to get his payday for being married one way or another . The actor and host of America's Got Talent has an estimated net worth of $20 million .
Esa's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . It had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth . The problems arose due to Rosetta
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis . They plotted to kill him after his release in retaliation for a fight, officials said .
Researchers in Tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain - an observation in previous studies . Experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others . They first took photographs of rats who were in pain and others with neutral expressions . Male mice sing to woo females, scientists claim, and change their tune depending on whether she is within sight or not .
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured at the Atmeh refugee camp on Syria's border with Turkey last year . Her mother, mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the camp since her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre . Two weeks ago the family took a fateful decision to move towards the city of Idlib, which fell into the hands of Al Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate . Al-Nusra have promised to bring in Sharia law in the city, and have already started burning things considered banned under Islam .
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III . Three weeks after she helped him escape from North Dakota jail . Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm .
One in five employees has nodded off in a meeting, a survey has found . More than a quarter said they made more than ten massive mistakes . Average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes, says Sennheiser Communications .
Scottish illustrator has sold more than 1.4million copies of her book . The book, Secret Garden, includes 96 pages of black-and-white drawings . Adult colouring-in titles are now outselling cook books in the UK .
Employees in the regions where Apple's Watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model . Notably, the discount doesn't apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the US and £8,000 in the UK . The stainless steel watch starts at $549 (£479) and the watch goes on display around the world on 10 April . Earlier this week, Apple released the first four guided tour videos of its watch . They include an introduction to main features, plus how to use the Messages app, customise the face, and use
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety . Harris pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter . But Osage County Attorney Brandon Jones said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses . A former girlfriend testified a year ago that Harris told her he shot Gerettingy in the stomach, tortured him for two days, then cut off his head'
Nicolas Sarkozy, 60, is being grilled by judges in a criminal court in Paris . He is facing charges over funding of failed 2012 bid to retain presidency . His party won 66 out of 101 departments - the French equivalent of counties . But he is convinced he can become president again in 2017 after winning 66 .
Suchet's grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex . Those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart . The 68-year-old reveals his grandchild was diagnosed with the condition shortly after birth .
McLean's 16-page notes and notes to 'American Pie' were sold at Christie's in New York on Tuesday . The wistful anthem asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' The eight-minute-long song was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972 .
Hillary Clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News in ‘The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House'
The 17th-century camel was probably used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war . It was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottman army at the time . DNA tests of the beast show it was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated . Animal was most likely used as a riding and transport animal during the siege of Vienna in 1683 .
Judge on Thursday ordered California's corrections department to provide a transsexual convicted murderer with sex change surgery . Michelle-Lael Norsworthy, 51, has been living as a woman since the 1990s . She has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder .
The man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name . He could remember that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka .
Panda Lu Lu and Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds . It also means Chinese panda lasts longer than the average American man in bed . Breeders said they watch the creatures having sex so they can understand their mating habits and encourage them to reproduce in the future .
Most of the US has laws that ban drivers from texting while at the wheel to prevent accidents related to texting and driving . Hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans . The study could 'not prove' that a textsing ban is what caused the critcal injury drop, though they said it was likely cause .
David Cameron was interrupted by a 'health and wellbeing' worker in audience . Victoria Prosser stood up and heckled him about homeless people . 'She makes an important point', she told reporters afterwards .
Karen and Paul Wakefield featured on six-part BBC documentary 'People Like Us' Six-part documentary aimed to show what life was like in Harpurhey, Manchester . It was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in negative light . Mrs Wakefield refused to pay fines for taking daughter out of school during term . She and her husband could face three months in jail or given fines of £1,000 each .
Daisy Davis, eight weeks old, was born without any eyes due to Anophthalmia . The condition means 'lack of eyes', and she will never be able to see . But her mother Danielle, 24, says she has no regrets about turning down a scan .
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression . But 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn't meet criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either . The report was published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry .
Rev. Robert Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California . He was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus in 2013 . Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition and sharp declines in viewership and donations . The soaring, glass-paned Crystal Cathedral — the touchstone of Schuller's storied ministry — was sold to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange in 2011 .
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford says Zana was of African descent . Discovered and trapped in the remote Caucasus mountains between Georgia and Russia . After she was tamed by a local merchant who found her they placed her in a ditch surrounded by sharp spikes . Six-foot, six-inches tall woman had 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' - and covered in thick auburn hair . DNA evidence from her granddaughter and remains of her son Khwit seemed to prove she lived in the wild Caucusus .
This April 1 sees advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers . Crosswater's new shower valve 'enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button' You might save time tanning but your hair will be ruined... if only the Digi-Tan shower was real .
Oscar-winning actress, 39, wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall . But Natural England has recommended the application be refused . citing concerns it may result in 'direct loss' of natural habitat . Application is one of a number of requests submitted to the council for renovation .
The young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America . The bear was seen happily playing with the glass as its father put his hand up against it . Gabriel then appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass partition .
Bed was left in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Chester by builders . Construction workers dismantled piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up . Four-poster bed specialist Ian Coulson spotted item on internet in 2010 . But he was shocked when his new 'Victorian' purchase arrived . Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove artefact's historical roots . DNA tests on timber prove it once belonged to King Henry VII .
Amy Johnson, 38, faces two assault charges after she allegedly grabbed a 16-year-old McDonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face . She said: 'We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups' Ms Johnson said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the worker used her hands to put them back in the packet' She was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the drive-through in Sydney's inner west on March 17 .
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois . He had just taken a handgun from Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell it . Howell's mother LaToya said her son 'couldn't have been a threat'
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . But city officials are now demanding that the young lamb be sent back to live on the farm . 'We're not allowed to keep a lamb in the city', said Maxine .
Collection was amassed by George III and has been digitised . None of the documents she had seen before - Her Majesty admired poems by Shah of Persia . Other documents shown to the Queen touch on the American War of Independence .
Ninety-one per cent of Britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep . According to Made.com's tips, Install a ceiling fan, the ideal temperature for sleep is 18-21C . Eliminate clutter by investing in cabinets, drawers and storage .
Young job seekers are filling in application forms using 'txt spk' Forms saying 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' Cardiff-based insurer Admiral said: 'We expect the spelling and grammar on the application form to be of a certain standard'
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died . The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22 . Five children, both boys and girls, were living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services, a neighbor said on Friday .
Ikea says veggie balls will go global in April with 50pc less carbon dioxide . Meatballs are more environmentally friendly than meat version because cows and pigs are responsible for methane emissions .
Natalie Whitear has prosopagnosia, also called face blindness, which means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces . The mother-of-two can't spot her reflection or her children when picking them up from school . Condition is so severe that she cannot recognise her husband Garrick, 39, or children Mia, eight, and Eva, three .
Mario Ambarita took chances with his life when he climbed into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight . The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ‘looking for work’ The plane had stopped at the end of the runway in Pekan Baru during a scheduled touch down to pick up passengers . His immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning .
Under-18s should not be allowed a say in a referendum, party says . Party accused schoolchildren of being exposed to 'pro-EU colouring-in books' David Cameron promised to claw back powers before in-out referendum .
Comedian Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass at a Labour rally . Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay attended the event in Warrington . The popstar told the 1,000-strong crowd he should be 'proud to make a contribution'
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier . Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep . A soothing rendition of Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star is heard playing away in the background .
Simona Trasca, 34, known as 'Romania's Pamela Anderson', made joke . Model and TV presenter made joke about new boob job cost £363 . Dr Marek Valcu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued model . Must pay £1,500 in compensation and take out adverts in Romanian newspapers .
Council has ruled that Audrey Alexander can keep her 40ft leylandii hedge . The row started in 1980 when Mrs Alexander's aunt planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge. 23 years ago Mrs Alexander asked her neighbour to trim the hedge, saying: 'I would rather move than touch these trees' The hedge's value has been estimated at around £20,000 .
Elephants will be phased out of the Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus show starting in 2018 . They will be taken to an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida . Some of the elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding . This will hopefully increase genetic diversity in the species and increase its population .
Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff is now trying to transfer any Indiana employee who is 'uncomfortable' with the polarizing new Indiana law . The legislation was brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence, but has sparked boycotts of the state amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays . Beniend tweeted Friday that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' The Salesforce CEO was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's landmark legislation .
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday . Driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' Georgia State Patrol Captain Mark Perry said . Khaotika and Huntsville, Alabama-based band Wormreich were in the van . The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle . Families of those involved are still being notified of the crash .
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for the military command and control center of the United States in the event of World War Three . The high tech base entered popular culture with . appearances in the 1983 thriller War Games and 1994's Stargate - which . imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel . It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside .
A giant hammerhead shark is chased by two men in the shallows off Florida . 'Get out the water!' cries one of the men standing on a penthouse balcony . None of the fatal attacks on humans were fatal, but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it .
Asma Fahmi and her family were walking to a matinee when they heard yelling from an apartment overhead . The three men pelted hard boiled eggs at them as they walked to their car . This was the second time in four years the 34-year-old has been attacked in Sydney . She believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system .
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine . She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still trying to rid her body of the bacteria . 'I honestly thought I was going to die - the pain was worse than childbirth,' Ms Gilchrist said .
Terrill Wayne Newman, 68, was a late local celebrity who bid five times for the title but never won . His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana . He filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office .
Genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . Around 5,800 years ago the second gene, which makes skin colour lighter still, also began to spread . Population of hunter gatheringers living on the site of Motala, southern Sweden, had already developed both skin-lightening genes . The research was presented at the 84th annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists .
Three men, two women and four children detained at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar . It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 . Arrests came as 19-year-old Yahya Rashid was arrested at Luton Airport . Rashid is suspected of paying for four men and a woman to join ISIS . More than 22,000 foreign fighters are now believed to have joined ISIS since 2013 .
Zelepos, 48, of North Stonington, faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . Prosecutors said between 2006 and 2010, Zift diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members . He then filed false tax returns to hide the income, which he agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution along with interest and penalties .
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo . The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the species . There are only about 250 Philippines crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered species in the world .
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour, with more than two inches of rain in half an hour . The storms also hit further north, barreling into parts of Indiana and knocking down trees and power lines . Strong storms were possible in Kansas and Oklahoma on Wednesday and across Illinois on Thursday .
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month . The youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family's exciting news live on the Today show .
Investigation came after Ms Sturgeon claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks' Row followed allegation she told French ambassador she would prefer Tory General Election victory because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not 'PM material' Scottish First Minister branded report as ‘100 per cent untrue’
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's switch to Messenger . Users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif up to 2 seconds long . Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger, where GIFs animate inline .
Japan's 'lonely death' squads specialise is clearing out properties of lonely people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families . Images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and an estimated one in four people is over 65 .
Crystal and Kevin O'Connor were forced to close the doors to their pizza shop because the phones kept ringing and they didn't know if orders were fake or real . Co-owner Kevin said he 'couldn't tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders' Crystal and her father Kevin went on Fox News on Thursday to discuss their comments and the backlash they've received . The couple's pizza shop has never catered a wedding before .
Women regret their career choices more so than men, says survey . 47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment, compared to 40% of men . More men than women admitted that they have suffered from mental illness . 10% of women surveyed regretted not having more children - 6% of men did .
Ian Cunningham 'amazed' no-one knew the homes would be built right alongside his rollercoaster . The 1,000-resident development is proposed for next door to the popular Cornwall theme park . Screams are being measured over the Easter holiday period to see if the noise will impact a new housing estate .
Ms Giffords, 44, walked through the airport in LA using a cane on Thursday alongside a young woman . Former U.S. representative continues to make progress after she survived an attempted assassination in Tucson, Arizona . Husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, is now an advocate for gun control . Couple were seen jetting out of LA on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend .
The Planetary Society says Nasa could afford to send US astronauts to Mars by 2033 and onto the Red Planet's surface by 2039 . It concludes such a plan could fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back . Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon, and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface .
The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students to 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university . The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning . 166 students completed the HSC in 2014 . Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned about how this would impact the program .
David Bowie has composed new songs for a new stage version of The Man Who Fell To Earth . The 68-year-old is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus, which he has written with playwright Enda Walsh . It will be spearheaded by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who used Bowie's music in one of his own productions last year .
Domenico Rancadore was given seven-year sentence by Italian court in 1999 . He fled to Britain in 1990s and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence . Today it emerged his case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn .
Terry Martin, 48, fatally shot girlfriend Laurice Hampton after she asked for half of his winnings . Hampton, who was critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday . Martin was found inside their master bedroom at their home in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead .
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, left her Santa Monica home on March 24 to calm down but never returned . The autistic teenager was last seen wearing a red sweater, jeans and ugg boots . Despite knowing the area and walking there often, she has not been seen since . Her mother Janice has made an urgent plea for help as she has no cellphone .
Anthony Bethell, 74, decided he would pay for work to restore ancient hedge . Ancient 180-yard hedge marks the boundary between his home and college . Mr Bethell consults with college on where exactly he should replant . But he claims St John's has refused to agree with him on the matter .
Dr Alex Russell has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' He believes 'no expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine' Russell has a distinct memory for smell, just like other types of memory, we can often be prone to forgetting too .
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding . During the last stages of his disease he lost the ability to talk, but he never lost his love of life and his sense of fun . Mrs Beringer agreed some of the song's lyrics were not the kind newly married women would like to hear .
Group of six descended on promenade of Spanish resort on March 29 . Men in matching outfits walked down street in Benidorm, Spain . David Rowles, 38, said: 'Everyone thought it would be a head-turner'
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days while travelling to 35 countries . The couple left their job at a film production company to freelance and continue to work towards their dream . With a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple set off to their first destination- the US- and landed in New York to begin their journey across the globe .
Second wife of John Lennon said she was 'very saddened' by the news . Yoko Ono said Cynthia was a 'great person and a wonderful mother to Julian' Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr said their condolences were withheld . Cynthia, 75, died at her home in Spain yesterday after a short battle with cancer .
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham . Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a .38-caliber revolver found at his house . Judge Laura Petro on Thursday dismissed the case against Hinton .
Bluey the cat has a loud growl which is louder than the official world record holder . The 12-year-old is in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner . Has been clocked at more than 90 decibels using a sound meter app .
Obama takes aim at Russia, China and Iran as he unveils executive order . Will freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' networks . Follows a series of high profile incidents, including Sony hack . Data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions .
Militants reveal details of plans to open ISIS nursing school in Raqqa . Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years old . They must be willing to work anywhere inside ISIS-held territory . Rules also include that applicants must be 25 years of age and fluent English .
The new £3.7 million 'Skywalk' has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China . The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level . It is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America .
Breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988 with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years . In 2000 the upper age limit was extended to 70, and now all women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . But MPs warn women will die as a result of the screening age limit change .
Laura Mary Sumner fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation by Russian authorities . Sumner, 24, was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her thesis at Nottingham University . Russian media branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . The book claimed her work was ‘important for the plans of the West to create a ‘colour revolution’ in Russia .
Detlef Guenzel cut Wojciech Stempniewicz into pieces while listening to pop music . He then buried them in his garden in his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau . Prosecutors said they stopped short of this demand because he wanted to die . Pair came across each other on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fantasies .
Ronn Payne, a former florist, retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff . Chelsea told her phone pal: 'Well, that’s what my mother and father call you' The book could prove problematic for Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, the former first lady and secretary of state .
A study by Kärcher has revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . A fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . Some of the top 'cleaning sins' committed by Brits include old mugs of tea and mouldy food left to fester .
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' Obama told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on Good Morning America . Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter - who at the age of 16 now lives a full and an active life .
Energy giant E.ON has been ordered to pay £7.75million penalty . Money will go to Citizens Advice to fund efforts to cut energy bills . Firm broke rules by overcharging thousands with higher tariff days before move .
Pope Francis is presiding over a Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum this evening . Those chosen to take turns carried the cross in the Way of the Cross procession were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China . After several Holy Week ceremonies, Francis will celebrate Easter Mass in St Peter's Square on Sunday .
42% said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35% disagreed with using the controversial technique . Greenpeace survey found greatest support among men (56%) and the over-65s (58%) By contrast, only 29 per cent of women backed fracking . Other results of the study suggest issue could help swing result in marginal constituencies at next month's General Election .
Massive bus broke down on its way to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent . Around seven proactive members of public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants .
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand recently . The pair's union could be compared to that of Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole . They were married in August 2011 but by August 2012 it was reported that he had been filmed through the keyhole of a hotel room with another woman .
Hannah Brierley spotted the northern pine snake on a bath mat . She stared at it for a few minutes until it moved and called for it to move . Karen Marriott, 40, called the RSPCA after she was unable to get through .
Attorney Jon Paladini claims that the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, overheard an argument between the men over the move . The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 .
Barrick Gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US . One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school when she was raped in 2010 . Officers had been moved into the area to increase security around the company’s Porgera gold mine .
Here are six key behavioural traits to help break your heart . These include how they share their feelings and how they will open up . John Mayer and Russell Brand are among the most risky men . Tracey Cox offers his advice on whether he loves you or will break it . Here, he advises men to share their own feelings in the bathroom .
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back-up in case of war . At its peak in 1952, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year . Today just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe . Children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions . Their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected . The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household .
1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out . The dog, Theia, was discovered at a nearby farm with her injuries including a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity . She is now recovering with the help of good Samaritans .
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 . It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera . Each time the phone is moved into a certain position, the phone unlocks . This means that if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the device unlocks automatically . Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu .
Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children . The Sudanese mother was driving a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it plunged into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday . Bol, one, and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger, all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into the water . Mr Manyang has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is a 'very good mother'
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . In the study, 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours, before a 90-minute endurance workout . After this, half were fed hot cakes, hash browns and orange juice, followed by a burger, fries and a Coke two hours later . Just eight minutes of high-intensity cycling was more beneficial than going at a moderate pace for 25 minutes - the current recommended level .
A beanie believed to have belonged to Luke Shambrook has been found . It was located on Monday afternoon west of the Devil’s Cove and Candlebark campsite in Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne . Police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on Friday . A renewed sense of urgency has gripped the search efforts as temperatures have been dropping as low as eight degree Celsius .
Fossils of a creature bearing a 'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection .Originally belonging to Cromarty writer Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery . They were rediscovered when the president of the Official Loch Ness Fan Club, Gary Campbell, was invited to the museum and spotted them . He saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service revealed the recall on Tuesday . The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars .
Nine sections found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region . The new stretch, measuring more than 6 miles long, is thought to date back more than 2,000 years .
Danny Eckhart took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville . Police say Eckhart damaged the water craft when he crashed it into a riverside bar and grill . He was arrested and stripped of his commission .
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years for raping an 18-year-old . He bragged about taking a girl's virginity in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Sydney in May 2013 . The court heard he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the club, before ushing her in a 'unfortunate' and 'inappropriate' manner . His victim said she will never be the same following the rape . La
Labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his party’s 'union paymasters' In a special Election edition, the magazine of the respected Association of Independent Professionals and the Self-Employed (IPSE) carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . While David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband .
Householders in newly-built 'dream homes' suffering months of problems . Issues include drains, street-lights, cracks in front doors and a collapsed pipe . Residents also report problems with underground tunnels and drains .
The 56-year-old benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be . Listed among his hobbies is watching TV and playing computer games . Two of his sons have spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual .
Children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory, according to a new study . University of Illinois researchers recruited 150 children and gave them a task-switching game to complete . The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy . It was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents, which was overseen by a dietician .
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department reportedly said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of feet of Ramiro James Villegas . A trainee police officer who was with Stringer at the time told how Stringer then pulled on the corpse's toes and pulled his head back and forth . He then told her to lie about what she'd seen, according to the trainee . Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the accusations in November .
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull . But he fell and hit his head, fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain . He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later . His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had 'natural talent with children'
The Typhoon is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip . material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick' It helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control aircraft . It can take off in less than 8 seconds, achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet Mach 1.6 in under two and half minutes .
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy and implants would boost her confidence . Then, after knocking her right breast on a door frame, she discovered a pea-sized lump which was cancerous . She began six months of chemotherapy and radiotherapy and is now in remission .
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants . At first it appears impossible to answer without extra information . But we know Cheryl has already told Albert the month of her birthday, and Bernard the day .
Iona and Emily Costello were visiting Manhattan on March 30 when they disappeared . They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health . Comes after details emerged of Mrs Costello's late husband's family . George Costello Jr is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a 'mixed-up kid'
Sheldon Silver, the former speaker of the New York State Assembly, was indicted Monday on two charges unrelated to the investigation into his famous power-broker relative . Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was accused of running a $7million Ponzi scheme just three months after he was arrested on corruption charges . Silver's daughter Michelle has not been charged in the scheme .
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching film . He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica . The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack . But Cheng said he was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled later this year . As customers scan their household items, a pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example . App will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need, and highlight any that are out of stock where appropriate . Card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent Easter weekend with friends and family on Caribbean island where she sunbathed and drove a jet ski . She has previously holidayed in area with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years . Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after 'fracas' involving Top Gear producer .
Sam Barton had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex . The 22-year-old says abuse online also forced him to move house . Attacked on Easter Monday by men who hurled eggs at him from a car . Had been enjoying a drink at Green House pub in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands . He believes culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts .
Amy Wilkinson claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . She was ordered to pay back £17,604 that she claimed over two years . Admits two charges of dishonestly making false representations . Retired Manchester United manager Tommy Docherty was sacked in 1977 .
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in southeast Victoria . Onlookers were shocked but it looks like there's no bad blood between the two native Australian's as wallabies continued happily graze . Wilsons Promontory National Park is home to a range of wildlife including kangaroos, emus and numerous other smaller marsupials . It's illegal to feed wildlife in the national park and if
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday . This just over one month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials, employees and police . The town that drew only 12.3 percent of registered voters last April had 29.4 percent turnout Tuesday, according to the St. Louis County Board of Elections .
Ruth Davison is a leading critic of the Conservatives' plan . She bought a £1million terrace house in Islington for £440,000 10 years ago . Now she has been leading the campaign to prevent people owning own homes .
Just nine Dartmouth students told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive . Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer . 'Just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,' one student said .
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party . Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of it in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page . 'When you are ready to pick it up it will be at Albury police station,' the status read alongside a selfie of police officer .
The 26-year-old bride-to-be was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday . More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in her hometown Canowindra . Orange resident Mark Andrew said it was a 'surreal start to a sad and poignant day' Family and friends of the pair had flown from around the world to attend their big day, but are now bracing themselves to attend the body . Efforts to find out exactly what happened to Ms Scott are continuing with forensic specialists expected to carry out a post-
Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the list, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Baby . More current hits from Pitbull, Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut . One in five parents admit changing the lyrics in lullabies because they don't them well enough, and one in ten insist it's because their version is better .
A study of 2.3 million parents has revealed that 7.35am is the most hectic, frenzied time of day in Australian households . Parents spend an average 140 hours making breakfast each year . Sophie Falkiner, a model and TV presenter, says she has a 'million and one' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door . The study also found that Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week .
Oxford University study finds babies are more sensitive to pain than adults . It overturns medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold . Infants' brains react in much the same way as adults when given mild pain .
Injaz was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 . She is said to have conceived naturally and will have a calf late this year . Her name means 'achievement' in Arabic and used for racing and transport .
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on her electronic dog door . After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position .
Local campaigners are calling for a judicial review into the scheme . They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds . £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne for the project .
The self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands . They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society . Mirrreyes' displays can lead to political and legal advantages down the road . One such person, eldest of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar, jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil and vanished without a trace .
25-year-old man was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in 1989 . Was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection . The booster is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots . In the UK new parents asked if they would like their newborn to recieve the supplement .
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan . He said they slept with one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show . Sellers said: 'Nothing inappropriate happened' and she stayed at the Clan until 7am talking politics . Unfortunately, Sellers wasn't buying the show and the accused woman said he had sex with them 'no matter what'
St Mary’s Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the delivery . Two other hospitals in Reading and Norfolk are on standby in case Duchess leaves . The 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury, Berkshire, this week .
Last year Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia . Faced with the rapid destruction of habitats through pollution and overpopulation, the photographer hopes his images will inspire viewers .
An Indiegogo page to raise money in support of police officer Michael Slager had $393 of a $5,000 goal on Thursday . The site refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns . Slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back on Saturday . A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegoegogo, which featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform . As of Thursday at 11am, that total had jumped to $541 and two hours later .
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst, 71, has pleaded not guilty to two state gun charges related to his arrest last month . Prosecutors have asked a judge to order him to be brought to federal court for a hearing next Thursday — and that he remains in U.S. custody until the federal matter is resolved . He was arrested in New Orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part HBO documentary called 'The Jinx' about his family .
The 'screw' is an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a UFO and paranormal team . They claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old . After X-raying it, scientists believe there is another hidden ‘screwe’ inside the stone . But more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object, so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
The incident took place in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad . U.S. Embassy staff were accounted for and returned to their mission . One of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier, as is the coalition's policy . Also, an Afghan soldier killed three American contractors on January 29 .
Stacey Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing a Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train on Wednesday . Ms Eden's video of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning . Police are investigating the incident .
Rita Wilson, 58, revealed on Tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery . The actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday .
Richard Attenborough made his big-screen debut in 1942 in Which We Serve . He was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Steven Spielberg’s Jurassic Park . Many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera and include unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches .
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses . The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power' Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am . A religious leader who had
Final Discworld novel written by Sir Terry Pratchett to be released in September . Will feature a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books . The book will be set in the alternate universe and feature elephants and giant turtle roaming through space .
The SANTO seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat . It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . A baby seat could be fitted securely into the chair .
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday . He was supposed to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday . Six other inmates had been waiting for Dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation . Four of them were treated, and one of the four remained hospitalized Tuesday afternoon, and the other two were returned to their cells .
Hillary Clinton's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby' - ran 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89 on Monday . No one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted sirens . A Secret Service agent saw the van drive an hour north to the town of Claremont, New Hampshire, with a black caboose car slamming on the brakes time and again . The presidential front-runner's entourage dined at the home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia
Boy, 8, pulled dead from the water at the scene on Thursday evening . His 13-year-old brother, Abdelkrim Elmezayen, is in a stable condition in hospital . Family had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor . Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived . Firefighter Miguel Meza has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino
The Press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms, mocking their trendy (or spartan) kitchens, silly casual clothes and their strange hairstyles . The UK is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire, from 19th century caricaturists such as George Cruikshank and James Gillray . All the pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election .
Dozens of complaints made at horse riding event for cancer charity . Event in Greencastle, Northern Ireland, apparently used surprise jump in shape of car . One animal can be seen crashing into the turf, dismounting a rider . A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at event .
Four women worked at Wentworth Croft Care Home in Bretton, Cambridgeshire . Said one woman was going to be killed and another was living in a brothel . Judge said he had to find a 'just, proportionate sentence' as he jailed them . Workers 'systematically' abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses .
Luke Shambrook went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon, north-east of Melbourne . The 11-year-old was spotted by a police helicopter on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search . A uniformed police officer spotted the dramatic moment rescuers reached him first . One of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boy shoulders . His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as they were put into an ambulance in a stretcher . He is suffering from dehydration and hypotherm
The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-- collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near Opera House . Their condition is critical overnight but they are now stable . One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police . Three men and woman were hospitalised last November after taking the pills .
Dove grey suit was made by Viennese tailor, Tiller, who made uniforms for the Nazis during the war . Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer . The suit is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon .
Constable's 1824 painting Beaching A Boat, Brighton was looted by Nazis . Nazis stole the painting and smuggled it out of Hungary . It turned up in Britain in 1962 and passed through several hands in 1986 . The family launched a claim three years ago and said Tate had 'moral obligation' to return it .
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo . They were encouraged to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space by their mother, Cara, aged nine . Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue .
Photographers were sent by Europcar to explore and snap landmarks on the Isle of Skye in three days . They posted their findings using the hashtag #MovingSkyewards . The aim was to show how access to a vehicle enables you to fully explore some of Scotland’s most picturesque and remote locations .
Comfortably Numb numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin in 60 seconds . Current solutions are either ineffective because they don'tumb the skin adequately or take too long, the researchers said .
Asbestos discovered in the roof at New York City's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials will begin this month . Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during renovation .
The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence selects 123 of its 'prettiest soldiers' The photos show the women in three set poses in military uniform . They have already been viewed more than 30,000 times online . The competition is also open to voters from Krygystan, Azerbaijan and Russia .
'Chris' was shot in the leg by Taliban gunmen near his home in Khost . His two-year-old son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack . Chris says it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him . He worked with elite units including the SAS for more than three years .
Office workers were shocked to discover a couple having sex in a park . Happened during steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley . Temperatures reached 25C on hottest day of the year so far and warmest April ever on record .
Lidos in Plymouth are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration . For those who are more adventurous, look around, there are countryside watery holes to dip your toe into . A fountain spews water from the centre, stripes adorn the lanes and waterfront pool has panoramic views out to sea .
James Bond would have lasted just seven minutes into his last movie Skyfall before succumbing to fatal wounds from a uranium shot if the agent played by Daniel Craig was real . A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero . They concluded that the hero would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film .
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face . The Center for Campus Involvement has announced the decision to cancel the showing Tuesday in response to complaints by students about portrayals of Arabs and the Middle East in the film . Sophomore Lamees Mekkaoui started a petition earlier in the day after learning that a showing of the film was planned for Friday .
Clare Van Santen was diagnosed when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child, Elijah, now aged nine . The Perth mum-of-five has been told her cancer is terminal ten years on . After undergoing a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children . She is currently battling terminal breast cancer .
Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment . She allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over 10-foot-deep enclosure . The boy was treated for leg injury at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo on Saturday . He suffered minor bumps and bruises and is listed in stable condition . Schwab is assistant director at the facility's Sawmill Road KinderCare .
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico . The Australian was given a tummy tuck and began complaining of shortness of breath . She was in so much pain she could not move, her sister Belinda Munoz said . Dr Victor Ramirez, of the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali, lost another patient a year before her tragic death .
Navy's X-47B drone is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the program . Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland . Drone is about the size of an F/A-18 Super Hornet, weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg) and has a 62ft (20m) wingspan . Refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend .
Charmain Speirs, 41, was found face-down in a bath in Ghana last week . Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder . The couple were said to have argued during a stay at a Christian centre . But Mr Isaiah's lawyer claimed she was a habitual heroin user in court . He said his sister had 'never touched drugs' and was addicted to drugs .
Patrons called police Sunday after discovering no staff at the Dunkin' Donuts in Hanover, Maryland . An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . Palak Bhadreskumar Chetanbhai Patel, 21, died at the scene, police said . Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadrisa Wurie, is cooperating with police .
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry . When he found the timber shard it was a piece of wood with splinters . The 59-year-old immediately contacted Iceland who are currently investigating .
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail . He's due back in court Monday for a felony hearing, but if he posts bail, the date could be pushed back to April 22 . Police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court on Monday night after they noticed he 'smelled of alcohol' but he proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by de
Aaron Hernandez was booked at Cedar Junction, Massachusetts, on Wednesday afternoon . He was taken to the 700-inmate facility where he will begin a life sentence for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd . On Wednesday, a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty, sentencing him to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Hernandez has vowed to appeal the decision .
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint . South African tech company BunnyCorp stepped in to make a 3D printed leg . The new limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces .
President Barack Obama dined with tech giants Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg four years ago . Google's then-CEO Eric Schmidt shared the head of the table with Zuckerberg as part of a presidential candidate series . The White House visitor logs suggest a different kind of story for the Silicon Valley behemoth . Employees have been in the White House more than 230 times .
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris is available on Amazon . Book contains a quip about a man watching his wife get beaten up by five men . Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and 'staggeringly offensive'
The 58-year-old actress tweeted: 'I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you' The actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery on Monday .
TV presenter has opened up about her closeness with Frank Lampard's daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine . Says that building a bond with his children has been a careful and well thought-out process . Wants to be careful of disrupting their lives, says Bleakley .
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week . Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules . Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .
18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on sandbank at Blackpool Beach while out walking during school break . But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on nearby pier did nothing to help - instead they took out their smartphones . Lifeboat crew member Nathan Lee: 'They thought they were going to die'
The HBO drama, based on George RR Martin's fantasy novels, is about to begin its fifth series . Game of Thrones has seen many female characters take leading roles - mainly because men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances . Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, is set to bring her army, replete with dragons, to Westeros for the final episode . Lena Headey has hinted that Arya Stark may survive the ten episodes of season five .
Jade Ruthven, 33, wrote a scathing letter to an 'baby spamming' mother . She got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano . 'Poison pen' wrote endless pictures and statuses about her baby daughter . Says 'we can't wait for you to get back to work - maybe you won't have time to be on Facebook so much'
Darius, who measures over four feet long, is officially the world's biggest rabbit . But his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge . It costs her £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples .
Amit Yadav, 20, lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo . Brothers Haider, 20, and Taimur Kayani, 17, from Leytonstone, were killed . The couple, Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai, also suffered serious injuries .
Laurent Stefanini was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See . The appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the French media, according to French media . It added: 'The homosexuality of the appointee would have triggered a barrage against him' Vatican City, home of Holy See and headquarters of global Catholic Church, covers 110 acres and has a population of 842 .
Case has strikingly similar traits to £60m heist in London two years ago . Thieves targeted 294 security vaults at the Volksbank in January 2013 . There has been speculation that the robbers, who have never been caught, are Polish .
Disgraced Democrat Rod Blagojevich, 58, has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color . He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges . Photos show the former governor sitting at a desk, reading a book and wearing glasses and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt .
Gao Yu, 71, named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000 . She leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet . The document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights'
Queen waved to crowds from balcony at Amalienborg Palace . Joined by sons Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45 . Stunning fireworks display and magnificent dinner at Fredensborg Castle .
Two men armed with handguns have robbed three Pennsylvania banks so far this year, most recently on April 10 . FBI suspects that the thieves are former police officers themselves . The men, both 5'8''-5'9'' are in excellent physical condition and have threatened to kidnap people and shoot police if engaged .
Protest letters delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy . Campaign is hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma .
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris by reserve deputy Robert Bates on April 2 . Glanz said the special FBI agent in charge of the state of Oklahoma, Jim Finch, had informed him of the investigation's results earlier that morning . The 73-year-old reserve deputy says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School . Was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he pulled up his shorts . He exposed himself to a 33-year-old passenger at Wokingham station . Pleaded guilty to indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court in Coventry . Has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing .
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby . Perfect restored steam engines were out in force on scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala . The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April . While the railway line was axed during Beeching's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived to become the world's busiest steam heritage route .
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter . The toys include a long 'tail' that swings from side to side when user presses a button . System uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys .
Len Barnes battled Clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea . 75-year-old showed no signs of improvement after undergoing faecal transplant . Gastroenterologist performed procedure at University Hospital of North Tees . His daughter Debbie stepped in and acted as donor .
Companies looking to protect their reputations include Youtube.sucks, Bing.suckeds, Visa . 'Sucks' Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd were illegal .
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived 75 million years ago . Some of the injuries may have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, but others may have occurred after death . The theory follows analysis of skeletons of Tarbosaurus bataar from 90 sites in Gobi Desert, Mongolia .
John Travolta has broken his silence on the controversial HBO documentary Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief . The 61-year-old was speaking to the Tampa Bay Times while promoting his upcoming film The Forger . He said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive--nothing like the blackmailing, physically abusive cult portrayed in the film . 'Why would I even approach a negative perspective? That would be a crime to me, personally, to do that,' he said 
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing last week . Most claimed to be linked to extremists currently terrorising vast swathes . Twitter has confirmed cull was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center . The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial .
Rachelle Friedman was paralyzed from the neck down in May 2010, breaking her neck . She and college friend Laurel, whose husband and son are a surrogate, offered to carry a child for them . Rachelle can conceive and carry children but her blood pressure is too high . The couple will welcome the girl on April 18 - four hours after her due date .
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau in Suitland, Maryland was shot in the abdomen and later died in Washington, D.C. Heavily armed tactical teams swarmed to the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates . The suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city . He went to investigate and it cost him his life, according to reports .
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy, ... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence . Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the squad because they made big arrests that made them look good .
Man robbed a Union St dairy in east Christchurch wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask on Saturday . He was described as 'very tall' and made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash . Police say there were no signs of any weapons but that the robber remained at large .
One in four have sympathy for young Jihadi John extremists joining ISIS . Six out of ten British Muslims have strongly condemned those joining . Survey on behalf of Sky News found one-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims .
Report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited efforts to counter violent extremism . Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a 'serious national security threat' But the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response . The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky Jama's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'
Ancient Buddhist meditation practice could be as effective as modern drugs . Mindfulness is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation . Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group . This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs, said the researchers .
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris in April 2 . Records include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, a neo-Nazi, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of killing his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane . He said in a prison interview on Wednesday that Lane tried to take advantage of his brother and found his brother . 'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he said, claiming he did so because he hates homosexuality . Stan
The Hop Theory sachets promises to turn lager into craft beer within two minutes . Craft beer boasts hops, fruit peels and natural spices, and is set to hit the market this summer . Project has been criticised as misleading about what constitutes as 'craft beer'
The state of Illinois faces a financial crisis because of budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site . On Tuesday, the 150th anniversary of John Wilkes Booth's assassination, although the president was pronounced dead the following day . 'It's strange to think that there is a place where Lincoln still physically exists in the world, let alone that it's place like this,' writes one historian .
Police overheard a phone call between Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman and Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, last Friday, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again' The couple were pictured outside their New York home on Thursday, nearly a week after he allegedly groped a 22-year-old model . The Hollywood producer, 63, has been accused of sexually assaulting the Italian model during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office .
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November . The autoimmune disease can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug . It has robbed him of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun - something his mother says has been 'very difficult'
Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event . Warren Rodwell was abducted from his home in the Philippines in December 2011 . He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a significant ransom . The government did not place a timeframe on when Mr Abbott should decide on his case .
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2 . Remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning . Comes after police received a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface two hours after she went missing . Stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested on suspicion of obstructing justice and possessing ammunition .
Lexy Wood, the daughter of Kyesha Smith Wood, was watching Cinderella with her daughter Ashley when she confronted her . The 13-year-old and her brother Nick, 16, were 'rude and obnoxious' during the movie . Mrs Wood said that the teenagers had ruined the last time she would take her daughter to the movies for a while . She reached out on Facebook and has now apologized to her victim .
BBC political editor announced at start of March that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour . But he said he hopes to be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper' Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse Labour's manifesto . Mr Robinson, 51, who is married with three children, has been sent an outpouring of good wishes led by Prime Minister David Cameron .
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the leaks, according to Henry Jackson Society report . They have also released three 'significant' encryption programmes 'within a three- to five-month time frame of leaks' Hackers have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down .
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life in the death of her son Garnett-Paul Spears . The five-year-old was poisoned with salt by her ex and the boy's father, Chris Hill, on Wednesday . Spears appeared emotionless as the verdict was read, showing no emotion when she was sentenced . Judge said Spears is suffering from a mental illness and the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
Marcel Hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to brim with biodegradable powder . The 26-year-old Austrian was the first male skier to win four straight World Cup titles .
Girl, 19, tells of ISIS attack in Mosul, Iraq, where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by ISIS militants . She and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months . The girl managed to escape with some of the other girls by jumping out a bedroom window, but two were caught as they fled .
Victim Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes at Everleigh, near Amesbury . Wiltshire Police have dropped an investigation into the assault just three months after it took place .
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease . He needed his first major operation at just nine months old . Mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save her son . But the boy's body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital . Yesterday he was allowed 40 per cent of his liver to be transplanted .
Anthropologists studying the remains of a prehistoric woman nicknamed The Red Lady of El Mirón have found spores of several mushrooms in her teeth . The remains were found in an elaborate grave in a Spanish cave 18,700 years ago . It is thought the woman was aged 35 to 40 when she was entombed .
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate . Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition . The university's Women's Collective had launched a petition on the website change.org to have Mr Ritchie removed from his role .
Twelve-year-old Alfie underwent an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic . Owner Lynne Edwards only realised something was wrong when he refused food . She took him to a vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns . Animal Trust confirmed their vets are now using an incubator to heat pads .
Up to 2500 stranded on a Carnival Spirit cruise are at mercy of wild seas as storms batter the east coast . The massive swell, seen from video images taken from on-board, shows just how treacherous and stomach churning conditions are . One passenger said: 'Even as we speak the ship is creaking and moaning. One crew member has been working here for 10 years and reckons it’s the roughest he’s seen' Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanu
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits . The changes will come into full effect in 2016 . Currently 39,000 children under the age of 15 are immunised against deadly diseases . Some doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated .
Capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram . Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account that boasts over 1,000 Twitter followers . The pictures and videos he is featured in on his various social media accounts .
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year . Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa . Despite worrying stats, only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans . Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks . There are 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014, compared to 29 in 2015 .
A contestant on Friday night's episode of Jeopardy asked: 'The age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a . freemason who inexplicably answered: "What is the age of consent?' It isn't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first, but Tom's answer must have left things feeling slightly awkward in the TV studio
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant at Torbay Hospital . They hoped a bone marrow transplant would have given them a bright future . But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill for the operation to live . The couple are now set to marry tomorrow in hospital's chapel .
Iona and Emily Costello were visiting Manhattan on March 30 when they went missing . They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health . Comes days after details emerged about the background of her late husband's family, who were in dispute over her will .
New book by former education journalist David Turner lays bare little-known history of Britain's public schools . From the 18th Century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country's schools - including Eton .
Mary Kay Kay Letourneau pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, Vili Fualaau . Their 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born behind bars while her mother was out on probation in 1998 . Her sister Georgia, 16, was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student . Walters will air 20/20 on Friday at 10pm .
The Shire of Montana is located in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state . The 20-acre property boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in . Guests are able to watch TV or select a title from the Hobbit series's books, or simply relax while escaping the daily grind .
The former politician and passionate environmental activist is selling his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs . The 193 centimetre rockstar’s home boasts beautiful high ceilings, bathed in sunlight and perfect for entertaining . It was bought by Peter Garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the Minister for Environment Protection, Heritage and the Arts as part of the Gillard government . From the kitchen, french doors open up the home, masterfully designed with a clever use of space, including the living room, dining room, study
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park . The largest gathering of people dressed as Superman was 867 . Venues in 15 cities, including Los Angeles and Queensland, participated in the event . Some fans even dressed up their pets as superheroes .
The record-breaking 728kg pumpkin was presented to elephants at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Friday morning . The giant monster, the work of grower Dale Oliver, was the biggest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia .
Elijah Cook was born deaf on January 2 and failed three more tests . Then at nine-weeks-old, he was fitting with hearing aids for the first time . Doctors fitted him with the aids as soon as possible, and he will undergo a more serious set of tests in a few months .
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison . Dr Feng was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security, according to the Dui Hua foundation . The 50-year-old was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry .
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies in victims' Northern Quarter district . He asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' In one case he walked into victim's bedroom as she slept and made off . Hall admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary . Judge Martin Rudland said he had 'deliberately targeted vulnerable women'
After years of heartbreak, Sarah Ivens has two children, William and Matilda . Pregnancy expert Zita West said: 'In a way modern life has done women a disservice'
Frederick's of Hollywood, which is known for its sexy lingerie, has closed all of its 94 locations . The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model after years of declining sales .
Jay Kantaria, 38, leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station last October . Coroner records open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' He had left his job at investment management company to start career . Graduate died instantly of 'severe traumatic brain injury', inquest hears .
Alex Perry will not show at this year's MBFWA in Sydney . The design powerhouse is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row . This is only the second Fashion Week Perry has missed in two decades . Kym Ellery is one of his favourite designers showing this week .
Sarah Wilson, 41, opened up about her battle with mental illness in an interview . During the intimate interview Ms Wilson revealed it was a combination of issues, including mounting stress, anxiety, her thyroid disease and distant family . While she hadn't found a husband, nor had children, she felt increasingly isolated . In her eyes, depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked . One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .
The antics of Marc Wabafiyebazu, 17, and his brother, 17, were brought to a sudden halt on March 30 when a drugs raid went wrong . Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first . The boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent Coral Way district .
The doll, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city . It has green hair and pink lips and wears jeans and a white strap top . The attraction can be entered through the right heel and exited via the left . Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex .
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is facing an animal cruelty charge after authorities say he bit his mom's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo . The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel . Etzel said the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog .
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington . Christie, a candidate-in-waiting, said, 'Marijuana is a gateway drug' and claimed America has an 'enormous addiction problem' 'We need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' Christie said .
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil, 20, was forcibly removed from a Wayne County courtroom in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida . He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday before fleeing more than 500 miles south on Tuesday . At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted in its revised publication on marijuana that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom . Studies of the chemicals in marijuana has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals . Currently two cannabinoids of around 100 are of medical interest . THC increases appetite and reduces nausea, may decrease pain, inflammation and muscle control problems .
Rilie Carey learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating . She starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play, over the hills' But as the rhyme continues, the number of ducks returning to her decreases . As she gets to the penultimate verse, she starts to sob with her arm across her face . At the end of the clip she leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return .
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her home for a date with a man she met on messaging service Kik on April 3 . She reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account . But when she spoke with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, he said he had kicked her out of his car around midnight . Surveillance video taken outside a Sunoco gas station on the night of Pegram's disappearance shows her getting out of the car . The car then drives away with both people
Christine Lillico, 47, was trusted with looking after parents' bank accounts . But instead she stole £78,000 from them over a six year period, Newcastle Crown Court heard . In the last months of her life John Air went without a telephone and basic amenities . He was in debt for the first time in his life because of his daughter's crimes . Lilico has been jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay brother £39,000 .
Passengers and flight attendants have taken to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits . Results include feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms . Former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen started the group on Facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted .
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, has become the fastest man to run around the world completing the 16,300-mile journey . The epic 621-day challenge took him through 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes . He was the first man to complete the feat unsupported by a team, and pushed his kit along himself in a stroller .
Woman, 77, was struck by lightning while sitting in her car as she sat in car . Days later, her hairdresser noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye - and referred to opthalmologist Mohit Gupta . He scanned the patient's retina using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography (OCT) Days later a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina - responsible for around 90 per cent of a person's vision .
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly crushed 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday . She told investigators that she decided to hurt Campbell because she did not want to be his girlfriend anymore . Jennifer Beaumont, 26, has been interviewed but her involvement is yet unclear .
Wimbledon champion Andy Murray is marrying in his home town of Dunblane . The couple are preparing to marry in their home town this weekend . Locals have already sent gifts to either Andy or his bride-to-be .
Photography competition was held in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference . Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, True Love . Veronica Elliot won best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric Draft .
Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing 37-year-old Damion Soward . Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in a cell shared with Phillips, 39 . He was once one of the nation's top college football players at Nebraska . Prison officials said they suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing his cellmate .
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez . He was in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter . Butler then dragged her body from the driver's seat and left it on road .
Ashton Wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car . He launched a Kickstarter campaign last year in an effort to raise $22,500 . The Queenslander is now campaigning for the United State's Lemon laws to be introduced in Australia .
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child . His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying . He then refused to leave the family house for years and married Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online . The Brazilian, who has come to be known as 'the gentle giant', married the woman three feet smaller than him .
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section in Shropshire . When she woke up, she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth . Only realised when someone showed her a picture of baby Felix wearing hand-me-downs, and it 'clicked' that he was her son . The mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery .
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka . The party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war . But the move has been slammed by the man’s supporters, who have called for a nationwide general strike .
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow film-goers during a screening in front of her . An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23, while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, just before the end of the film .
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron on Tuesday . Aaron Davis, 31, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am . Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was walking to a garage when the driver and his passenger fled the scene following the crash . Mitchell faces several charges including vehicular manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding, leaving the scene of a crash involving a death, DUI serious bodily injury and trying to escape
Sammy Griner, 39, has become the internet's most positive meme . His father, Justin, discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends three days a week undergoing dialysis . He is unable to work and never has energy and is wearing a t-shirt bearing his face . The family set up a GoFundMe page on Tuesday to raise money for the kidney transplant and subsequent medications .
'Mama' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson have filed a missing persons report after his brother disappeared three days ago . Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom . Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn’t returning any phone calls or texts . The family's popular reality show, Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, was cancelled by TLC after photos emerged of
Marianne Power has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month which claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’ The unleash The Power Within seminar was held in London's Docklands on Thursday . The idea is that once you overcome the fear of walking on coals, you can 'conquer the other fires of your life with ease'
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne . 'You're a minority' Mr Clarke fired back: 'Not according to sales,' Greens Senator asked . Mr Clarki also rejected allegations alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the U.S. virtually tax free . She argued The Australian was run for ideological purposes and accepted her contention .
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile . New update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site . Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature .
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted onto a riverbank when parachutes tangled at the Perrine Bridge, Idaho, and were left badly injured . But a year later, after intensive recovery, both men have returned to the sport . Mr Carey has even retraced steps to successfully jump from Pennine Bridge .
ISIS has beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb in city of al-Mayadin . They are marched to a wooden stump and told to kneel in brutal retaliation . One by one, the alleged fighters are paraded in front of men and young boys . Their heads are carefully placed on wooden platform before they are taken clean off . Six-minute long barbaric video was posted online on April 5 and shows seemingly normal day in ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria .
Leaked poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat he is contesting . He is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast . If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet .
Former air hostess, 63, won a £14.5m London mansion following divorce . Husband, 90, bought a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia . But after their divorce, woman moved into 'opulent' maisonette, court told . It was originally three flats converted into one large home, worth £22m . The husband, who is said to be worth £600m and blows up to £10m per year, was also made to give his wife their 'holiday' property
An Israeli geologist claims to have ‘confirmed’ the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem . Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood . The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place .
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey . This year it was ranked number 67, the second worst supermarket . As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce . Walmart was joined by A&P (rated number 66 and Waldbaum's), which each earned 64 points - the lowest out of the supermarkets surveyed .
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests . Front row guests were given a personalised tablet with their gift bag . A few of the gifts went missing when a second row guest decided to snap them up for themselves . Jessica Mauboy, Jordan Stenmark and Lindy Klim were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats .
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath . She has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk . Despite greyness, the appalling cold, and downright bleakness of the North sea here .
Model contains more than 30,000 figures and illustrates key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces . It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary, which falls on June 18 of this year . The model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events - but also a third of the true number who took part .
Neuroscientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles . The lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the Pill . They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms .
Martynas Kupstys, 26, spent three hours on a bus stop after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014 . The Lithuanian was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court . He was this week jailed for life following the murder in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, in January 2014 and uploaded a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver .
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31 . The 17-year-olds are believed to be related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006 . He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims .
Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28 . The beverage will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice . Starbucks lovers took to Twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive .
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops on Friday . Today his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health . Crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 'King of Clubs' He was ranked sixth on the US military's list of 55 most-wanted Iraqis .
My Extraordinary Pregnancy star picks up rocks outside her house in her third pregnancy . She says: 'If I could trade with someone that's craving pickles or sushi I would do it, I would love that any day' The Rocks outside her home can be as simple as something like ice or it could be complicated as eating nails .
Image of Elisha Wilson Beach breastfeeding her toddler has gone viral . Originally posted on Instagram and then shared on Facebook, it has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on Facebook more than 211,000 times . The picture has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused on hygiene .
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years . Her gargantuan collection now fills four whole rooms, including one dedicated to Princess Diana alone . The retired charity worker is also obsessed with meeting the real thing .
Warning for tsunami on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest, near Taiwan . Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said in a statement that there is 'no tsunami threat from this earthquake' The 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck 71 kilometres (44 miles) east of Hualian, Taiwan at 0143 GMT .
Stephanie Scott, 26, is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5 . The school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder . Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10 . A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west . Family, friends, students and even strangers will remember the brunette at the 'Elympics' function centre .
Major-General Alastair Duncan is in a psychiatric unit after taking drug . Major General was given drug before a deployment to Sierra Leone in June . Lariam is brand name for drug mefloquine due to concerns over side effects .
Muslim men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' During a recent crossing, a fight broke out over religion and 12 Christians were thrown to their deaths . The group are from the Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau . This week Italian coastguards intercepted more than 42 boats attempting to make the crossing to Europe .
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES . Ex porn star Christy Mack, 23, fled her Las Vegas home on August 8, 2014 . She claims Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship, which started fast . They met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her, bringing pizza to her hotel . Now, nine months later, she is on the road to recovery, and is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder .
Polls suggest rampant Scottish National Party has extended its lead over Labour . Jim Murphy, Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander could lose their seats . Nationalists also on course to wipe out Lib Dems in Scotland, even Charles Kennedy . Survey by Lord Ashcroft reveals swings to SNP on scale unprecedented in European politics .
Crew of the Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's largest warship, came up with the novel way of tidying carrier decks . They strapped an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, and used the contraption as a leaf blower to blow debris overboard . Even a single stray nut or bolt, if sucked into one of the fighter plane's engines, could spell disaster for pilot .
Anmer Hall, on the North Norfolk coast, is set to become its principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family . The couple will spend the first night at Kensington Palace – as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping . Prince George will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round .
With temperatures creeping up, let’s celebrate with some ice cream makers . MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street .
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared . Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean . Until then, a deep water channel called the Central America Seaway separated the continents . The researchers claim that a bridge, perhaps a transient one, was present since 13 to 15 million years ago .
Cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but the Republican presidential candidate said this weekend that he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books . He implied during a Daily Mail Online conversation that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws . The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal
Deborah, 43, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' The home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . The treatment costs from £250 (including a cut and blowdry, or £195 without)
Scientists at Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine . The neutralising antibody was designed to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells . As a result patients injected with the antibody saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load in sufferers' blood . Anti-retroviral drugs currently used can fight a wide range of HIV strains .
Rogue staff misled the Financial Ombudsman, deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints . They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI . Labour’s John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery .
Brian and Joan Ogden had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho in Benidorm when they took a wallet . CCTV footage shows a thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of Mr Oggden, 80, while her accomplice attempts to block the view . After the wallet was taken, MrOgden followed the crooks out of the hotel and asked for the wallet back, and got it .
Vlad Tarasov skid down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District . The filthy pile served as a dumping ground for the historic winter snowfall . It included rusted lawn chairs, parking cones, broken bottles and even a dead seagull .
Device called Hailstorm can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna . Details resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire . The Baltimore case surrounds a carjacking and robbery, but case has raised questions among defense attorneys .
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m . Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home . The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building, with six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens .
Deputy PM says Ukip and DUP could hold Cameron to 'ransom' in a second hung Parliament . Comes after Mr Farage held an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government . He called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win .
Judge Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years . The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . Recently extended her CBS contract and plans to keep her court in session into 2020 .
Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign . Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, he said, is 'out of control' and that it has to be addressed by candidates . He said Clinton has a very progressive history, which is seen through her work with children and families .
The kite was dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head' It was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing . But Chinese aviation authorities ruled the kite could not be flown . They were forced to fly only half of it .
Actress Jemima Kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a new PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights . The organization hopes her story will encourage other women to be open and honest about reproductive rights .
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, a man she described as her stepfather . Phillips allegedly abandoned the teen and the toddler in a North Las Vegas home and took the other five children to Oakland, California . The three-year-old was found dead in the back seat of a broken-down car in the garage of the home . Lachchaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know she was pregnant .
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggests that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust . Poles are waiting to see if Comey would issue an apology — something that hadn't happened by late Monday . His comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II .
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at babysitter's home . He was pronounced dead the next day, police said . The boy's parents said they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son and that they plan to donate some of his organs .
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com over an 18-month period . They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) and other users dubbed NBUs . The research was carried out by PhD students from Stanford and Cornell University, led by Justin Chang, in a paper called Antisocial Behavior in Online Discussion Communities .
Dr Sahar Hussain panicked when she was unable to get through gates . The 53-year-old denied assaulting the two workers saying she was worried about being stranded on her own because she is a Muslim woman . She was found guilty at City of London Magistrates' Court and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs .
Pleasaunce Cottage in East Grinstead has been upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th Century . With wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front, the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country . Unlike bungalows as they are referred to today, they are not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today .
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed, killing all 298 passengers and crew on July 17, 2014 . In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week . MailOnline's photographer spotted the burned passport of loving wife Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai, 45, who was killed in the horror . Her husband Clement, 47, whose husband and son were also killed, called for urgent action to clear the site .
Emma Dickson, 31, was meant to be planning her wedding to fiance Dougie, 26 . But she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed two blood clots . The condition caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married . She developed a pulmonary embolism and was left with bruises on her arms . Needed a blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life which have left her hair falling out and severe headaches - and it is uncertain whether she will be able to have children
Irishman Patrick Lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm . His brother has called for charges against Barry to be dropped . The incident happened outside a bar in Sydney's Potts Point on January 3 . Patrick was left in a pool of blood and vomit after being pushed by his brother . Barry, from Belfast in Ireland's north, was treated at the scene and pleaded guilty .
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . The site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia . Chunks of volcanic rubble jut out from the stepped hillside, which is considered sacred by the Sundanese people who live locally . If true, the claim could shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation .
Immerse is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45). It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie . The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) It has an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching . Other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view' - although the exact degree of view isn't listed .
The Homeless Period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets . It is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter . A video tells the story of a woman who slept rough for six months and was forced to use 'ripped up cloth' as a sanitary towel .
Clark Elmore confessed to raping and killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter in Washington in 1995 . The Washington Supreme Court rejected his claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial . Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state’s death row .
Obama threw off the gloves and took a direct punch at one of his possible successors, likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker, in an interview this morning . Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them' His jab left the White House's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president, who is prohibited by the Constitution from seeking another term .
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac . His photos from behind the bar at Terminal Bar, a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole open until 1982, show a side of Times Square that has disappeared in ads . 'It was a zoo. You had every hustler, every pimp, every wino. They were all there' he said . Terminal has been replaced with the shine of electric advertisements and thousands of tourists .
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents fled the UK . They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy . The treatment was ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the country . Following international arrest warrant was issued against them, they went to Spain . Now say there is 'no evidence' that he has been cured .
Two scuba girls from San Diego, California, have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . The latest addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures .
The best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a Wednesday night . While on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week . Slovakia tops the list, while the UK was in 45th place . Over the course of the week, people in Finland get the most hours sleep - Saturday with eight hours and two minutes, on average .
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper ceased production in 2003 . While VW has rolled out two concept 'microbuses' in recent years, neither have the charm or iconic good looks of its original . The placement of the motor and batteries will allow designers to borrow aspects of the original 1950s design . Compact technology will enable designers to keep 1950s features .
Veteran airman Andrew Danziger had his own close encounter with a UFO . He said the object glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing . 'I yelled to Bruce, "Holy s***," he told the newspaper as he spotted the white disc .
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off powerful drug risperidone four days after birth . 30-year-old walked out of Bristol maternity hospital without shoes or coat . The next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face of gorge . Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by .
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions . He critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits in his hometown . Writing critiques has become an almost daily hobby for the 38-year-old . The writer and his wife, Jill, are avid travellers, taking four 'sizeable' trips every year .
Former New England Patriots star is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded . Earlier today, he was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd . A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict . Hernandez will back in front of a judge later this year to face murder charges in the killings of Abreu and
Stacey Eden filmed the ranting on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon . The 23-year-old rushed to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray . Ms Eden said: 'Have some respect... What's that got to do with this poor lady?' Police are urging witnesses of the incident to come forward on Thursday . Daily Mail Australia has published video of the vile incident .
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun . Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions . Despite government efforts to stop the practice, the dangerous practice lingers . Clip shows the wedding party making its way towards the ceremony .
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native Iran . Incorrectly wearing the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . Homosexual acts are punishable by death in the state .
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks for booking . Police say the woman ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota into a wooden fence .
Kim Kardashian, Myleene Klass and Mariah Carey all took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter . Mariah appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up chocolate treats for her three-year-old twins Moroccan and Monroe .
Celebrity chef Pete Evans has been slammed for promoting fluoride-free water . Health Minister Jillian Skinner said she was 'highly disappointed' to see judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise . Evans has also been under fire for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats .
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on Anzac Day ceremony . The duo were 'associates' of man who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside Melbourne police station on September 23 .
Burberry chief executive Christopher Bailey launched his Beverley Hills flagship on Thursday night . Over 700 guests, including superstars Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood, turned out to support their pal . Event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles also marks the launch of its new flagship store that opened in November .
Madeline Luciano, 40, was fired following an investigation into the incident . She is said to have asked eighth grade pupils to write down 'vile' words . But the exercise was supposed to teach them to be kinder to each other . The teacher has now launched court action against New York's education department .
Chimps have learned to run across increasingly busy roads, say researchers . They found asphalted road through the Sebitoli area of Kibale National Park in Uganda . It is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads .
Insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old Apple and Moses aged nine . The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003 .
Mariel Hemingway was 16 when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan' The now 53-year-old wrote two new novels about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism, and suicide . Mariel, who was born just months before her granddaughter, has now written about her journey of self-discovery in two different novels . Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, describes Mariel’s journey as chaotic .
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in January last year . His death came just six months after he was returned to his care following more than a year with foster carers . But review into whether the care teams involved with the family could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
US Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down . They argued Joan Langbord and her sons cannot legally own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 . But a jury in 2012 sided with the government and returned the coins to them . US officials had not responded within 90-day limit to the family's seized-property claim, filed in 2004 .
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway and hit another car coming the other way . Onlookers said it was a 'miracle' her friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived the horror crash . The Lamborghini appears covered in foam - thought to be used to extinguish the fire .
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model . She appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines . The model believed her plus-sized counterparts have only one cracker and a couple glasses of water per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week .
Shadow chancellor says he is 'unequivocal' about post-election pact with SNP . Balls would not allow Sturgeon's party to dictate a deal at England's expense . Ed Miliband insists Labour will not form coalition with the SNP in election . But he has so far stopped short of dismissing looser arrangement .
Experts at Cardiff University examined data from more than 150 schools . Almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarettes, far more than had been tempted by tobacco (1.6 per cent) Meanwhile, 12% of 11 to 16 year-olds said they regularly used electronic devices . The odds of regular use were 100 times higher among current smokers than among non-smokers, and 50 times higher in those who had smoked cannabis .
Former Fat Families star Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming . He believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street and obesity warning signs outside fast food restaurants .
FLIR Systems Inc. has agreed to pay $9.5 million to settle bribery charges . SEC said its deficient financial controls failed to identify and stop the activities of employees who served as de facto travel agents for influential foreign officials to travel around the world on its dime . The Securities and Exchange Commission said the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts .
Officers identified as Michael Robison, 46, Noel Schwab, 49, a 16-year-veteran and Michael Celis, who has been on the force for 16 years, have reportedly resigned or said they will resign . The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012 .
The Duchess of Cornwall Honey is being produced in her Wiltshire garden . Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity . But Camilla’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey . Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent since last year .
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx after a physical fight . The Talibs were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend . Talib signed a six-year, $57 million contract last year .
Oratory School in Fulham, London, was ordered to revise admissions policy . State-funded school accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using strict faith-based entry requirements . High Court judge branded the decision by the watchdog 'unreasonable'
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania . Lithuanian gangster spun out legal battle for nearly five years last year . Judges at European Court of Human Rights criticised 'manifestly ill-founded' case .
Woman, 84, thought to have been helping husband park in Peacehaven, Lewes . Hit three parked cars as he attempted to parallel park in East Sussex park . She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs and various broken bones . Doctors placed her in a medically-induced coma and want to speak to her . No arrests have been made and police want to talk to her once she is out .
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam jumped through a side door of their van . But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . A customer heard a 'nasty crunch' as the 34-year-old's head hit the floor . The man who pushed Mr Prason to his death was jailed for 11 years today .
A clutch of sausages were laced with poison found on the Cuckoo Trail . They were loaded with the poison pellets and found hidden among grass . Comes after a spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove . Sussex Police have warned walkers to be aware when they're out walking dogs .
WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE . Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer after dashcam footage emerged of him mounting a sidewalk in his police car . Video shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, Arizona with a rifle . Seconds later, Officer Michael Rapiejko drove straight toward the suspect and smashed into his vehicle .
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail in Oahu, Hawaii Friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday . The 27-year-old was unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka - a popular spot among photographers . She was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm .
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford, caught fire this afternoon with smoke billowing from the roof . The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear . Cast and crew stayed there while filming the detective drama The Morse Bar . Roads were closed around the hotel as fire crews fought to stop the flames spreading .
Jake, six, and Seb, four, visited L'Ardéchoise site in Ardèche region . Site is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in France . Big hit for our boys was the pool complex - a waterfall and 'rapids' section . We returned them to our neighbours' tents to preserve community relations .
The 'made today, sold today' slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court . It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough . In many instances, the breads were partially baked in factories overseas, frozen and shipped to Australia months later to be sold as freshly baked loaves . ACCC Coles was also ordered to display a Federal Court corrective notice in its stores .
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost in woods before sliding to a 164ft cliff . He was on holiday with his mother, nine-year-old sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the French Alps . Family paid tribute to 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy' and said he had made life full of laughter with 'never a dull moment'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Militants have beheaded four men accused of theft in ISIS stronghold of Mosul . The photographs show the men being interviewed before they are dragged . Locals on the ground suggested the men's decapitated bodies were put on public display .
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst performing companies in Australia . The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in the country . Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara were amongst the best performers . It found that only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers . In Bangladesh the minimum wage is as little as US$68 a month and a living wage is US$104, the difference can be made by paying each worker just 30c per
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination . Hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on Monday night . It was the second explosion to hit the plant in just 20 months .
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died at Graylingwell Hospital in 1909 . She was suffering from 'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness' Art historian used records from the hospital, now stored at West Sussex records office, to track her down and lay flowers at her unmarked grave .
Disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath Welsh hills, was closed as part of Beeching Report . But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . It would be second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after ISIS beat him . He said ISIS fighters were looking for his brother who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group . His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized 90 per cent of the camp . 'I saw severed heads. They killed children in front of their parents. We were terrorised,' he said .
Video shows two of the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth . First of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines . Second jet disappeared from view in the clip, the video camera was knocked sideways . It was taken on the same day that Typhoons were deployed by the Royal Air Force .
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service .
JamieSilvonek must remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos ruled on Friday . Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, is charged with homicide . Cheryl's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia .
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds . David, 39, serves as bartender for company and helps him create the perfect presentation . Daughter Harper prefers oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and — not so unusually — chocolate .
Samantha Simmonds took an Easter holiday outing with her family . Six-year-old had a tooth knocked out and left for a walk in the backseat . The Sky newsreader described how she took some time off to spend with her children .
More than 7.8 million immigrants live in the UK, according to new data . U.S. has more than 45 million immigrants - the most of all nations . Countries which had the fewest number of immigrants include Morocco with 50,000 . London, Leicester, Birmingham and Bradford among the highest numbers . Prime Minister David Cameron failed in pledge to slash net migration to tens of thousands before general election .
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, 91, was prosecutor of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 . Included key Belsen figures, such as Dr Fritz Klein and Josef Kramer . He died in 2001 and struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed . Despite his honourable actions in the wake of the liberation of Bergen-Belsen .
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands . Paul Monk was captured at his villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast . Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences and are currently in custody awaiting extradition proceedings .
Five-month-old Elijah McCrae died in his mother's arms on Monday evening . His parents, Jessica and Andrew, created a 30-item bucket list for him . 'I'd rather death happen suddenly than have to grieve the impending death of my child then grieve again when he dies,' read one post on April 19 .
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times while on remand . He wrote to her from prison asking her to send him a suit for his trial . She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back . Yesterday it emerged he wrote to his wife from jail asking for a 'get my things together' before he was accused of murder .
Tory leader travelled to all all four home nations in bid to secure votes . He has also had to wade into arguments, defending outspoken ministers . On Thursday Cameron was forced to defend Michael Fallon after defence secretary claimed Ed Miliband would stab Britain’s national interest in the back .
The 50-year tradition has split the Gold Coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era . The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters . But local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed . They believe Meter Maids are violating council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise .
India's External Affairs V.K Singh is spearheading Operation Rahat . He made an unsavoury remark against the media . The comment evoked sharp reactions from the Opposition .
Zoe Hommel had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 . She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year . Inquest heard doctors could find no physical cause for her illness . Teenager insisted on having a series of operations including removal of healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she'd had surgery for a prolapse, inquest heard .
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . Graduate had caught taxi home after night out but didn't have enough cash . Inquest heard he ran from driver who gave chase at seaside town of Penarth .
Bernadette Forde was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in June 2011 . Gail O'Rorke, 51, has pleaded not guilty to helping her to kill herself . He is accused of making arrangements for wheelchair-bound Ms Forde to travel to Zurich, Switzerland, and administering a toxic substance .
Latvia-based drive eO PP03 is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h) It is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range . The Dakar Rally is the second oldest motor racing event in the US and runs on a 12.42 mile (20km) course with 156 turns in Colorado Springs .
Boeing's 'Space Bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on current 737 planes . The bins have been tested by a group of ‘frequent fliers’ who were hand-picked by Boeing . They have a lower lip height making it easier to load bags and see inside .
Leanne Bourne, a mother-of-four from Essex, was heartbroken when she suspected her partner Steve was having an affair . But in a twist, the younger woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe . Three years after the affair that tore family apart, Larissa has won back her sister . 'She wasn't just my sister. She was like a best friend and I'd do anything for her,' she says of her happy upbringing .
Daisy has had problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . The mother-of-two says the lice are a breeding ground for the bane of her life: pediculus humanus capitis, or head lice . Daisy's head lice are not uncommon in the U.S., however .
Shoshana Hebshi of Sylvania, Ohio, was strip-searched at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on September 11, 2011 . The woman, who has a Jewish mother and Saudi Arabian father, has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion . She was taken from the plane and held for hours before being released .
Peter Reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday when the tide came in . The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so the family were unable to move . Seconds later a police officer used a bulldozer to flip the car on its right side before pulling it out to sea .
At 5ft 7in the 39-year-old Oscar-winner has an out-of-the-ordinary UK shoe . The average shoe size in the UK has risen from 412 in 1900 to a roomy six today . Stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow have huge feet .
Islamic State launch social media rules to censor coverage of recent defeats . Senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any knowledge of the group's defeats or internal problems . Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters have been deemed as a breach of online security .
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth . While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife . The 36-year-old actress looks the same as when she did when she was a young 20-something .
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London . Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race . President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues .
The attackers, two 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by on Friday . Incident took place at Charlestown Square shopping centre in Newcastle . Youths could have been dealt with under Young Offenders Act . But seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal .
Modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's design . He thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea . Clock was initially set ticking after being strapped to observatory pillar . But it quickly became apparent trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on case so it could be verified . Time was measured using radio-controlled clock, which received national time signal, and BT speaking clock .
Homeless Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months after a stomach operation meant they could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener . The couple were forced to leave their home and live in their Ford Focus in Warrington to be closer to Victoria's job . They even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a Twix bar while sleeping in their car .
New poster campaign shows Ms Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader . Tory chairman Grant Shapps: 'The only way Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP' Comes as she uses an article in today’s Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim that she can help ‘lead the UK’
Family of four had been forced to live in one room of the house for six months . Builders had been called in to fix a leak in Beckle-Raymond's three bedroom property . Instead, rain got into the house leaving the family with no roof . They ran off with £17,000 of their money and only had tarpaulin protecting it .
Hernandez was a key part of the New England Patriots offense . He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion . But he was not the golden boy he seemed to be . His arrest for the murder of Odin Lloyd was just the first time he's been held accountable for his actions .
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over floor of bookstore after being sick in March . Manager said mess was 'gigantic in diameter' and had to clean it up . But her spirits were raised when she received handwritten apology and gift card . Letter arrived at Powell's on April 1 and was marked ‘attention barf cleaners’
Nyia Parler, 41, was arrested in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault and neglect . Police say she drove her quadriplegic son, 21, into the woods with nothing but a blanket and a Bible . Parler's other son, 16, is said to be in the custody of an aunt .
The 'yes means yes' law was first passed in California in 2014 . Amanda Chatel is a victim of rape and blames herself for being a 'bit inebriated' victim . Law requires all colleges and universities to take financial aid funding from California to adhere to the standard for consent outlined by the law . An estimated one out of five women will be sexually assaulted during their college careers .
Slipper Island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island, has been purchased forAUD $6.75 million . Wendy Wei Mei Wu lists her occupation online as 'housewife' but she is otherwise shrouded in mystery . Some of them claiming it represents 'the loss of the family's legacy', reports Stuff NZ . Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Man
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 . She had been feeling ill and had headaches, so had gone to her doctor who had referred her for tests that confirmed there was a brain tumour . Her sister, Dannii, 20, also had a growth in her brain . Both are now battling the disease and are sharing their toys and clothes .
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate June 10, 1972 . He was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free . Moore, who suffers from several unspecified ailments and apparently cannot walk, has been unable to receive medical treatment . Now it will be up to prosecutors in North Carolina to decide whether to pursue extradition in Moore's case .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by TV debates opposing austerity cuts . SNP surge since independence referendum in September puts Labour on course to lose dozens of seats, robbing Mr Miliband of any chance of winning the election outright . But Labour and SNP have clashed on Ms Sturgeon's call for full fiscal autonomy .
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city . Historic monuments destroyed and binge-drinking tourists sleeping rough . 1.5 million cruise tourists arrive via bus from Livorno and La Spezia each year . As many as 100,000 native Florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices .
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 . The mother-of-two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61 . Four days before she passed away, her husband and two daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger . Family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned .
Obama arrived in Jamaica late Wednesday for Summit of the Americas in Panama . He met with Jamaica's prime minister and her staff at the town hall . Obama asked Obama to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus Garvey, who was convicted in the U.S. of mail fraud in the 1920s . Jamaican sprinters Usain Bolt and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce watched Obama speak .
Sabrina Morrison was raped by Patrick Morrison when she was 13 years old . She was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio over a three-year period ending in 2007 . After Morrison's arrest, authorities performed a rape kit on his niece . The kit showed traces of semen, but the sheriff's deputies did not collect a blood sample from Morrison and left him walking the streets .
Trevor Noah has split from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair discussed his future plans . It's believed that the love birds started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years . Gabriel runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and will have been reluctant to relocate to America .
Teenager Lily Sharp began her prank by convincing her mother she had been kidnapped . She began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message: 'You didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!' Then played on her mother's fears by pretending that the intruder had her phone, informing her mother that the kidnapper would require £4000 for her return .
Jill Scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt on Jade Bailey on Sunday . The England international reacted angrily to the challenge by the Gunners defender . Manchester City fell to a 1-0 reverse as Nikita Parris hit the post late on .
Adrian Schaffner is initially featured ascending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair . Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha - an Appenzeller mix according to the owner . The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind .
Vin Loss, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered face . The model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model . He says the inks create 'a myth, a mystery' and 'embody pop culture'
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team . But the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer . The High Court has overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson who claims the player and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass . The couple were out for a walk one evening when Bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect . Sullivan has won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games .
Paul Simon topped the UK albums chart for the first time in 25 years . His latest release, The Ultimate Collection, beat albums from Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith . It marks a return to popularity for the Grammy Award-winning singer, 73 . First time he has reached top of the album chart since The Rhythm of the Saints in 1990 .
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the recent 'significantly rampant population' of the pest in Sydney . The pest causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year . It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with deadly calicivirus around public areas in March . About 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the virus, which damages the animal's liver and gut .
Guy Martin, 33, wrote review of supercar after test driving it on Isle of Man TT . He said he pressed the accelerator 'flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby . The annual TT race takes place on public roads, which are closed off .
Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find 25-year-old Hector Valles burning in his SUV . Valles' clothes had begun to burn as they pulled him down onto the safety of a interstate service road . Moments later, while officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire fully engulfed the interior . He was taken to Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, where he remains in the intensive care unit as of Monday .
Rare Apple Watch is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin . One version of the watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other diamonds in the strap . Most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world . The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24 .
Bryan Stow was left in a medically induced coma for several months . The father-of-two worked as a paramedic for the San Jose Giants . He shouted 'Play Ball' during a World Series match between the Giants and Kansas City Royals last year .
Johanna Powell, a picture editor for BBC Wales, was reported missing on Saturday . The 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat in Laos . It hit a rock in a stretch of rapids while the rest of the passengers swam to safety . Emergency services launched a massive search along 20km of the river . Foreign and Commonwealth Office have confirmed a body has been found .
Poets House is as much a Sex and The City retreat as a hideaway in Ely . The 21-room hotel has 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths . But the finish is so good there isn't a scuff in sight .
Judy Murray, 55, is said to have spent months planning her outfit . But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who looks a certain vintage . Ceremony in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year .
Move is latest evidence of how nation’s favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices . Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11g to 114g . They are made under licence by another manufacturer, Burton’s Biscuit Company, which is responsible for the changes .
Ed Miliband pledged a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines . He said Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages . New unit of 100 staff would work with Gangmasters Licensing Authority . But Nigel Farage and James Brokenshire dismissed his ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration .
Topshop and Topman is set to open second Sydney store in Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April . An exclusive breakfast will be hosted by Cheyenne Tozzi and Nic Westaway . The launch marks the seventh Topshop store to open in Australia .
Jerry Tarkanian, 5, suffered a stroke at 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital . His parents said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement . The boy, who has never had health issues, was given a CT scan and other tests .
Yasona Laoly, Indonesia’s Justice and Human Rights Minister, called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison . Mack, 19, from Chicago, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite Sheila von Wiese-Mack .
Transgender boy, 16, has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty thanks to hormone treatment . Brisbane-based judge Michael Kent was told the teen considered suicide and went to extreme lengths such as binding his chest . The teen has been taking blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male . Currently a child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken hormones . An official diagnosis of gender dysphoria, which describes
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws . The barrister says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50k/h zone last year . He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver . Mr Morris says a husband can't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife .
A crowd of high school students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday . Orrden Williams Jr. says he was outside a BP gas station when the attack began, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked . Joe Brittman, 19, has been charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism .
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated after serving 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland money order salesman Harry Franks in 1975 . Last year, the three men - Ricky Jackson, 59 - were put to death row after a 12-year-old boy recanted his testimony and said he never witnessed the crime . The Ohio Court of Claims on Friday granted the money to Bridgeman and his attorneys .
East London-based cat fancier Gizzi Erskine, 35, appeared with pet cat Kimchi . Wore a set made of octopus, lobster and prawns and a two-tiered cake . 'I’d love a really small cat tattoo either behind my ear or somewhere discreet' Added she 'loves human food and will steal it off our plate if we’re not looking'
Passenger Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered . The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he telephoned his travelling companions for help .
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to friend with learning difficulties, court told . Harry Thomas, 19, also encouraged him to buy knife to attack soldiers . Islam used 'cake' as code for bomb in his messages, but failed to understand ruse . Thomas replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b', Old Bailey heard .
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday . It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family say he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he's lost . Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day .
Erin Andrews' boyfriend Jarret Stoll, 32, was busted at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday . Stoll was arrested on drug possession charges after he was found with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 'gel-caps' Molly is the name given to the powder or crystallized form of MDMA, the drug compound also found in ecstasy .
Frederic Brandt, 65, found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida . More than 200 people attended the hour-long memorial service in Miami . Mourners split over whether the TV show made Tina Fey a factor in suicide . Dr Brandt counted numerous celebrities and models among his clients .
Toby Perkins reveals his interns are paid just £25 per week for 12-hour days . Email revealed they could expect to be reimbursed for travel, food and accommodation . Labour claims to champion the low paid while campaigning hard .
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when their beloved West Highland terrier Daisy fell from a quay into the sea . Mr Rickard said: 'Daisy was off the lead and she just slipped off the side. She was swimming okay but the current was taking her away and eventually she gave up' The family, from Rugby, Warwickshire, had been on holiday with their daughter Karen, 36, and two grandchildren .
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average . With further warming predicted over the coming coming century, fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species . This includes research by Dr Steve Simpson, senior lecturer in marine biology and global change at the University of Exeter .
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash . Only a year before, he had given her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster . Webster drugged his wife at their home, before taking her for a drive . He then deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire, killing Claire . Peter has now revealed the shocking detail of Claire's death on ITV's Darkest Taboos .
Woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs . Was knocked unconscious during the second inning when ball hit behind . She was taken to hospital on a stretcher following a 22-minute delay in the game . EMTs treated her and transported her to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness .
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims that a California court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed . Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, were returned to the U.S. in August 2013 after a bitter custody battle in the Hamptons . The actress tried to get a judge to order her children to return to the US from their father's custody in France but the case was dismissed once and for all .
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of cereal every day . bank worker hasn't tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades . Has never taken a day off sick and stopped eating most other foods . She believes overeating causes more health problems than a very restricted diet .
Peter Kelly, 34, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend . The argument escalated and Kelly was attacked and died at the scene . Three men were on the Wisconsin side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude and asked them to quieten down .
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver for hitting his car on a highway in Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland . The old man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off . That is when Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by and tried to break up the fight, and eventually clocked him . 'It was more of instinct than anything,' Solis said .
Images posted on Twitter by member of anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city . Group prides itself on well-oiled propaganda offensive, pumping out images, videos and even a weekly English-language magazine .
Leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015 . These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money . Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 and many don't even live on the land at all .
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died . Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR, they were unable to save him . Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham .
Ukip leader was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament . Mr Farage was heckled by anti-tuition fees campaigners during his visit to south west London last week .
College basketball coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow were confirmed as among the dead . Cessna 414 was returning from the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis shortly after midnight on Tuesday . All seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner .
The 208ft (63 metre) Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT . But bad weather meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark . SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean . The main aim of the flight is to deliver more than 4,300lbs (1,950 kg) of food, clothing, equipment and science experiments to the station, which flies 260 miles (418 km) above Earth .
The case of Shona Banda, 37, was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges . Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . No arrests have been made .
The Channel Islands are a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago . During the occupation lingers in the old German fortifications that litter the coastline – the sinister tower of Fort Saumarez which rears up on the west coast .
Squiggles are actually thought to be a 'code' for crooks . They give potential housebreakers details such as whether building is good target or has an alarm, or been targeted before successfully . So far 'X' marks were daubed on several garden sheds in East Kilbride . Lanarkshire Police took to social media to stress message was for crime prevention guidance and not to spark fear or alarm .
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise a four-week-old baby boy . The cousin, Angela, was homeless and 32 weeks pregnant when he met her out of the blue on Facebook in December . He said he didn't think twice about helping his cousin, who had stopped taking hard drugs by the time she was 15 but at 16 .
Frances Bean Cobain has revealed she's not really into Nirvana . The frontman's daughter, who is the daughter of Courtney Love and Kurt, has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste .
Anil Saxena uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field . He says: 'If my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Some parents have projected their children's geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns . Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread . Dressed babies as characters from sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books .
Nine-part series Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow . The biggest star to come out by far is Scottish singing sensation Susa Boyle - but she didn't win . But does it really make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes?
Havana cob Cody was stuck in a ditch for up to six hours last Friday . He was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers . Eighteen firefighters took 18 firefighters to free Cody . Owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like Black Beauty .
Pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day . The toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' In the video, Meza places oil on the child's head while reciting prayers . Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth . The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from .
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years . It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending . Hundreds of 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year .
garbage truck driver was collecting bins in Footscray early on Saturday morning when the truck rolled forward, pinning him between the vehicle and a pole . Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene . Another man has died in hospital after a car apparently packed with six passengers crashed into trees, causing it to roll over .
Detectives missed most crucial CCTV footage so far, it is claimed . Worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number . Heist is said to be of a significantly higher quality than video currently in public domain . It comes after Scotland Yard was criticised for ignoring alarm on Good Friday .
St Helena was discovered by explorer Juan de Nova in 1502 . The island played a role in both slavery and its abolition when the trade became illegal . £218m project will make this British Overseas Territory more accessible .
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks and jelly beans - are on sale . All of the sweets are guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients . Supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move .
James Ward, 31, was left with a severed finger and wounds all over his body . He also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back . Doctors managed to reattach his left index finger - he is now too afraid to return to his home and see his children .
Jessica Knight has an unusual appetite for furniture and soft furnishings . Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old . She suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances .
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members . The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of Kickbacks . A former bar tender, Devery had to give a backhander just to get into the force . Police officers of the time had to pay exorbitant fees, more than year's starting salary to become a captain .
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in North Carolina . Police say she killed her former father-in-law Charles Taylor, 59, in retaliation for last year's death of her husband, Rex Taylor . Taylor, of Blacksburg, was apprehended following a multi-state manhunt . The widow allegedly believed her husband was to blame for Rex's suicide . Sean Ball, 32, was found seriously wounded on Blue Ridge Parkway .
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice . The game requires users to create a character, be friends with Kim, and embark on empire-building adventures . Stars such as Lindsay Lohan and Katy Perry are also using the popular game .
57% of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week because the 'stigma' of shopping has ended . Almost half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class and among the country's highest earners . News comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl attracting increasing numbers of middle class shoppers .
Most severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis . 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time . It's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to the doctor .
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud . Claims he put pressure on an Israeli model working for him as a stock analyst . He met Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party with his son Mark, who later committed suicide over his father's fraud activities . Andrew Madoff died last year after a battle with lymphoma and had blamed stress caused by his father for his problems .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15-25 . Alleged victim told her 'I hope she is as sweet as she looks', court heard . Ms Mee told jurors: 'After our conversation I did tell her I want to talk it over based on the conversation' He denies 16 counts of sexual assault and two of two rapes .
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that caused traffic in the area to a halt . The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99 .
Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee, 31-year-old glamour model Sophie Cahill in February, causing a bloody nose . The former Another Level star answered his police bail last Thursday . Bowers will appear before magistrates in south London next month . Pair got engaged in December 2013 when he popped the question during sunshine break in Tenerife .
Ellie Harrison says that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' The 37-year-old says she would love to stay where she is for 'a long time' She joined Countryfile in 2011 when she was asked to be 'less Hollywood' In a statement in December 2011 she was told flowing blonde tresses were 'too present'
Terry McCarty was just six years old when he suffered third-degree burns . Brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him . The 29-year-old, from Hawthorne, Nevada, endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies . He refused to let 'fear take over my life' after refusing to be a firefighter .
Sarah Vine is perfect for the job, and her principal qualification is entirely basic . Why? Because women love cars just as much men! The BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear?
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he scraped his leg against a bin bag . The father-of-two developed necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . As he was rushed to hospital, his temperature rocketed to 42°C and he could put weight on his ankle the following evening . He said: 'I thought it was a spider bite. I made my kids look but they didn't see anything'
Headteacher Peter Tait said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education . Said interference could hinder natural development as parents are often bombarded with information about how to raise a child . Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset has educated prominent churchmen and army generals .
A naturalized U.S. citizen who first showed symptoms of vCJD died in May 2014 . The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s . After his death, an autopsy allowed brain tissue to be tested, but only his urine came back positive .
The birth of Prince George in 2013 sparked a £247m sales boom . A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted . Most of that is spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs . But the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term .
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years . 49-year-old said staff would even stay and watch fight unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it' Gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in Hounslow, south west London . Staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked . Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club, in which gangsters organise mass brawls .
The top-of-the-range generator iron from British company Swan costs £279.99 . But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out . The company cut my ironing time by half and was done within 20 minutes .
TV presenter Niamh Geaney, 26, met Karen Branigan, 29, with male friends . The pair dubbed Twin Strangers to find their closest lookalike within 28 days . They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world . 'I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me,' she said .
Local parents have expressed their anger over the loss of their children's 'favourite teacher' as the town continues to mourn the death of Stephanie Scott . The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . Police are due to begin an autopsy on Ms Scott's body this week . Her remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney .
Gigi Hadid, 19, has channeled her inner 'beauty queens' to pose up in some of the spring season’s hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread . The spread will feature in all 32 national and international editions of Harper's Bazaar .
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital . Chinese media reported that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb, ending up ten feet away from her . Pingan became something of a local celebrity and hailed as a 'miracle baby' He celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday - in his hometown Xiamen city .
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto . The young brunette reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar . Her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father .
Photographer Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool takes his camera everywhere . His pictures showcase beaches, villages and beaches, among others . He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm . Once he finds the right location he spends hours slowly rotating in one spot .
The 'Fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has gone viral online . It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on apparatus . This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell . Linda Gomez and her daughter Krystle sell the enhancers for £30 . The instructions come with a link to a YouTube video which has had more than a million hits .
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by pervert . Pervert accepted a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy . After the horrified mother found the messages, she challenged the man herself . Abbie's mother, from Hull, said: 'There were four or five messages that he sent, before he actually blocked me. I think I scared him'
Nicola Sturgeon is a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who lost her waist along with her sanity, topped and tailed with a Krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes . Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders’ debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named Scottish design label Totty Rocks . Her outfit made the male leaders’ dark suits seem as old as their arguments,
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided to try and get in contact with them . She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so she could give them a proper meal - free of charge . A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhatlovelookslike .
Alison Saunders's position as country's top prosecutor looked bleak . She was accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding Lord Janner should not be charged . Janner, 86, has been accused of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s .
Individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of Lloyds shares . The shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on Friday . Shares would be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate .
Neurio recognises electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles . It even tells you which electrical devices are running at any one time . The $250 (£168) device is available for iOS and Android phones and tablets . App feeds information about energy consumption of devices it’s recognised back to an app, where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off .
Jeremy Clarkson will not be hosting BBC's Have I Got News For You . He was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast the following day . Recording would have marked his first appearance since being dismissed .
Joselyn Alejandra Nio is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday . She achieved notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating online . Alongside the image was a message warning people to 'keep sending theses f****** a*** holes'
Former BBC newsreader, 44, has written in several newspapers in support of the legalisation of gay marriage . She studied English at Cambridge University before following family tradition and heading into the racing profession . The couple live in West London with their Tibetan terrier, Archie .
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney . Alan Dershowitz wants to have her thrown in jail if she repeats claims . Model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel has said that he is considering legal action of his own .
Irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in coma pleads guilty to grievous bodily harm . Barry Lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years . Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack, with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed .
Hamish Baillie claims Lord Janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek . The 47-year-old claims he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse . Director of Public Prosecutions says dementia made the 86-year old unfit to plead . Nine victims have waived his right to anonymity to say decision 'beggars belief'
Little boy Dorian Poe, from Burlington, Ontario, has sent his toy out on a global adventure to raise awareness for autism . In January 2013, he sent a polar bear, called Tikko, out into the world, carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance . His mother Christine has joined in with the bear's campaign, inviting the world to join in with his journey online .
Six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets raided Hatton Garden last week . Used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables . Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the valuables and cash left there for safekeeping . Scotland Yard tonight refused to confirm to MailOnline if they had seen footage before it was handed to them .
Hannah Bluck, 18, was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . The youngster set records for Wales youth national teams at U19, U17 and U16 level in the space of just eight days before she was struck down in March 2013 .
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in St Marks Close in Parsons Green, London . Pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools, friend said . Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off . He was dumped on the side of the road in Beverley Way, Kingston, at 1am . Uniformed officers approached the stationary car, but it drove off despite attempts to pursue it . Police became alerted after spotting the vehicle at about 1am and fled from the
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, appeared before a judge on Friday night . He was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe, nine, in Calais . Despite being banned from France for earlier offences, he struck while on his way to England . His lawyer Antoine Deguines said he did not offer a word of remorse . Came as thousands prepared to take to the streets to pay tribute to schoolgirl .
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told . 26-year-old was described as a 'caveman' - but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail . He was given a 26-week suspended sentence for 12 months, and ordered to attend a course called 'improving relations supporting change'
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing eggs at his estranged wife, Claire, 31 . He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused him into her home to see their two children, court heard . The 37-year-old grabbed her by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house . After picking up a packet of chocolate treats he began throwing them at her . On Monday he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court .
Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . Lair did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . 'Initially, on baby three and four I'm thinking, "They'll be a girl at some point. They can't all be boys," she said .
Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) training teenagers in military-style bootcamps . They are being told of dangers from 'millions of blacks trying to kill you' By night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination . 'You cannot mix nations. I don't have black friends,' says Dion Bernard, 15 .
West Australian Police have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of AFL star Ben Cousins . Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player, according to The West Australian . The pair both made headlines in recent months, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files . 'The focus of the investigation will be to determine if the accesses were justified having regard to the work role of each officer,' Commissioner Stephen Brown said
Unknown digger known as the 'Handsome Man' drawn into Anzac Day controversy . His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign . The online campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary .
Adam Deacon, 32, allegedly sent abusive tweets including death threat . Actor appeared in court over allegations of harassment against Noel Clarke . 'In some cases tweets amounted to some death threats,' he said . Last month the actor was sectioned under Mental Health Act .
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life . After purchasing all the high end equipment, he started to shoot the surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . The 40-year-old's shots aim from Kiama beach to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of NSW . He uses an EOS 5D Mark III DSLR and numerous lenses to achieve the shots .
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate . That would have commemorated both getting the Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge . The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
The Mamma Mia inspired eatery will open its doors a block away from the ABBA museum in Stockholm . The venue is scheduled to open in January 2016 and is a part restaurant, stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction . Of course audiences will be able to sing and dance to the Swedish sensations' 1970s tunes, to their hearts' content .
Pound fell to near 1.46 against US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010 . Comes amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of general election . David Cameron and Ed Miliband both facing prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form government . There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, from Northern New South Wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . After seven days of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with over $47,000 being donated . Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media in a desperate plea for donations .
Coral Jones, 43, has revealed she has been sent hate mail blaming her . She blamed herself for letting April stay out 'for an extra 15 minutes' She was abducted outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, in October 2012 . Paedophile Mark Bridger was jailed for life in 2013 but his body has never been recovered .
Massive computer glitch that halted trading in stock exchanges yesterday is rumoured to have been caused by a spilled can of Coke in the City of London office . More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading, leaving brokers unable to work .
Government officials insist there is no evidence to support universal screening . GBS is carried by one in four women and infects 400 newborns in the UK every year . Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk' Only recorded cases during 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested and subsequently treated with antibiotics .
Rona Fairhead was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' Chairman of HSBC's public accounts committee last month . Now, 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period'
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube . It represents a key milestone in the birth of modern mass media . The Televisor was the first receiver sold in Britain and cost about £26 – a four-figure sum today .
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April . His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home . Discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan, complete with library . Khan was ordered to pay £2.2million within six months or faces 10 more years in prison if he does not pay back the money .
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday . The man was known on Facebook under the nickname Karl Kay . He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . Neighbours said they still felt safe despite the shooting .
Labour leader jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by Nicola Braithwaite and her friends . One of the group spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . The solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress, saying: 'I got a full on picture with him'
Sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in row . Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period . Figures appear to vindicate PM's 'mercantile' foreign policy . Tony Blair claimed in a speech this week that quitting EU would cause 'significant damage to our economy'
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said . The wealthy Democrat was spotted at the Omaha, Nebraska, airport on the way back carting her own luggage . 'There is big news coming on the Clinton Foundation. that are going to shock people,' he said in a New Hampshire swing earlier this month . Paul is predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors .
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under . Experts from the Internet Watch Foundation removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 previous year .
Brisbane designer Wade Lange and his team Living Dead Clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week . The company's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world . There are almost 50 types of superheroes to choose from, ranging in price from $45 to $100 . Estimates suggest the coup by the Queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative Marvels contract will be worth tens of millions of dollars .
Reports that Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb . Comes after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs .
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres . Ambulance staff greeted by metal and scattered debris at the scene . Yet as paramedics and firefighters worked to release him they were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage .
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by two 'friends' Chas Quye and Elvis Kwiatkowski, both 36, cut into ten pieces in Essex lake . They were 'obsessed with the hit TV show' and videos found on mobile phones showed him being made to rub bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals . South African moved to Britain in 2001 after he spiralled into an alcohol addiction . But he was thrown out of family home in 2013 after spiralling
London Mayor says Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' Warns a Labour/SNP government 'would be a catastrophe for the country' Sir John Major clashed with First Minister Nicola Sturgeon over the prospect of Scottish Nationalists winning 40 or more seats .
Lucy Scott, from Edinburgh, had her first baby in 2012 . She found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride . Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year includes 120 illustrations .
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa . The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of 'small' meetings with voters . An Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week . A likely candidate who hasn't
Man deliberately drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute into the front doors . The 42-year-old threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car . Fortunately the station, which is 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the stunt .
The FBI has released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe . Officials said one image does not show any abuse taking place . Investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely's autopsy was commissioned by Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism Sunday night . But despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts, nobody will lose their job over the discredited story . Rolling Stone's publisher Jann Wenner, said he was 'a really expert fabulist storyteller'
Shocking figures released after Freedom of Information request . Nine-year-old probed on suspicion of criminal damage and criminal damage . Boy, 13, has also been questioned over assault, according to police figures . Petri Kurti, 13, was one of Britain's youngest murderers after killing Glynis Bensley .
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis . The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges . But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty .
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson, 89, passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week . Doug Wilson received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away . Just five minutes later the phone rang again .
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of prison time or having to register as a sex offender . When she returned home she uploaded a selfie of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today' However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher .
Patrick Kramer, 33, is a US artist who works from photos and builds up layers of oil paint on a board or canvas . He adds subtle shadowing, which appear almost three-dimensional in the pieces of artwork . Kramer's oil paintings vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and motion-shots .
Two British men fined $3,000 for threatening behaviour on Thomson Airways flight . One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew, while the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists . Pilot was notified of the action in the cabin, and took the decision to make an unscheduled landing at LF Wade International Airport in Bermuda . The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term .
A recent British Heart Foundation survey quizzed 2,000 parents with children under the age of 16 . Two fifths of them are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV . Despite regulation, children in the UK are still being exposed to more TV advertising for unhealthy than healthy food items . Seven in ten parents said they would like stricter regulation on the food industry's use of advertising . The BHF has just delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking the Government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed .
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself . This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies . Until now it was thought that dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity, earning it its ‘dark’ moniker . But analysis of the clump suggests it may not be as oblivious to our universe as we thought .
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . Michael Pulman, 33, has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . His mother, Joy, is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance .
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman insists they are 'standing up for people at the top' Harman has repeatedly accused Tories of being 'completely out of touch' She has sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools . Ms Harman complained about Tory attacks on Miliband that he stabbed his brother in the back' for Labour leadership .
Sisters Destiny Cooke and Lajahia Cooke were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved by a crowd of people, including grown adults and parents, in a Trenton, New Jersey park . People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' The girls are left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
Afterjudging kitchens on The Block last week, property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . The key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation, cooking, clean-up etc. with storage for activities within those zones . Sufficient lighting is not an area of the home that you can get away with the 'bare bones' when it comes to lighting .
Several pledges overlap with Labour policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees . Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left . SNP also wants the UK to formally recognise Palestine as a state .
Sudan was moved to Kenya with two female rhinos from a Czech zoo in December 2009 . The reserve specialises in the conservation of northern white rhinos . But all attempts to move Sudan to Kenya have failed . Rhinos are in danger because of the rising demand for ivory .
Electrician Nathan Brown fell 12ft from a ladder after being electrocuted . 19-year-old was working with his father, an experienced electrician . He was told to climb up ladder and test lights in building's roof . But he accidentally touched 400-volt busbar, a metal strip, while he was trying to climb high enough to carry out tests . Coroner records a verdict of accidental death .
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique taken to hospital in Johannesburg where he tragically passed away . At least six people killed and thousands displaced from their homes since violence against immigrants erupted in city of Durban . Despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of Johannesburg . President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the 'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on foreigners .
Nicola Sturgeon refuses to rule out second referendum on breaking up Union . Set out demands for her to support Ed Miliband if Labour falls short of majority . But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom . Sturgeon demands they ditch new roads and hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland .
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake Station, Wirral . Her body was found in a flat in Toxteth, Liverpool, on February 28 . Police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . It comes just two months after her mother, 44, was allegedly murdered . 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial . Tributes have been paid to the teenager, described as 'beautiful, vibrant'
Striking photograph taken during a protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia . Kenji Wardenclyffe said neo-nazis were 'instigating' and tried to start a fight . The event in Melbourne was also crashed by anti-racism activists . A number of men with tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event .
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business . Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting a 22-year-old Italian model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office . He is waiting to see if DA will decide to go to a subpoena .
In recent years, visits to the Chernobyl nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially . Kiev-based tour company estimates that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year . Day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite reduction in radiation .
Danielle and Alexander Meitivs were cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood . But they say authorities crossed a line and kept them in custody for six hours before allowing them to reunite with their parents . Attorney for the firm Wiley Rein has sent ointed letter regarding Sunday's events .
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . He ran a 'revenge porn' website and then charged victims to have nude and embarassing photos of women sent in anonymously by people wanting to hurt them . The compromising photos cost people jobs, damaged relationships and led to one attempted suicide . In spite of the thousands of emails he got begging to have photos taken down he said it was his life that had been 'ruined'
The jury recommended that Chancey Allen Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended he meant only to scare Lane . The defense called just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna .
A. Alfred Taubman died at his home of a heart attack on Friday night . His business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain, for which he traveled to Hungary to figure out why the country's sausage was so good . But it was his rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front — that left a mark on American culture .
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio costs visitors an average of £187 per day . While checking out headliners such as AC/DC, Jack White, Florence and the Machine, Madonna made out with rapper Drake on Sunday . Belgium’s Tommorowland costs its visitors the highest-priced admission (£252), beer (£5.73) and meal costs (£9) of any summer fest .
Shoe that Grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes . Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . He said: 'We really feel that we have created something incredible'
The 55-year-old has been attending regular Zumba classes with her instructor . Zumba is a dance fitness programme combining Latin and international music . The classes vary in price, but average at about £5 . Presenter Lorraine Kelly runs the London Marathon in 2010 .
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, were kindled because of Bergen-Belsen's kindness . Among recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries while hiding from the Nazis became worldrenowned . Frank was a Dutch girl who was being fed proper food and was being given clothes to wear again .
Photographer John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals . Uses clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture heart-warming shots . Makes charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day .
Almost 40 per cent spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it, according to survey of 1,000 adults . Comes after another study found more and more people are digging up flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas .
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford . The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway . Fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames .
Tortoiseshell Mimi is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old Joshua Teague . Owner Phil, 56, bought cat with his wife Christine, 45, in December 2013 . Pets at Home Facebook group chose 30-second video for national advert . 'This kind of thing just never happens,' Administrative assistant Christine said .
Jessica Cleland was 19 when she took her own life on Easter Saturday last year . Her parents are now campaigning for Victoria's anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously . Two former friends began bullying her online, sending her Facebook and text messages saying that they hated her and that she was a 'f***ing sook' Coroner: Jessica's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives of young people on young people .
Emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW over the next two days . Winds of at least 100km/h are expected to develop in Sydney, the Hunter and Illawarra regions . The SES responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area . Rainfall could be 40-60mm across most of those areas, with up to 100mm in some places .
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat - more than 43.3g found in Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper . Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories . And a Pizza Express Classic Margherita pizza has 683 calories and contains only 22.5g . Which? said its research proves all food suppliers need to adopt the traffic light labelling system to help consumers cut through the confusion and find healthy lunch options .
US giant Morgan Stanley said prospect of Labour government reliant on Scottish Nationalists would create ‘greatest uncertainty’ Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to ‘earlier bank rate hike’ Goldman Sachs said Labour would be ‘dragged to the Left’ by SNP, which would result in even more money going north of the border ‘at expense of the UK as a whole’
Sir Bruce Forsyth said it can be 'more cruel to do nothing' than allowing people to die . Veteran entertainer's first wife Penny was moved into a care home with dementia . He visited regularly to help care for her until she died last year .
Damon Albarn has dubbed modern pop stars as existing in a 'selfie generation' that uses their music to reveal only how they feel . The 47-year-old's criticisms are likely to resonate with people who have been scorned about the work of modern day pop stars .
Johannes Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on naked models to create the multicoloured effect . The 37-year-old can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it .
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways . He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London . The Australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares, claiming amount should be based on the cost of a weekly ticket, and take into account annual leave .
In 2014 just seven per cent of UK couples allowed the bride's parents to pay the entire bill, down from nine per cent in 2010 . Over a third of married couples in the UK covered their entire bill themselves . The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013) Newlyweds are now choosing to honeymoon closer to home compared to eight per cent just five years ago .
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI . He had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night in Springdale, Pennsylvania . Harvard claims he was furious that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home . 'I said, ''calm down. You put the block down''' he said .
Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige are all still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas . They're doing fabulous and doing really, really well,' mother Danielle said . It is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969 . Alongside them sat their doctors, revealed the girls are gearing up for their first breastmilk feeding .
Lawsuit claims Sofia Vergara was 'physically and mentally abusive' to Loeb . The 42-year-old engaged to True Blood hunk Joe Manganiello on Christmas Day after six months of dating . Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split .
Young Star Wars fan met hero R2D2 at Star Wars Celebration convention . Pair began spinning around each other in circles to promote new film . Clearly a fan, the boy was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise attached to his wheelchair to promote the new film, the Force Awakens .
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea . The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels .
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002 . He played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011 . But after years, he said he realized that his mother and family were different - especially when money became involved .
Giant arrows can measure up to 70ft in length and were once markers for early airmail flights . They formed the first land-based navigation system in the world .
Toyal Lotus is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf . It uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids . The technlogy was inspired by lotus leaves that repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain, for example . Toyo Aluminium won the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation .
Deaths per year in Britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades . A ‘simple’ funeral now costs an average of £3,590, an old age think tank has found .
Homes across Australia which haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers after being on the market for two years . Among them: one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but price has since been cut by 50 per cent . In Tasmania, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago .
Duffel bag was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning . One person has been arrested in connection with the grisly discovery . Remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide .
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women . She claims the two are 'crazy about each other' and that she trusts him 'completely' Mr Hopin, former alcoholic of Ebbw Vale, South Wales, was strongly criticised for admitting he didn't even know the name of some of his 40 children . And she said there would not be any more children for the couple .
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . Fire crews say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction . Officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires in South Wales .
Camellias provide a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers . When the flowers open their '­alabaster petals', they will thrive . This is also a good time to buy camellia plants and enjoy this year's display .
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old Peter Weber Jr., according to Guinness World Records . Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence . His flight experience went back decades: he flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War, and also served as a Korean War flight instructor .
A 14-year-old was arrested after he allegedly communicated with Australian men . Alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police . Five men were arrested over the weekend after British authorities passed on their findings to police in Australia . Police are working to shore up security for a string of Anzac Day events .
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's . Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain and has been shown to provide benefits for chronic pain and compulsive disorder . Singapore researchers found the animals performed better in memory tests . Tests on lab mice showed improved memories within 24 hours .
Warm weather set to last tomorrow with UK predicted to be hotter than Ibiza, Athens and Barcelona tomorrow . Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off . Forecasters warn people to make the most of it before weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week .
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma . She has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh . The Tasmanian-born designer is taking three months off to recuperate .
Alexis Keslar and her sons, Eli and Silas, fell into a canal in Arizona on Friday . Their mother was distracted by a strong current as they swat away their bee and let go of their stroller . Authorities revealed on Monday that the two boys ended up in the water because their mother was fighting off a bee .
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm on Thursday . The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of Berth 73 . Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition, authorities said . Firefighter Miguel Meza hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino .
Plane, carrying 59 passengers and eight crew, tilted to one side . Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down at airport . Passengers slid down inflatable evacuation slides to safety . Jet Airways described incident as 'a technical problem with landing gear'
Bluefish dives 12,500ft to explore the ship at the bottom of the Atlantic . Explore the famous grand staircase, the Marconi Room and the Titanic . Passengers will stay aboard the ship and wait for suitable conditions to see it up close .
The migratory bird was spotted near the coastal city of Limassol on Cyprus . It is believed to be heading to Turkey to breed a rare genetic irregularity .
Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble . The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society as part of its Reactions series . It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops .
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, has battled anorexia since her teenage years . Tormented by bullies at school, she began strict diet regime at 16 . At 16, she lived on just 10 calories a day - or go three days without eating a single thing - while working in a chocolate shop . After years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . She is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university .
Young thugs shooting at homes and cars as they blatantly carry weapons . CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at properties and cars . Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at . Thugs 'have intimidated, threatened and terrorised people for too long now'
Judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots should have their identities hidden . They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity . Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport . High Court banned the naming of five girls, aged 15 and 16, who had their passports confiscated after they showed an interest in Islamic extremism .
John Coyne, 56, attacked victim at Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road . Victim, 25, had been on a night out with friends after finishing work last year . He then woke at 3am to find Coyane raping him after falling asleep on sofa . Landlord fled but was found guilty by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court . Police have today urged people to contact them if they believe they have also been attacked by the rapist pub landlord .
Kellogg's has produced cereals in the UK since 1938 . It uses a complex web of companies to do business here . Two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in Ireland . Corporation tax is 12.5 per cent compared with the UK’s 20 per cent UK . Latest figures show the cereal-maker effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013 .
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and would 'turn to drink' He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries . Tory MPs expressed horror at the prospect of Blair remaining in public life for another 30 years .
Joel Wilkinson, three, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago, meaning his muscles will slowly waste away . He will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 . His big sister Phoebe helps him put on his shoes, fetches cereal in the morning and even helps him fetch him his cereal .
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001 . He is the sixth convicted murderer to be executed in Texas this year . The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution . Garza, 35, was pronounced dead 26 minutes later at 6.40pm .
Kieran Loveridge killed Thomas Kelly in a brutal one-punch attack in 2012 . He was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer . Jody Marson, 21, was suspended after other staff members claimed they witnessed the alleged affair inside the prison . NSW Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter .
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about J.J. Abrams, the chosen director for The Force Awakens .
Kristen Lindsey from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard and shot it with a bow, believing it was feral . But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online .
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant . Her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help as Kentucky Medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs . Dalton: 'This can’t be the end of our love story. I cannot lose her'
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice . But it is is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed twice in the chest outside his home . He had attended a 13th birthday party at his friend's flat in north London . The boy, who is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang, pleaded guilty to the brutal stabbing .
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast . The new project in China has a capacity of 40 megawatts, which is smaller than some projects in the United States . EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, now Apple's president for environmental initiatives, has spearheaded the new green focus at the world's biggest company .
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in Rumburk, a small town in the north of the Czech Republic . Was initially arrested last August for the death of a 70-year-old woman who died from potassium poisoning . Has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation .
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on the teenager in VIP area at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square . He then ordered his terrified victim to wait in the VIP area for at least 30 minutes . Two months later the attacker raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London .
Vincent Stanford, 24, has created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters . Stanford is accused of killing high school teacher Stephanie Scott, 550 kilometres from Sydney, on Easter Sunday just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart . He wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, the science fiction show Stargate, titled 'Secret endangered' in his spare time .
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton, according to a source within the Democratic Party . This claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy . De Blasicoo's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party, and he hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him in the coming months, the source claims .
It has been almost a month since an Italian model accused movie executive Harvey Weinstein of groping her . Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman attended the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland in New York City . The play is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp .
Lower deck design aims to maximise sense of space and privacy for crew . Design was revealed Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg last week . Zodiac has been creating Lower Deck Mobile Crew Rests for Airbus A330/A340 since the '90s .
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie . The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight . During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies .
Peter Gale was fired from nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey . He was appointed to run the school, which counts singer Katie Melua . Chairman Tony Hyams-Parish said: 'This was not an easy decision'
USC researchers found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll . The Internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the Internet .
Chalke Valley History Festival attracts more than 30,000 visitors . The festival also features a stunning air show and 'living history' re-enactments . Experts will submit a first chapter of a historical novel of no more than 1,500 words .
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking producer during filming . He has not publicly addressed his sacking, apart from saying 'everyone's upset' But former newsreader Angela Rippon, 70, said he would 'miss being there' BBC dropped Clarkson after an internal investigation found he had launched an 'unprovoked' 30-second physical attack on producer Oisin Tymon . Presenter was found to have split producer's lip and verbally abused him .
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man at a bus stop in Leeds last month . Now police have come across CCTV that showed him following three other potential victims earlier on the same night .
Louise Shepherd, from Cobham, Surrey, was crushed by tree while hiking . She had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world . Her sister Hannah and college friend Rose Jones, both 30, were also injured .
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring has been accused of ordering the overnight paint job 'to get her own back' Residents in her west London townhouse said the redesign was driving them 'mad' She has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert, who he believes believes is due to his money .
Ethan Czahor launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . In February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate .
The two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years . A White House official today told reporters traveling with the administration, 'I can confirm that President Obama spoke with President Castro on Wednesday, before President Obama departed Washington' The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas this weekend, held in Panama City .
Officials moved The Championships to Monday to allow racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event . Ticket-holders who won't be able to make Monday's event will be given the option of receiving a refund . The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday with the Wednesday program being totally abandoned . Sweynesse and Kermadec will now be elevated into the $3 million Doncaster Mile after reports that all scratching’s appetites have been severely damaged .
A third man has been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' The alleged Anzac Day terror plot involves five men plotting to run down a police officer and then kill him with a knife . Sevdet Besim, 18, had his Preventative Detention Order removed and the teenager was re-arrested . He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday .
Bodies of four men accused of killing 148 people paraded around town . They were driven in pickup truck from mortuary to Garissa Primary School . It comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, was rescued after siege . She spent two days hiding in wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive . Pictures of the crowds and bodies are being shared on social media .
Series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages . Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' Bosses believe there are seven groups of voters who can be persuaded to change their vote in the run up to the election .
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault on Monday . Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was 'completely justified in her outrage' The intruder, who is the father of her boyfriend's child, struggled with heroin in the past . The boyfriend has not been a part of his new child's life .
Miniature Space is a Japanese cooking show . Shows how to make all kinds of fun-sized food . Includes noodle dishes, tagines, fried chicken and cake .
Rand Paul is on the defensive after an acrimonious exchange with female journalists on Wednesday morning . 'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters,' he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer yesterday . Paul admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them while maintaining that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing'
The Queen roared on her filly, Ring of Truth, at Newbury today . Second place appeared to go down well and she got a third place . Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse Capel Path came in third . The monarch has been an avid racing fan and is due to give birth next week .
More than 60 celebrities appeared on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves - but waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead . The album cover was the brainchild of artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth and photographer Michael Cooper . John Lennon had wanted models of Jesus and Adolf Hitler to be included but his requests were denied .
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after losing everything in Hurricane Sandy . The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to . Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother's house after being forced to evacuate their home, which was destroyed . A college essay about her experience helped her secure a spot in Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown .
Minnesota reporter Ashley Roberts was live on-air during her boyfriend's wedding segment . She surprised her boyfriend, Justin McCray, with an engagement ring of her own . The newscaster then introduced a 'fashion expert' to talk more about rings .
Victor Agbafe, 17, was accepted into all eight Ivy League schools in all . He describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual' On one of his Facebook pages, he calls his acceptance achievement an 'amazing opportunity' He plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics .
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking . Manchester City Council has failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 machines . Many don't use machines that offer change because they could become targets for theft . Experts fear the problem could become even worse when the new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017 .
Daphne, 86, has starred in the footwear super-brand for Vans and & Other Stories alongside Flo Dron, 22 .
Graham Leonard, 46, was flying from Manchester United to Aberdeen . He grabbed the PA microphone on plane's private charter flight . After frustrating cabin crew with his antics he caused part of airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off fire alarm .
WI told it must pay Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds to serve cakes . Idea was to find box of centenary cake on seats at AGM in June . But organisers were astonished to be told gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500 . To avoid unexpected cost, members will now be given piece of cake to eat home . WI declined to confirm amount of extra charge - but under Hall’s booking conditions, extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted inside the Hall .
The Michigan Micro Mote is the first complete computer system measuring as small as two millimeters across . It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, allowing the computers to run perpetually . Phoenix's miniscule at 915 x 915m2, boasts ultra-low operating voltage and a unique standby mode that results in an average power consumption of only 500pW .
Tiny home is located on leafy street in Islington, north London . Has two-bedrooms, tiny study, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and garden . House has what boat owners would call a narrow 'galley kitchen'
Former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca has died in a federal prison in North Carolina . His nephew, Kevin Ouimette Lynch, says his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in Butner, North Carolina. His uncle was convicted of extortion in 1996 and became the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison under the federal 'three strikes and you're out' provision for violent offenders.
A boy aged 14 and girl of 16 have been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism . The girl was arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester . Both were bailed until May 28 by Greater Manchester Police .
Only 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's followers are real people who participate on the social media platform, according to popular online audit tools . StatusPeople.com, the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool, says that 41 per cent are 'inactive', meaning that they never tweet or reply to any tweets . Michelle Obama's Twitter audience is 25 per cent fake, by comparison . More than 46,000 of the Clintons listed 'Baghdad' as their hometown .
The wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider stormed down Wellington's Cuba Street at the weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival . The massive scale festival saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across corners of the city . As the rain started to fall on Saturday afternoon, Brazilian-style drumming group Wellington Batucada brought the flamboyant world of samba to Cuba Street .
Police were led to site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by her family . Remains of Stephanie Scott, 26, were found in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW . Her body was found in bushland the night before her wedding was due to take place on Friday evening . One of last actions of Ms Scott was to send email to bus company hired for her wedding, according to Fairfax Media . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be on Saturday .
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call his phone only to find it was switched off . During a confrontation near a park in Oldham, Bako put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist . One witness said he hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child .
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting . Man tried to get his hands on contents of Mrs Seabrook's scooter, before grabbing her by arm and reaching for her carrier bag . Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't,' and slammed on accelerator of her scooter .
If all ice were to be spread across the surface of Mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre) There is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could cover the entire surface with 1.1 metres of water . The water reservoir on Mars is ‘an important part of the Mars’ water reservoir’
Former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new memoir, Hard Choices, released days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . In 2014, she and Bill got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter and investment banker husband Marc Mezvinsky were expecting a baby . But while they had been disorganized ahead of the birth, their daughter was far calmer and better prepared, she wrote .
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex . Friends were using station's unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge . Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death, but crucial safety reports not disclosed . Campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas .
Queensland woman launched social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was found at a Bali resort on Tuesday . The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny' Fortunately, Roxy Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' on Sunday .
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first . The orb then knocks a green ball into the center pocket . In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .
Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s . Charges are part of Operation Winthorpe investigation into allegations of sex abuse at St Paul’s School in Barnes, south west London . The boys-only day school has one of the toughest admissions tests in London and most pupils come from its £6,000-a-year prep school Colet Court .
David Totton, 36, drove a white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv . He was walking through Manchester when he saw his friend in an altercation . After refusing entry, he drove up to the club doors at a speed and nud against them . Judge ruled that the incident was a 'prank' and banned him from all pubs .
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, 'suffering from post-natal depression' She allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four . Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing the couple . But police now believe Perez friman, a Spanish national of Cuba, to be the culprit .
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas . The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border . She escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits during the kidnapping .
Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his new book 'Bubba Yum - The Paleo Way' Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything health experts and child health experts recommend . 'The baby won't have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said .
39 per cent say they will back Conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for Labour, according to the pollsters ICM . Comes after Tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million . Tories have jumped 3% in the last month – while Labour has dropped two points .
Larry Reid, 73, was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City . Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession a gun . His brother Harry Reid, who recently suffered an accident while exercising, said last week he would not seek re-election next year .
Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower . She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer . The GMC is concerned that there ‘may have been a material flaw’ in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened .
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, fought in the trenches at Lone Pine in Anzac Cove, Turkey . Every time he picked up a grenade, he was risking his life to save others as Turkish bombs only had an eight-second fuse while soldiers were being killed around him . He caught some of the bombs in mid-air and was awarded a Victoria Cross medal .
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has attracted criticism for her decision to wear a scarf during her visit to Iran . She is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years . Michelle Obama and Condoleezza Rice were not veiled for their trips to the Middle East during their tenures as US Secretary of State .
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned . The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund at Irlam Primary School . Money was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families . It would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment .
The pop star posted the image of the former PM on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later . Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which Madonna captioned with: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher' and a love heart . Conservative Thatcher, who led the country from 1979 until 1990, established Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988 . The legislation was considered anti-gay and later overturned in 2003 .
£18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate . Helping them take over the vineyard was Marc Perrin, a famous winemaker . M&S is the first to offer the wine up on the High street .
Dr Chris Van Tulleken says branded painkillers are just using ‘clever marketing’ Patients spend up to ten times more on unbranded products, he says . Over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion .
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, burst into couple's home and demanded money . But as owners watched TV in horror, Ms Evans brought down machete to stop it barking . Cookie was struck over the head with a meat cleaver and had been sedated . He was given stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook, near Chorley, Lancashire .
Richard Clements, 62, is believed to have been mowing grass outside property . Machine toppled down bank into water and trapped him in Wattisham, Suffolk . Family made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at scene .
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside KFC . The incident happened at a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, at 5pm yesterday . When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab injuries in the barber shop being tended to by customers . A group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them .
Jessica Edgeington, 33, was pronounced dead at DeLand, Florida, airport about 4.10pm Wednesday . It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January . Local media reports say Edgeington collided with another diver, causing a problem with her parachute .
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City building a failure because the structure was still standing . The Oklahoma City bombing killed 168, including 19 children . An estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History .
A viral video shows Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher approaching a jogger and inviting them to have a bash on the keys . The black-and-white clip has spread to over 1.25 million views in under a week and gaining coverage on leading media outlets around the globe . Adam and Matt say they were shocked to find such an impressive talent on the street . It proves there is talent to be found beyond artists featured on TV and radio .
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her ex flame's name . When she met her new man, Ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid . Despite painful first encounters with acid, the mother-of-one repeated the treatment again .
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in WWII . He was flown to hospital but died two weeks later from a head injury . Gregory was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross two years ago . Only retired from his role as a stunt pilot at the age of 90 .
Father reveals his daughter was given drugs by dealers targeting schools . GCSE pupil became 'bright and beautiful' after buying the drugs in the playground . He wrote an open letter to his local council, South Gloucestershire, pleading for action to combat 'serious drug problem'
Doctors have been giving women a hormonal injection since the 1950s . They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby . But Amanda Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, thought it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .
Chelsea Clinton was 12 when she became first daughter of U.S. president . But her famous frizzy curls quickly began to fade over the years . Now, in a candid interview with Elle magazine, Chelsea finally reveals to the world just what happened to her curls . She insists her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time .
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team . He says he was put in a lower-ranking team after he proposed affordable housing . U.S. Census information says Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks .
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet . Mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . Over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments .
120 people had been invited to Stephanie Scott's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue 2km outside Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region . The popular high school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday . A memorial service was held 275km and three hours' drive away at the venue which was deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott .
Gopher tortoises can't swim, said Florida Wildlife officials this week after people tried to throw baby turtles in the ocean . According to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand . Sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws present on each fore flipper .
Four robbers were spotted trying to escape after holding up a cash-and-carry . They were travelling in a stolen Seat Leon and attempted to flee along the M42 . Dramatic footage was captured on camera by a police helicopter . Officers managed to arrest the gang but had to use CS spray . The gang were linked to another 20 thefts over three weeks .
Andrew Else was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman . The 52-year-old had been at a pub with friends on the night of his murder . He had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill . Clare, 52, has revealed she is too scared to leave her home in case she gets a knife in the back .
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior aboard . Photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the ship . He was dismissed from care manager role following disciplinary hearing . Newcastle City Council said allegations were investigated but no action taken .
Police believe 35-year-old Donnell Graham shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early Sunday morning . The York County Coroner's Office says the woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25-year old Kristopher Pittman, was killed by gunshots to the chest .
University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival . More than 600 science evenings will take place in 50 cities across nine countries .
Kathleen Bailey was given power of attorney over her dying friend's finances . Church elder had become carer for 87-year-old, who was battling breast cancer . But she helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to fund trips . She was handed 12-month suspended jail sentence at Bolton Crown Court .
household names like CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits . Even more shocking: some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions .
ICM poll for the Guardian had Tories ahead on 34 per cent – down five points from a week ago . Populus poll found Labour unchanged on 34% while the Tories were down one, on 32% . In a third poll, Lord Ashcroft found a Tory lead of four points .
Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York, without being cleared by security . She believed her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt, had 'put her hands' on her daughter earlier in the day . The teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor . A group of teachers had previously come forward saying they were worried about safety . Engelhardhardt has been released and is recovering at home 'in a lot of pain'
Ivana Chubbuck's clients list includes Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others . She reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes . The singer was topping the charts with Single Ladies in January . Chubebuck, 62, runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles and hosts workshops around the globe .
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before dragging her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . To date the clip of Baynde has received thousands of hits online . 'This is the best day of my life,' she exclaims as the cuddling session continues .
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25 to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation . The organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the 'biased and unfair' Independent Press Standards Organisation wants MPs to set up a statutory body to regulate the press as recommended by the Leveson Inquiry .
The Tasmanian-born royal cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in Denmark on Thursday . The Crown Princess stepped out solo for her royal duties following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of Queen Margarethe II . Mary placed a wreath at a war memorial before attending a gala night on Wednesday .
Bobby Brown spent time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, where his daughter is being cared for . Daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 . While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not expected to ever fully recover .
Ethiopian Lelisa Desisa, 25, was the first-place finisher this year with a time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds . He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for 119th race . Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route . well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead . Yemane Adhane Tsegay was second with 2:09
Google Politics tweeted what it said were 'Related questions to Rand Paul' after he announced he is running for president in 2016 . Among the top questions about Hillary Clinton were: 'How tall is Rand Paul?' and 'Where was Marco Rubio born?'
Woman frantically struggled to stay afloat after her punt hit another boat . The tourist, in her 20s, could be seen holding her head in her hands . She was pulled to safety by her friends after she disappeared under the water . Temperatures are predicted to reach nearly 21C on the hottest day of the year so far .
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh when he was thrown in on Sunday evening . He was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . She managed to make it out of the water and call 911 on Monday . His partner Angelika Graswald was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found .
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995 . The Oklahoma City bombing killed 168 American people . A 23-year-old single mother saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day . 'It doesn't get easier every year,' she said .
Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the river in Cambridge . The swan is said to be even more vicious than his grandfather and grandfather . He was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers . 'He sticks his neck right into punts and boats to nip passengers,' said resident .
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on after seven years as the first lady's fiercely loyal chief of staff . She mostly kept up with fitness-loving Michelle, but drew the line at D.C. workout craze Solidcore . 'She can have that,' the Spelman College graduate says .
Qasr al-Farid is a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement in the northwestern region of the Arabian peninsula . Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important trade routes, linking the north and south . Despite its misleading name, the four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb . It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic and Assyrian architecture .
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house featured as Margo Leadbetter's home . Great-grandmother-of-five has lived at the house in Hillingdon since 1986 . Her comments come after PM promised he would help deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of jobs, home, tax cuts and retirement .
Alaska Airlines flight 448 was bound for Los Angeles when it was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday . The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight . On Thursday, his 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror .
Mayall, who played Alan B'Stard in ITV series The New Statesman, died suddenly aged 56 last June . But probate records reveal he had no will - even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 . It could mean complications for his wife of 29 years, Barbara, and their three adult children . Lawyers have always advised people to have a valid will to avoid pitfalls .
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on heroin and Xanax in early March . His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage, and doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state . Mother Kelly Smith-Miller has shared a picture of her son unconscious in hospital with breathing apparatus and wires across his body .
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms government is researching possible legislation changes . Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits . The hard-line approach comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after whooping cough .
Pennyhill Park has unveiled a £500,000 makeover to its spa . It was used as a rest house during the First World War . Exclusive Hotels bought it and transformed it into a world-class five-star hotel .
Richie Benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment . The 84-year-old had been out walking with his wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope he could return to work . He admitted he didn't wear head gear as a young player because he'd been influence by all rounder Keith Miller . 'When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap ... that's because Keith Miller never wore one,' he admitted last year .
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . The senior was found covered in filth and severely emaciated . He told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces' By the time police rescued him the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together .
Luke Shambrook was found on Tuesday just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park . He is with his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found . Doctors say they are stunned by how healthy Luke appeared, considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday . The 11-year-old was reunited with his rescuers on Wednesday .
Three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt . Only 12% of men that do say they do it regularly say they wash the car as a way for them to earn extra pocket money . The recent Easter break saw an estimated 15 million cars cleaned by their owners . But one in four men only did it as an excuse to get out of the house .
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people . They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line, while women were more troubled by the act itself . Other dilemmas included a scenario where people were hiding from soldiers trying to kill them, but were about to be given away by a baby crying .
Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday . This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch . The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season, but Peterson and his camp had taken issue with team's chief operating officer, Kevin Warren .
Robert Knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 . He has been in court at least once a year since 1959 but has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his record . The pensioner has pleaded guilty to stealing watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel in the city centre .
Singer Miley Cyrus left her underarms unshaved . Here, experts explain why being hairy may be good for you . Hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, is suffering from kidney failure . She went on the national waiting list for a donor, but chose to go a different route . The amount of money raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue' The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs .
Greece’s prime minister will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today . The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy .
Roxy Walsh found the ring at Finns Beach Club in South Kuta, Bali on Tuesday . The 34-year-old woman launched a social media campaign in a bid to return the sentimental ring to the couple . Ms Walsh met with the rightful owners, Joe and Jenny Langley, in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast on Sunday . 'In my mind I thought I'd be going to New York or Italy or somewhere... Instead I ended up just driving myself three hours to NooSa,' she said . Over 6000
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, has a rare neck bend and his head hang from his body . His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . Parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition .
Australian woman, 41, had an emergency on New Year's Eve after accidentally inhaling an earring into her lungs . The woman was getting ready for a party when she started to wheeze . She heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook the device . Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device, and was left coughing up blood . Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end of her lung, which showed the ring was covered in mucu
French TV network hacked by people claiming allegiance to ISIS . Sacked channel took over channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde . Director said attack is continuing, but can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes .
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 . It is the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded . For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks . The findings will add to fears that the rising consumption of alcohol and unhealthy food is taking a terrible toll .
Margaret Bates, 60, is too traumatised to speak about her only daughter's death until now . She is unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter suffered at the hands of violent lover James Smith . Kelly-Anne was burnt with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes . Smith was then jailed for life for his crimes . Next year marks the 20th anniversary of the brutal murder .
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim . Girl, identified by her first name Chloe, was stripped naked and sexually assaulted . Had driven to Britain in a Polish registered car this week, prosecutor said . But he was banned from French territory after being convicted twice .
Niloofar Rahmani is the Afghan Air Force's first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . She flew her first solo flight in a Cessna 182 and decided she wanted to fly even larger aircraft so she attended advanced flight school . 23-year-old defied death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family . Last week she and nine other women were awarded the U.S. Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015 .
Trend is inspired by cartoon character Hestia from Is It Wrong . She's looped tightly around her torso and tied with the bow resting on her arm . Has also been copied by ordinary girls who have been using anime characters .
Eugenie mingled with host of A-listers and film industry bigwigs at the Tribeca Film Festival on Thursday . The 25-year-old royal has been living in New York for a year now . Was also spotted sitting next to actress from HBO's The Newsroom Alison Pill .
Ian Gibson, 55, was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe on Wednesday when it charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died . The Dallas Safari Club is paying for Gibson's funeral despite only having one leg . Hundreds of animal rights supporters were widely pitiless, describing Gibson as a 'magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist'
German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald has spent hours painting his model so she would blend in . The stunning set of images was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday . It looks like an ordinary forest, with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor .
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months . The duo drove an Audi A6 and a Vauxhall Astra from a driveway in Shropshire . Day was in the area at the time when the duo left their DNA at the scenes . They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court .
June Whitfield will appear as Sister Ruth, a nun, in the BBC soap . Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon . The actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace .
Fisher-Price colour-letter pairs matched 25 of the 26 letters in the set . Some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words . Others experience tastes, smells or shapes . Scientists are unsure what causes two senses at the same time .
James Marshall's action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 . It became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production . The film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers, cheetahs and elephants . 'It seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning, but it was dangerous,' said Marshall .
Leanne Kenny, 23, ballooned to almost 20st after repeatedly snacking on junk food at her place of work . The supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates . After breaking down in a shop changing room, Leanne finally resolved to lose weight and cut out her unhealthy post-work snacks .
Marli van Breda used to live with her family in Perth, Western Australia . She was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed . The 16-year-old was released from hospital last month but is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . Doctors say she may never remember what happened on the fateful day of her father, mother and eldest brother .
Ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15 . In 1928, the Easter act was passed to ensure the holiday weekend would be a fixed date . It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans . But just before the dissolution of Parliament last week, Conservative Sir Greg Knight asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the Easter Act .
People currently paying £150 a week to live in flats in Mayfair and Covent Garden . They are owned by housing association and are now worth several million . Conservatives plans to give tenants the chance to own their own homes . But housing association say there will be no affordable housing left for tenants . Ten properties owned by the association are worth between £1million and £2.2million .
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq . But he declined to say whether Washington would provide drones, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS . Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becoming prime minister last September . Obama administration, which welcomed Abadi's ascension after a tricky relationship with Nurial-Maliki, may not provide significant additional support during the meeting .
House of Cards features Francis Underwood, played by Kevin Spacey, and his wife Claire . The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots . With crisply starched linen, glittering candlesticks and heavy silver cutlery, the decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint .
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to property ladder . He said the 'greatest sunshine that there can possibly be' included helping more people but their own home . Seven point plan includes Help to Buy ISA, announced last month's Budget . For every £200 someone puts towards deposit, government will add £50 up to £12,000, meaning a bonus of up to £35,000 .
A photo of a drunken young woman was posted on the club's Facebook page on April 3 . Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping a 18-year-old at his father's Sydney nightclub, SOHO, on May 12, 2013 . He was convicted last month of rape after a jury heard he boasted to the victim he could bring her to a DJ at the club . The club agreed that the photo used was '100 per cent inappropriate' The former private schoolboy's son was also convicted of
Jake Shaw was volunteering as climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre in the Swiss Alps . The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft from the upper floor of the building last year . Had been celebrating Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games . In the game 'Power Hour', participants have to drink a shot of beer every minute for an hour and if completed two and a half litres of beer is consumed . Coroner: 'The level of alcohol in his body was consistent with 11 standard drinks. It's the presumption
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins . Mother-of-twins had posted images on Instagram to boost her confidence . But two minutes later her account was immediately shut down due to 'nudity and violence' Instagram said the pictures were 'clearly fat, ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick'
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, on Friday to pick up cash . Video shows motorists frantically grabbing notes between stopped vehicles . Police have warned anyone caught with cash that was in truck could be jailed . Brinks Armored Truck has a 'substantial amount of money' in the truck .
Biso the cat squeezed into the hole in a wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station in Cairo in 2010 . But then soon became to big to escape - thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo . He fed the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day . The cat is now in finally free thanks to a social media campaign .
Chantelle Doherty, 21, involved in 'cruel and heinous raids' on 92-year-old man's home . Another man bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone . Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work .
Audrie Pott, 15, hanged herself after drinking vodka at a friend's party . Her parents filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable . But the final two teens reached an agreement after initially refusing to say sorry . They also apologized for sharing 'false rumors' that 'served to shame and humiliate her'
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by their adopted father around a year and a half ago from Vietnam . Their adopted father Michael chose the needier twin to receive his liver, which was a perfect match . After finding out that both girls would need a liver transplant two months ago, they were relieved to find that he was an impossible choice . In the end, doctors suggested giving the liver to daughter Phioc, since she needed it the most . Thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and Ph
Sheriff Mbye, 18, died in hospital after receiving stab wounds in scuffle . Another 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday . Officers called to KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, at 5pm yesterday . They found a man, 19, who has also suffered serious wounds at nearby barbershop . But despite best efforts of doctors, the 18 year-old died two hours later .
Dante de Blasio has been accepted into Yale and Brown Universities . His son is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School . Despite six figure salary as mayor, he is now in a situation familiar to millions across the country .
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Dragon Mountain Gold, a mining company . On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber . Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents . She was fired five days later with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS) In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective coating-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
Nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies SpaceX and Boeing with the intention of transporting astronauts to the ISS . The clip was recorded to give the future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft .
Shannon Dooley, 30, has launched 'Retrosweat' - an Eighties-inspired class . The class is inspired by Jane Fonda's iconic skimpy 1970s workouts . A 50-minute workout, it has 12 dance tracks and has a fusion of jogging, jumping, athletic movement and dance . 'I like to change up the tracks and let people request songs, but also give people the structure of the same key moves each week'
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . A party strategist said 'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . Farage will this morning launch the party's manifesto in Thurrock, Essex .
Justin Jackson, a Florida man, has been accused of carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on freebies . He is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Madonna's nephew, Angel Agarrat, and Johnny Depp . Alleged fraud saw him trick New York City jeweler into lending him items worth $2.4million in 2007 . Court papers say he then pretended to be Madonna aide Reggie Love . Jackson 'sent letters on forged OWN stationery to five hotel groups'
Lisa Courtney has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon items . The 26-year-old holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection . Her mother had to move to the smallest room in their house to make room for her array of toys, models, clothing, badges, flannels and posters .
The US Geological Survey compiled two sets of maps including image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape . The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters . To create the maps, more than 6.5 billion measurements were collected between 2009 and 2013 by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Wide Angle Camera .
Father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for private sessions at strip club in London . He attempted to touch her arms and thighs which is against venue's policy . Video shows him repeatedly trying to make contact with naked lap dancer .
Boy pelted Israeli police with stones during violent clashes on West Bank . Bemused officers, equipped with helmets and body armour, calmly watched . Incident raises fears Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic violence .
Delroy Facey, 34, alleged to have contacted non-league player via WhatsApp . He is also accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery . Facey's former clubs include Hull City and West Bromwich Albion . Ex-Bolton striker denies conspiracy to corrupt player Scott Spencer .
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times . Told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off,' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' In interview after his arrest, he even blamed the victim for the murder . James's two brothers described him as the 'devil', admitting that they wanted him to suffer in prison .
Sibling priority will not be given priority in oversubscribed areas . Move will be made even if the family has moved 800 metres . Decision comes amid soaring competition from baby boom and immigration . Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school .
Killer seals have been spotted on four separate occasions . Footage shows male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey . It raises concerns that swimmers could be next . Grey seals are known to lurk in the waters off the coast of Pembrokeshire .
The New York couple has turned to the general public to help them decide whether to name their child Spyridon or Michael . Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael after her late father . She says her ear is not trained for the sounds of our Greek nomenclature .
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last October and his March 24 arrest . He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house . So far only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police .
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, killed Brent McGuigan, 68, and son Brendon, 39, last August . As he was escorted from courtroom, 46-year-old screamed: 'You've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death' He was two years old when older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970 . Father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, received nine-month sentence . In February he pleaded guilty to murder and was sentenced to life in prison
Wak alarm rouses people from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . The device pivots to create a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually . Instead of relying on sensors, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat .
UK Oil & Gas Investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels worth of oil reserves in the Weald Basin, near Gatwick Airport . The potential goldmine in the area could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years, according to the consortium exploring the area . Fracking could retrieve significant volumes at the proposed site, which is 'world class'
More than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq after being taken by Isis militants last June . The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution but instead were piled onto minibuses .
Anonymous donor posted benefactor to Bath Abbey in plain brown envelope . The mystery donor sent the money along with a note saying they wanted to safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' The Footprint project is aiming to raise £20million to repair collapsing floor, fit heating powered by Bath springs, and expand the building . Laura Brown, 48, said: 'This generation has a solemn duty to ensure the Abbey is fit and able to carry out its service to the city'
Amy Hughes completed 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money . The 26-year-old completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester . She ran through five pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record . But she also got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley who was part of her support team .
The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level . No one can see one and remain unchanged, and on occasions they swim in their hundreds . Ospreys have been reintroduced, the first English osPreys for 150 years . They have reclaimed their place in Britain with a flourish .
The celebrity chef has shared a testimonial on Facebook about a woman who claims to no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . Hollie, 30, wrote that she experienced dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . After jumping on the Paleo diet bandwagon, Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever . Evans has been a proud MS advocate .
Jessica Bialek, 37, has been missing since about 8:30am on Wednesday . She was last seen leaving her home on Dudley Street, in the south-eastern Sydney suburb of Coogee about 8.30am . Her husband, Sabino Matera, has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts . 'Jessica is safe and at home. Found. Thank you,' Mr Matera posted on his Facebook page . Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one .
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook . Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer . The 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season .
Pregnancy is a condition that affects the human ageing process . For older women pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down ageing . Researchers at Israeli Medical School studied effects of liver transplants .
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the official list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . The Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate and agreed to replace it with Ivette . ISIS stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians .
Kathy Hughes, 12, said she is 'downright proud' of her father who landed his gyrocopter on the lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday . Doug Hughes, 61, landed the aircraft on the West Lawn last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody . He is now under house arrest in Florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years . Hughes called his 80-mile journey
Julia Van Herck, 42, ballooned to 23 stone after tying the knot with Stefan in 1993 . Mother-of-three from Fulham, West London, underwent surgery after ballooning to 23stone after binge eating following post-natal depression . She would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband would leave her . The fears proved unfounded and a health scare prompted her to lose weight .
Jalila - whose name has been changed - was taken when Arab men stormed her village . They slapped her and dragged her from the house when she resisted him . She was selected from a lottery for men to rape, a survivor told the charity . The group picks victims' names out of a hand in a sick lottery .
The creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call . The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its underside . First glass frog was discovered in 1872. They are thought to have originated in South America before spreading into Central America .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday . She was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the English teacher . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward .
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson using dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB . It begins in 1933 with the first sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia . In the 1950s and 1960s, radar operators spotted a UFO within 120 miles of Los Angeles that moved at incredible speed before vanishing . Some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity and drones .
Wars will erupt again next week after HSBC announces five-year fixed rate . Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as 'astonishing' Offer from one of the country’s biggest mortgage lenders – ‘HSBC is consistently in the top five – launches on Monday .
Three young Bonds won a competition to visit MI5's London HQ . The children even got to attend a meeting with security service's director . Project Petra was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building . It comes at a time when the UK’s intelligence agencies are busier than ever before .
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she had the faulty BrCa1 gene . Increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent . She decided to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year . But 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading breast cancer . Has battled the disease a staggering nine times in the last seven years . Preventative mastectomy is thought to reduce the disease risk by 90 per cent, experts say .
YouTuber Dave Hax’s kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . The process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through, making sure to get the line to meet up on the other side . When the potatoes are ready, drain the water into another pan, leaving the potatoes in the first one .
Zachary Davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh Davis . Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first degree murder and aggravated arson on Tuesday . The court heard how Davis laughed as he killed his mother in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing .
Nadine Crooks, 33, was told she had polycystic ovary syndrome after the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago . Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries . The mother-of-four is now expecting two boys and a girl with 35-year-old partner .
MailOnline investigation finds 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered . More than four inexplicably killed in one day on some farms . Owners claim the bears are dying from disease and old age . But sources say they are being killed to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
Students at McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest last Thursday . The event is understood to have been a reaction to a Day Of Silence event for bullied LBGT students the previous day . 'It hurts me to see how rude and cruel, and some of these people were my friends before this started,' one student said .
Californians are using so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week . Robin Weld, who lives in parched Sacramento, recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a small hand sink-toilet .
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain . He gave his teddy, named Beaumont Bear, a RAF tie and printed the Royal crest, the letters AM for Air Ministry and his nickname 'Bea' Bear was one of 24 pilots in squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved tddy brought him luck . When Fl Lt Beaumont died aged 87 in 1997, his bear was passed to his family . It is now being t
Ed Sheeran, who is currently touring New Zealand, visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital over the weekend . The 20-year-old was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia two weeks later . She had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant, which meant she was forced to give up her tickets . With the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Heeran's attention and beg him to visit her .
The sunken yacht was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States when it sank off Kauai in April 1824 . Scientists from the Smithsonian dredged up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, between 1995 and 2001 . Among the artifacts found by divers were a vegetal ivory finger ring .
The robot, called BB-8, took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention . It literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body . Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network from today .
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn Labour's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going . He refused to resign over Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths .
Nigel Short said women should accept they are 'hard-wired very differently' He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match . Female chess players reacted angrily to Mr Short’s comments last night .
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, met in her sixth grade class when he was 12 years old . They began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills . But by the summer of 1997, she had fallen pregnant with the boy's child . Her husband discovered a love letter she had written to him in 1997 and he contacted police . She was jailed for six months but three were suspended and told to have no contact with the youngster . The couple, who have two teenage daughters, spoke out about
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been stuck in the system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars . In 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church that he would 'take anyone' His story led to him being adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children . Finally, he was sent back to live in the foster care system .
After a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker . Now, researchers have shown higher doses of vitamin E can mitigate stress . One sub-class of T cells, eliminate the virus by killing cells it has infected . Other T cells coordinate the immune response to all kinds of pathogens . But a week can pass before these T cells start to take their toll on a virus .
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You . It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg) and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27lbs) Makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps which stretch or pinch images .
Hillary Clinton's armored 'Scooby' vehicle arrived in Le Claire, Iowa, on Tuesday afternoon . She sipped into the town of Monticello for an education roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality . Clinton ordered a chicken bowl with guacamole, chicken salad and a fruit juice . Her manager, Charles Wright, told Daily Mail Online 'it's true nobody recognized her'
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting a youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham . The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons between May 1 and June 13 last year . Attack happened when boy made mistakes with his studies, including failing to read the Koran correctly .
James Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage . The letter asks for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return his body to England . Bosses at Ismay Imrie & Co, parent company of White Star Lines, uncovered the letter, dated May 7, 1912, to Christopher Moody's brother . They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial .
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . She suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up . Finally, half a year later, the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Kendall Schler finished a third-place finish last year and was the female winner of it this year . Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) and since no photographs were taken there is no proof she is the rightful winner . Her times that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon have now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated .
High-end Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as being one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday . Martinhal is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park . Couples can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice, and enjoy a classy breakfast .
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged this week with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12 . The video allegedly shows hundreds of men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair . Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected .
Nasa has released a infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have subsurface oceans . It followed claims by chief scientist for Nasa that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years . There are at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in our galaxy - and now Nasa claims we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them .
Marisa Curlen, 20, was found dead in her dormitory room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg, Virginia . She was a sophomore at James Madison University and a member of Alpha Phi . Police were awaiting results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play . Miss Curler's death left her hometown reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than one year .
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's truck . The Houston resident got a little help from Facebook and arranged to meet the suspect at a gas station parking lot near I-45 . Police discovered the truck the following day in a storage lot, but its bed and wheels had been stripped .
Andras Janos Vass, 25, groomed fellow Hungarians online then kept them captive in New York City and Miami . Prosecutors said at least two of the victims were lured to the U.S. via a gay dating website .
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi, officials say . Hundreds of U.S. troops are reportedly training units of Iraqi forces at a military base . Fleeing residents in Baghdad said that Ramadadi resembled an ghost town . Anbar deputy governor describes the situation as "catastrophic"
Interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties . Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming . But as the results show, this national number glosses over the geographic diversity within states . The Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880 .
Brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole captured on camera in Johannesburg . Men repeatedly stabbed him with knives and bludgeoning him with a wrench . Government sent in troops to control riots after spate of xenophobic attacks .
Flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area . Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights . Radio-controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography .
Researchers in Dubendorf, Switzerland, say the gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide . desflurane, isoflurande and sevofluranrane - gases that send patients to sleep during surgery - are having an increasing effect on the climate .
An internal report has revealed that the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as 'enemy forces' The guard were activated in November ahead of the decision by a St Louis grand jury . Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles .
Researchers analysed the brains of people reading passages from the collection . Found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion . 'A text is more than a list of words, and the way these words are combined, or context they are embedded in, clearly matter,' said the researchers .
David Cameron revealed daughter Nancy has likened her father to Phil Dunphy . He admits the comparison is 'not great', even his fashion getting thumbs down . Now in its sixth series Modern Family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of American since Friends .
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage . State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion almond market . A campaign singles out Nestle as the main villain after an investigation . An online petition demanding that the company seize production of bottled water in California with immediate effect has garnered more than 150,000 signatures .
The mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated, a group of consumer advocates told the FTC . The app was introduced as a 'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' But activists say it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tanny since Christmas last year . Northern Rail have encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour . The rhymes are a hit with travellers and have been going strong since .
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham . Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit . A doctor videotaped Pham while she was in her hospital bed on October 16 and images were later made public . Since Pham contracted the disease while working for the hospital as an intensive care nurse, her remedy should be a worker's compensation claim, not in civil court .
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's home . When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died . But the baby was still alive and had for an unknown reason been adopted by another family . Friends of Gilmore's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her .
Thabo Sefolosha was taken to the hospital with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments . He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antic for allegedly preventing them setting up a crime scene . The NYPD has launched an internal investigation after it was claimed the officers overpowered the basketball star . In a statement released by the Atlanta Hawks official Twitter account, the player says it has been a 'difficult time' for him .
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected . Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket caused a spike in deaths in Europe and the US during the northern winter as the vaccine did not provide the right buffer against the diseases . Experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for .
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn in as mayor last Wednesday but her victory overshadowed by the departures of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor . The officials all cited 'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says . There are 713 people living in the town and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent is black .
Italian designers MHOX have been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease . They plan to combine biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . Project raises the prospect of bio-engineering within years to come .
Stephen King has announced Sony will be putting his 'magnum opus' The eight-book series is written between 1970 and 2012 . Movie and TV version mainly stems from the first novel, The Gunslinger .
Cindy Santamaria-Williams says she and her sister-in-law were beaten because she told them to quiet down during a movie . Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught .
Fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day with a plastic toy fishing rod . Approaching the water, the young boy holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod, but it isn’t clear whether or not he has hooked anything . He puts his hand into the lake and plucks the fish out, then confidently puts his finger in its mouth to remove the hook .
Reddit users have been comparing the effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children . One mother set her son's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house . Another adult decided to task their children with cutting the lawn with scissors .
Marilyn Zuniga sent her third-grade class 'get well' letters to sick inmate Mumia Abu-Jamal . He was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison last month . School superintendent said administrators 'vehemently deny' knowledge of her assignment . She will remain suspended without pay until an investigation is completed .
The collective wedding was organised by a new social media app designed for pets . Love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ‘exchange vows’ and receive marriage certificates . No expense was spared for the special occasion, as the 21 canines arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine .
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out five-point rise in corporation tax . Also evasive about 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years . Main rate has been brought down under Coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent .
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 with tea party sets . Or try the snug Looking Glass Cottage with decor inspired by story . Jacqueline Martin, 37, sourced the wallpaper online in less than a year .
Indonesia's plan to execute Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan has not dented Australian tourist visits to Bali . The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year . Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia . Mr Taylor said Mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban, which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism .
Perfume really can make us more attractive, says Professor Tim Jacob . Lavender, an ingredient in many perfumes, is a smell that's strongly associated with pleasure .
Morrissey has written a letter to Australian retailer The Just Group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool . Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance . PETA has successfully petitioned other retailers, including David Jones, Myer, Sportsgirl, General Pants Co, and Jeanswest, to stop using the controversial fur . The 55-year-old will perform four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live
@BarbieStyle, Barbie's style Instagram account, launched last August . Since then swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of the account . The hilarious result is the doll's hugely popular Instagram page . It now has more than 730,000 followers .
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot . The 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck as she climbed out . Furniture boss Phillip Dickens was described as the 'king of DIY' He was fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence at Amersham Crown Court .
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by police in connection to Monday evening street fight in Muskegon, Michigan . Two 19-year-olds threw up their fists in the middle of a street, coaxed on by a crowd in the street . When friends try to intervene, others tell them to give space so they can continue fighting it out . Police are still attempting to locate the young woman .
Stefan Stoykov, 18, moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English . Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet – and a further ten big league universities . Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking .
More than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point, survey finds . In comparison 43 per cent admitted they wished they had more friends . Young people often create an online persona that doesn't reflect how they are really feeling .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led ferocious assault on Labour leader . Mr Fallon claimed he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted to sell out . Poll suggests up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose Trident .
Petition started to get spikes removed from outside fast food giant's Leeds branch . 70,000 people have signed petition demanding them be removed . McDonald's says they are meant to stop people sleeping rough in Leeds . But critics say they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed benches .
Aluel Manyang believes her younger sister and two brothers were killed when they were taken by a crocodile . The five-year-old girl was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's on Friday to reunite her with her mother . Akon Guode crashed her car into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday . He visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay in the hospital overnight .
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use the ride-sharing app . Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .
Putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out, just like this home for sale in Sandy Bay in Tasmania . Michelle Hutchison is a real estate expert from Finder.com.au who says de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block . In most parts, the Australian property market remains at record high levels .
Australian entrepreneur Jo Burston, 43, achieved a turnover of $40 million in her first four years of business . Her top tips include trusting her gut instinct and being bold . Burston's mentor Richard Branson said: 'You don't have to give up until you're in the ring, fight until the end'
Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner made provocative speech . Foreign Office summoned ambassador to UK over 'illegitimate occupation' Argentine government accused three British oil firms of working without permission .
Hattie Gladwell, 19, blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . The ad features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old . She says her tip is: get over being squeamish. You're going to be emptying your bag 6 times a day .
John Frost has had to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you . He often detects drugs: socks impregnated with heroin, cannabis resin in shoes, soup cans of bitumen . Fliers originating in Amsterdam often contained 20 LSD tabs worth £10,000 on the street .
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared after leaving a Glasgow nightclub . She was last seen leaving the man's flat in Kelvindale at around 4am . CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before walking . But police revealed they tracked down the man and are not treating him as a suspect . Her parents have flown to Scotland to help with the search for their daughter .
Keith MacDonald, 29, has been dubbed 'Britain's most feckless father' Has had 15 children by the age of 30 and is estimated to cost £2million . He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother .
The man was found on the streets of Gniezno in February . Polish police have released images of the man in the hope of identifying his accent . The man is 6ft3in tall, about 35-years-old and has ginger hair .
Freddie Gray, 27, died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, likely from spinal injuries . Gray was arrested by four officers for an undisclosed violation that's being kept 'secret' according to his lawyer . His stepfather Richard Shipley said: 'He's gone. What else is there to say?' Gray was taken to the police station 30 minutes after his arrest .
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in help Nermin Kancefer . Disinherited surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for 20 years . His family claimed carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease and was in poor health . But mother-of-one insists carer had change of heart after falling out with family . Family agreed £50,000 settlement after they were told legal costs could reach six figures .
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years . He worked in Fleet Street during the glory days of reporters . His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column .
David Cameron is said to have watched The Great British Bake Off . Unofficial collectibles include Conservative cupcake cases and party leader underwear . UKIP pendents and politicians are used to being the butt of the joke .
The Project were promoting upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che when they accidentally used two clips of the wrong African-American comic Jay Pharoah . Network apologised for the embarrassing mistake, saying 'we stuffed that up' later on during the program . 'Maybe we can just get him to sit in this seat and see if anyone notices,' tweeted Georgie Coghlan . Sarah Bong tweeted about the blunder, saying the Project 'just played a few clips for upcoming guest Michael Che and 2 of the clips were
EasyJet customers asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation . But easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee for proof flight was cancelled . Association of European Airlines has confirmed no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged . There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month .
In some areas, response times are 50 per cent longer than three years ago . In Bedfordshire, crime victims wait on average 14 minutes for response . Labour's Yvette Cooper said: '999 waits have gone up significantly' But the Home Office dismissed the criticism as 'provocative'
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering Paige Chivers, 15, in August 2007 . He allegedly told officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep . Prosecution Service believes he did so to 'test the water', jury hears . Ewing's friend Gareth Dewhurst, 46, was overheard saying he had dumped her body . But Ewing 'rang police two weeks before she went missing to ask how they would react' He was arrested in September last year and is currently on trial at
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach, at the tip of WA's North West Cape . It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia . Department of Parks and Wildlife staff eventually identified the 5.68m juvenile female with DNA profiling . The whale's carcass has been buried and the skeleton will be recovered in a few years for further scientific investigation .
Kate wore £35 ASOS polka-dot dress to visit foster carers in London . Seraphine and ASOS have all been worn repeatedly during pregancy . The Duchess of Cambridge is a top-skin style icon .
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall . Passenger hopped out of vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack . Had been carrying the hefty sum of cash after cashing his inheritance . On realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed' and made a friend for life .
The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet under the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes . The vessel is silent and somewhat expensive and comes with battery power . Adventurers can explore up to 2,000ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to having sex with a 17-year-old student . Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page made the 'dangling candy' comment as he chastised her for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself . On Friday, Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest .
Motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty, Harriet Harman has admitted . Deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases . She said: 'We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or higher rate of tax, we will put up national insurance rates'
Austrian designers Maya Pindeus, 24, and Johanna Pichlbauer, 25, have created a machine that takes the effort out of applying make-up . The eyeliner is fixed to a robotic arm which moves the brush in a movement intended to mimic that of a hand with the motto 'with determined brush strokes the cosmetic ritual takes its course'
Ron and June Phillips allegedly headed to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa . But their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation . Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was 'ignored' when he joined table and moved to another . Couple were on a 14-night holiday based in the Canary Islands .
Dave Heeley, 57, is the first blind man to complete the 'toughest footrace on Earth' The father-of-three crossed the finish line on Friday after running 156 miles . Temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day and more than 40 per cent humidity . He has raised funds for the Albion Foundation, a charity that works in partnership with his West Brom .
Patients groups said packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures . Professor Jane Dacre called for an independent review of top NHS pay . Sir Brian Jarman, a senior Government health adviser, called for a public inquiry . Labour’s Andy Burnham said: ‘Labour will conduct a thorough investigation into this, as part of our plan to ensure pay fairness from bottom to top in the NHS.
Martin Richard, 8, and Denise Richard, 21, wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe, a day after the two-year anniversary of their son Martin's death . The Richards say Tsarnaev should be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives . They say they are thankful to the government prosecutors for their 'tireless and committed' work to bring justice . But they are now asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send him to jail for the rest of
Gemma, 34, showcased Evans' new plus-size fashion collection today . The high street star teamed the ruched blue and pink dress with a golden tan . New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses, plus a pair of floral fringed kimonos .
120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky . That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health . Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested . But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26 . Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered painkiller Opana .
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday . The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road in South Australia's southeast . 25-year-old had been driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier at about noon on Monday .
The leather dildo was found during an excavation at the city of Gdansk . It dates back to the second half of the 18th century, archaeologists say . The phallic artifact has now been taken away for preservation work .
A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high . Parking charges and fines made councils in England a record £667million last year . Renewing a passport was made £5 cheaper to £72.50 in 2012, but it is still a hefty sum that stands in the way of a foreign holiday .
Noelle Baynham was discovered by a friend after she failed to answer door . The 61-year-old was partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier . They are thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food . Pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs, who were trapped in the house, ate parts of her vital organs .
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of first British tomatoes . Strawberries are already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March . Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month .
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, may have been assassinated by governing regime . Father of six was found slumped in a car with wounds to his chest on Tuesday . His son, Murhaf, issued a statement on behalf of the family, calling for witnesses to come forward . 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet,' he said .
The city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons . It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one, stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across Peru and Bolivia .
Naomi, 44, and 24-year-old Jourdan have been unveiled as face of Burberry's new eyewear collection, Gabardine . The new campaign sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine, a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat .
Health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the new must-have . Oil is thought to help boost shiny locks and help with menopause . Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E and vital minerals . Zinc and vitamin E from the pumpkin seed can also improve skin’s healing process, helping fight off acne, beat scarring and maintain skin renewal .
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, tried to buy poison online . He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January . The teenager will be sentenced later this month for the offence .
Jia Huaijin, 33, now makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each . The traditional swords are highly sought after by collectors from as far as Canada . Mr Huajin would have been the type used by warriors in the Han dynasty .
Thirty-five people killed and 125 injured after suicide bomb detonated in Afghanistan . Taliban President Ghani said: 'Who claimed responsibility for attack today?' The group, which included military personnel and civilians, were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled . Pictures show shoes, belongings and commercial goods scattered over road and pavement amid broken glass and blood .
The Australian It crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski .
US has deployed massive aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt to waters off embattled country . Fleet is keeping an eye on eight Iranian vessels suspected of carrying weapons . Fears in Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen fight off Iranian rebels . Coalition of Arab countries backed by America continues its aerial assault in Yemen today, killing at least 20 in capital Sana'a . US flotilla - armed with F18 fighter jets - has refused to say whether it would intercept fleet if it neared port .
Three-bedroom apartment in Knightsbridge, London, on sale for £575,000 . Cost would work out at £191,000 per year - £15,000 per month . But if any buyer decides to extend lease, the property could be worth £6 million . The 'unmodernised' maisonette is described as 'bright and well proportioned' It boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, reception room and utility room .
Ukip leader challenged to a sword fight by Polish aristocrat, Janek Zylinski . Polish prince declares he has 'had enough' of discrimination against immigrants . He met an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex .
Nutritionist Isabelle Obert believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception . She runs Nurture Me Fertility and believes good nutrition is important for 'good' fertility . Avocados are an excellent source of folate - as well as taking folic acid supplement - can help prevent spina bifida .
Labour leader says the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' He says rising numbers of serious criminals are 'given off the hook' Police and crime commissioners would be axed to help fund £800 million plan . Lord Stephens is being investigated over hotly disputed allegations .
Petri Kurti, 13, killed Glynis Bensley, 47, as she walked home in West Midlands . CCTV footage captured the moment he flipped her body over to ransack pockets . Co-defendant Zoheb Majid was sentenced to 10 years in jail for manslaughter and robbery . He boasted to Ms Bensley's family that he was 'running wild' in his home life . The schoolboy was named after a judge lifted reporting restriction order .
Jeremy Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire . The 55-year-old said being given a warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . In an attempt to explain his state of mind at the time of the attack, he said: 'Two days before the “fracas” I had been told, sternly, by my doctor that the lump on my tongue was probably cancer and that I must get it checked out immediately'
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden . Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . The blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a Homeden original . While the doors have not yet been opened to potential buyers, they believe the property will fetch upward of $3.5 million on auction day .
Jessica Bialek vanished from her Coogee home around 8.30am on Wednesday . The 37-year-old was found by police at her home in Sydney's south-eastern suburbs around 6.30pm on Thursday . Her husband, Sabino Matera, posted a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped bring his wife home . He posted on his Facebook page: 'Jessica is safe and at home. Found. Thank you for all your prays' Police confirmed Jessica was home with a post on Thursday evening . Ms Bi
Fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong at 2am on April 1 . Police have released a photo of a bearded male they want to speak to . Church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile priest Father Kevin O'Donnell .
Harry was out with his parents when he was caught under cyclist's wheel . The 18-month-old was dragged face first for 3ft along the Cambridge pavement . Harry had to be treated at Addenbrooke's hospital for cuts and bruises . Police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident .
Stephanie Scott, a school teacher from Leeton, went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday . Her accused killer, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, had sent out 120 invites for their wedding which was decorated by loved ones with yellow balloons and flowers .
Natalie Bennett has been dating boyfriend Jim Jepps for five years . Used blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' and explain why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register . Couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct his blog . Now the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants .
Tesla was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future . In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation . He proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions, the excerpt said . But Page declined to comment on the matter, but told Vance that a 'car company is pretty far from what Google knows'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . She had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . Now the 56-year-old teacher is suing her rural school district over the lingering stress she feels following the surprise 'harebrained scheme'
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned . The 21-year-old's body was found 200 yards from a coast guard station . His family have said he was 'very comfortable' in their home town of Fairfield, Connecticut . In a eulogy seen by the Democrat and Chronicle, they paid tribute their son .
Brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, say researchers . Sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line, experts claim . Comes after Jimmy Savile was revealed to be raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse .
Tim Tebow hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season . He worked out with the Eagles last month and must have impressed Philadelphia head coach Chip Kelly . The Eagles already have four other quarterbacks on their roster: Sam Bradford, Mark Sanchez, Matt Barkley and G.J. Kinne. He will wear No. 11 with the team .
Brooklyn-based photographer Kate T. Parker has turned a collection of candid images of her energetic daughters and their friends into a powerful photography series . Strong is the New Pretty is a series that celebrates the strength of the girls and celebrates their strength and confidence .
Historian Eric Cline says ancient Egyptians were hit by a series of disasters . Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes and internal rebellions occurred between 1225BC and 1177 BC . Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed more than 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change . Scientists examined ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time .
The suit makes the 4,300-mile journey his Memphis mansion to London . It is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at the O2 exhibition . Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique .
Queensland man Mick Tabone came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . Gregory was captured by National Parks after he was found stealing cattle . Mr Tabone spent six months setting up traps in order to save the reptile .
Grayson Moore, 22, and Annabel Jensen, 22, have both transitioned gender . The Mormon church doctrine states that anyone who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized . They have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe .
Maryland authorities released a 7-hour 911 call that reignited the hands-off parenting controversy for two Maryland children . Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police while walking through Silver Spring suburb of Washington, DC-adjacent suburb of Silver Spring on Sunday . The operator asked, 'Have you talked to them to see, you know, why are they just walking around by themselves?' The children have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours before allowing them to reunite with their
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor 'Tex' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to seven-year-old Satine Cahill . Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday . The girl became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium . Tex quickly stepped up to help calm the blonde pig-tailed girl down before taking her hand and walking with her .
Property developer Westley Capper, 37, has admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightclub in the Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus . Police believe 5ft 7in woman was forced into the vehicle by the expat . He showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday .
Justin Welby will say that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were ‘witnesses’ His comments follow Pope Francis’s denunciation of 'senseless' killings at Garissa University College in which Christians were singled out and shot .
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . Allegedly had sex with 16-year-old and a man, 18, in the bathroom during the party . But earlier this week, her daughter took to Twitter to defend her actions . 'Yes my mom was arrested. Yes she is an alcoholic. Yea I've f***ed up too. But nobody deserves this s***. So stop'
Charlotte Li decided to design Healthy Selfie after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick . The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling fat and unhealthy . She continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come .
The Mohonk Mountain House is a faux-gothic Victorian castle . The hotel is located on the banks of the Shawangunk Ridge, a vast cliff band . Parks and trails are an adventure playground for all ages .
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga . But as the car approaches, it hits a roadside bomb, catapulting it into the air . What's left of the car is then seen dropping back into the massive cloud of smoke that has billowed up from the ground . Comes as Iraq's prime minister said his country needs more support to 'finish' the Islamic State .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly raped cadets as young as 15 while working in Croydon . Woman says he asked her if she wanted to have sex with him but she ignored him . 'He always told me not to say anything to anyone because no one will believe me and looking at his status, I believed him,' court heard .
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by police chief in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the town's police force . He was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at previous postings . But before his probation year was out he said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops - and was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to color of his skin . Vandals sprayed a misspelled message on the right hand side of his car, the other side read: 
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday near Cartersville, Georgia . Burns was one of five members of the Southern hard rock band . He crashed his motorcycle into a truck outside of Macon, Georgia, when he was just 24 . Cartersville is about 125 miles from where Duane Allman died in a 1971 motorcycle crash .
Bilal Khaled released video of three works painted on the walls of Gaza homes destroyed in Israeli air strikes in February . The elusive Banksy produced the artwork during a secret visit to Gaza last year that was blasted in a summer war between Hamas and Khaled . Now homeless family in impoverished Palestinian enclave say they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item . Khaled says he will exercise his rights over the graffiti because he has the paperwork to prove that I own it .
Robert Mugabe arrived in South Africa today for a three-day state visit . But upon closer inspection, it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery . It emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him . Photo was turned into numerous memes showing him in imagined circumstances .
The explorer, 71, completed the most gruelling desert stage of the desert race . But was taken to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart . He previously suffered two heart attacks and a double heart bypass .
Doug Hughes, 61, landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol this week with letters for all 535 members of Congress . He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C. next month . His wife Alena claims she was not aware of the plan and that he was going to Virginia but did not elaborate . After a series of interviews, the Secret Service decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes'
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the British Museum since 2002 . He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years . 'Working with this collection and with colleagues here has been the greatest privilege of my professional life,' he said .
Richard Ilczyszyn was 46 when he lost consciousness on a Southwest flight . He was 'groaning' and 'crying' as plane made it home to Orange County, California . But Southwest Airlines allegedly left him in cubicle and called paramedics . Kelly is suing Southwest for failing to act and is filing a wrongful death suit . She described having to tell daughter Sydney that her husband had died .
Tiger Woods hit a tree root during the final round of the Masters on Sunday . The 39-year-old was 470 yards away with the ball nestled in pine straws . When he followed through he slammed the club into a root, causing him to wince . It forced him to put the joint back in, but he managed to finish his round .
Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-dom status – but it emerged that Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it between two and five years . Tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-Sevens from crackdown . But tax advisers immediately disputed this, saying change would raise £1bn .
The clip was removed from the Facebook site after three days on Sunday . It shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio . Facebook said the clip contained 'potentially offensive nudity' The show's creators were encouraged to share the video with people to share it .
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in July 2012 . Underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his bowel . Decided to try cannabis oil and bought it from a dealer for £50 a gram . Claims he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January . Says he put the class-B drug down to his recovery and is looking forward to the future .
Kathy Bush spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness . A health care worker suspected Kathy of purposefully making her 9-year-old daughter ill by giving her extra doses of medicine . After a lengthy legal battle, a jury found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced her to five years in prison . Jennifer spoke out for the first time on Wednesday, saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she never abused her .
Tiger Woods was 12 strokes behind the leader American Jordan Spieth in the second round of the Masters on Friday . Vonn looked stressed at times though Woods played a solid round to card a three-under-par 69 . The 21-year-old would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods at two-under 142 .
Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks . But we might sleep longer, we don’t feel as refreshed in the morning . Sleep Cycle app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone .
A New York photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a sidewalk for Jose Luis to propose to his girlfriend on Valentine's Day . The set looked like a living room, child's bedroom, or bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . But Bettman was actually building these sets right on the street, using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage .
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South . Photographs captured at the site show eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties . The site was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South, but has become popular in recent years .
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture . Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair . Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed . 'How many birthdays did you miss?' she screamed . Dorsey, the father of one of the children, did not respond to her y
Temperatures expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today, with temperatures reaching 22C . This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (64F), Madrid at 18C and more . Parts of North dipping to 2C (36F) tonight with threat of frost in South East . Hottest day of the year before was last Friday when 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in London .
Chinese man driving to visit his mother saw woman lying by the side of the road . Driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past woman who turned out to be his mother . Mr Zhang told local media that he didn't want to stop for the woman because of the trouble it might cause .
Nicola Sturgeon reveals she will regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' poll . Also plans to be in London on May 8 to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament . She would also take charge of any talks even though she is not running for a Westminster seat and he is . Her manifesto includes proposals to seek to thwart in/out EU referendum by 2017, the first time voters would have had a say on our place in Europe for 40 years.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by David's sister Anne . Anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day . 'I was in tears and was so angry. I did not think someone was capable of doing that,' says Sandra . The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies .
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder of Walter Scott . Mr Scott, 50, was shot dead last Saturday in North Charleston, South Carolina . Eyewitness accounts said Scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground . Officer Slager radioed into his control saying he was pulling over a Mercedes . He then made a further frantic call to dispatchers at 9.38am after firing eight shots .
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother Elizabeth Hobbs with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964 . He made the six hour journey to the cemetery out in Wandoan, Queensland . But the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes . Mr Gee said he had a 'small spade' with him and was able to dig the hole himself . Western Downs Regional Council confirmed process was 'a bloody bit stupid'
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio . He says he was walking when he saw the men with shotguns abducted him and took him away in their van . A warrant was issued for his arrest last month but he remains at large .
The Prince is in Australia to report for official military duty . He was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial . The 30-year-old royal declared 'selfies are bad' during his visit to Canberra . His grandmother, the Queen, said she finds it ‘strange’ to see royal on her phone .
Scottish student Caitlin McNeill, 21, posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles . The dress has been described as blue, grey and green during the BBC contenders' debate last night . Many viewers on Twitter thought Nicola Sturgeon's dress was grey, while others insisted it was green .
North West, one, is obsessed with make-up and loves to buy her mom's bag . The toddler always requests a pair of pair of shoes in the morning . North, who turns two in June, loves 'mini-me styles' and 'seeing kids in black'
Transportation Security Administration agent Daniel Boykin, 33, was fired in May 2014 after becoming obsessed with a coworker at Nashville International Airport . He was found with 92 videos of the woman — 29 photos taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs . Investigators found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos taken inside the woman's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom, which they believe suggested he planted hidden cameras .
Shanay Walker had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death . She was found cold and stiff in her bed in Bestwood, Nottingham, last July . Her legal guardian, Kay-Ann Morris, 23, was arrested and charged with murder .
New figures revealed 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year . Increase put down to introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits which are varied according to driving conditions . Many drivers are being given minimum £100 fines despite driving under the national motorway speed limit of 70mph .
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse . The grandmother-of-four now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg . She reckons she has been set back 'years' in her battle with the condition .
Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, appears to be flying . Wil was born in October 2013 and his father said he once believed having a child with Down Syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . In return, the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability . The family recently started a Kickstarter campaign .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal thought to have fled to Turkey on March 31 . Muslim leader: 'Muslims must talk to other teenagers and thinking this is the way' Teenagers last seen on day they are believed to have flown from Manchester to Dalaman .
Father-of-three Christian Longo was sentenced to death for the 2001 murders of his wife and three children in Oregon . He then went on a booze-fuelled Mexican trip to Mexico before being captured by the FBI, arrested and charged . Now a film about his life, True Story, has been released, and the killer has spoken out from behind bars .
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning . Rev Howard-John Wesley urged congregation not to take selfies with him . He and wife Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk during annual Easter Roll .
Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 . The bubbly face of Spray'n'Wipe has graced Australian TV screens throughout the Seventies and Eighties . She revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression . Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik found her after a suicide attempt .
Pool used as unusual catwalk setting for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Ten Pieces is headed up by Icebergs restaurateur Maurice Terzini and his partner Lucy Hinckfuss .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, was trained with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . The 23-year-old left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with the terrorist group, Jabhat al-Nusrah . After finishing his training in Syria, he was instructed by a cleric to return to the US and carry out an act of terrorism, according to the Justice Department .
Kenne Worthen, 27, 'had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August' The married father-of-one kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts' He 'told her mother, "Can she stay after school and help with something?" and mom said, "Of course, why not?"' The girl initially denied the relationship but later admitted to it .
Obama insists the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack . But he acknowledges his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain . Obama cast Iran talks as a broader foreign policy doctrine that allows him to take calculated risks .
Suncorp Bank report suggests Australians spent $20 billion on digital devices and services - or on average $2,300 each . Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services . Families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters . Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families .
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three . people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth . Will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility southeast of El Paso .
More than 5,000 British teenagers quizzed on alcohol consumption in the mid-2000s . Those who had watched most films were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol . But only six per cent of films in the UK depicted alcohol use were classified as adult . Bristol University researchers called for films to be rated by alcohol content .
Rally goers gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday . Rally goesers sped off, blocking the intersection, and police followed marchers all the way . This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster .
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . He wrote on his blog that he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the St. Louis University School of Medicine and heavily attacks affirmative action policies in the United States . His sister did not support him during his social experiment and specifically asked him not to do it .
Photos were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday . They detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition . Owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide adequate living conditions . The cats suffered from high-temperatures, flea-allergy dermatitis and respiratory issues .
Lindsay Jo was 13 when she went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994 . Body was discovered in Rochdale canal five months later with a 20lb rock . Teen's sister Kate describes family's struggle since death as a 'life sentence' Detectives admit they are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice .
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5 when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services . The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives . Police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin .
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning, his first since Saturday . He spent Easter Sunday with his family, but he made a series of campaign visits yesterday . David Cameron is on a whirlwind tour of the UK his wife Samantha .
Jason Warnock, 29, rescued Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car on Wednesday morning as it dangled over a canyon cliff in Lewiston, Idaho . He had been working at the time of the crash when he noticed debris in the road and the vehicle hanging near the edge of the cliff - so he jumped into action . After he was named on Thursday, he met with police and it emerged that he had fled the scene to go to work and had to get back to his job .
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales . He was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later . Owners Steven Davison, 71, and his wife Susan, 68, from Llanrwst in the Conwy Valley, couldn't believe their luck when their daughter saw a picture of her childhood pet on Facebook .
Striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark . It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal . But the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water . University of Southampton expert Dr Ken Collins told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours which reflect the colours associated with each leader . David Cameron’s bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband’s is in a red raspberry and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .
Chelsea Clinton talks about her own mom in an interview with Elle . She said it is time the United States needs a female president . Chelsea's mother Hillary is expected to announce her presidential campaign this Sunday .
Pennsylvania scientists found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation . This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . However further research is needed to confirm that this is the case . The research was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University .
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos . On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own . 'I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth,' he said in a statement .
Judge M. Marc Kelly said Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto 'inexplicably became sexually aroused but did not appear to consciously intend to harm the victim' The mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life . Prosecutor have said they will appeal the decision .
Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following the Olympics . The 44-year-old presenting everything from rugby league coverage to Crufts . She married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year .
Abase Hussen took daughter Amira to a demonstration when she was 13 . Admits he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and two friends decided to join IS . The father was caught in video footage amid a flag-burning mob . Also at the rally were hate cleric Anjem Choudary and Michael Adebowale .
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct objects in orbit around Earth . It could cut cost by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit . The robots can then piece together materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft . SpiderFab could also cut cost of building spacecraft by 'spinning' material into shape .
Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black faces . He said: 'There was another one of our leading spokesman who is half black' Included several photographs of the party's top team but only black face in document appeared on a page about overseas aid .
Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier travelled from West Midlands to Buckinghamshire . Seven-year-old dog ran out of woods in front of RSPCA van and started barking . When she opened cab door, Alfie bounded in and started licking her face . Owner Kirsty Mitton, 23, launched appeal on Facebook to find dogs . Alfie had been missing for 12 days after being stolen with other terrier Lillie .
The 69-year-old actress will be a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in Las Vegas . Priscilla and her husband collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win 'ultimate wedding'
The Spanish royal family, led by King Felipe, arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle . Princess Leonor, 9, and Princess Sofia, 7, have been spotted at a public engagement for several months . They are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence .
The Egyptian-themed mansion promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' had its first noise complaint . After months of complaints both Lownds and Sean Grey, the mansion's manager, got hit with code violations .
The vintage-style doll is being reproduced and goes back on sale this Saturday . Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls . The first 100 customers will be able to purchase the doll for the original 1959 price of $3.00 .
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday . Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their trademark eccentricity, created in collaboration with esteemed artist Linda Jackson . The Art Gallery of New South Wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by Alice Babidge .
EU will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . Will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine . Search giant currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market - but EU may have to change its business model .
International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne . Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February . David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a ‘jobs miracle’
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . Researchers at U.S. National Cancer Institute are using the vaccine on 70 men who have been treated for the cancer . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year .
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said that congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement is essential to help ensure that the deal is not a bad one . He said Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it . The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30 . Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation .
Studies show eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest . Our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages . Tracey Cox gives her tips on how to use your peepers to get someone's attention .
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 dogs seized by RSPCA inspectors . Animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been suitable diet . Three of the fully grown dogs were found crammed in puppy cages in garden shed . Couple were jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets .
Kim Kardashian, her husband Kanye West, their daughter North and Kim's sister Khloe arrived in Yerevan on Wednesday . The celebrity visitors are in the culturally rich Armenian capital, where the Opera House is among its most notable landmarks . Republic Square is a tourist attraction in itself, with its combination of Soviet-era architecture and Neo-Classical official buildings .
Gang targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops . They swiped £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 . In one raid, the men stole a store manager's Mercedes E200 as getaway car . The four men have been jailed for more than 27 years for conspiracy to rob . Mobile phones found at the addresses linked the robbers to areas of crime .
Natasha Elderfield, 41, chased her boyfriend off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover . Robert Dobinson, 33, had interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man, a court heard . Elderfield told police officers who arrested her, 'my God, it’s so ******g funny' She is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder .
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Malaika Singleton said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013 . The ACLU filed the complaint on behalf of singleton, who said her hair was styled in tightly-wound 'sisterlocks' The TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality' and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'
Georgina Bartter died after taking 'one and a half' ecstasy pills last year . She collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to hospital but died from multiple organ failure . Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her friend with the fatal pills that led to her death . Matthew Forti, 19, is also charged with supplying a prohibited drug in Northbridge and possessing a drug in Willoughby in February . Ms Barribal appeared in front of Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday .
Number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 . Percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame, while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070 . Those who do not affiliate with any religion will make up a 'declining share' of the world's population - even if their numbers are increasing in countries such as the U.S., the UK and France .
Shelly Sterling has been awarded nearly all of the nearly $3 million she had sought from Clippers owner Donald Sterling . Stiviano had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that Shelly couldn't seek them from a third party . Judge Richard Fruin Jr. ordered Sterling to pay his wife $2.6million .
Awel Manyang believes her younger sister and two brothers died in the crash at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday . The five-year-old remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident . Her mother Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash . He said she was feeling dizzy before the crash and remembers her children crying out .
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members . She died following a lengthy illness . 'She had a great life in entertainment, a very rewarding and rich life,' said his aunt .
Matthew Bird has fathered three children and was expected to pay $1,300 a month in child support . He said the increased figure is 'unreasonable' and believes illegal employment will flourish . New Zealand MP Jo Goodhew invited parents to her office to discuss how the changes are affecting their wage .
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, dropped out of high school after completing eighth grade when she couldn't get to her local high school . Now a resident at Meadows Assisted Living and Memory Care, the centenarian was presented with an honorary high school diploma 87 years after she would have graduated . 'I was born in 1911, and there was no way that country kids six miles away could go to high school,' Ms Hunt said .
Earlier this week, a Brazilian commuter was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform . Nelson Felippe took a photo, and expressed his disapproval on Facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours . He mentions: 'They are challenging social conventions, and this can be dangerous'
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song . The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015 . In the video, Professor Hawking ‘runs over’ Professor Brian Cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe .
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out the star, having heard rumors the star was gay, but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star . 'I'd sneak out at 6am in my Chevy Nova and coast down the street without turning on the engine so the neighbors wouldn't hear. We thought we were being so clever,' he says in an interview with People . The two would just each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating . This lasted for
Neale McShane has spent ten years working in far south-west Queensland, where is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia . The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states, but he says nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville . He believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner .
Deaths in Britain, which have been falling for 40 years, will go up by 20 per cent . At same time price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation . Younger people finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families .
The actress is selling the penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with a $75million asking price . The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River . Moore and Willis split up in 2000, and Moore says she doesn't spend much time there any more .
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops in Grangetown, Cardiff . The Muslim Council of Wales have begun removing the posters . They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
The 41-year-old allegedly posted a 'blasphemous' status on his Facebook page . He told police he received the image after watching a news item about the Iraq war . The Kuwaiti man failed to attend the court of First Instance on Monday . If found guilty he could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of £186,000 .
34-year-old Nicole Mihai has been told she must return to Romania . She separated from her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship . Her Visa had been cancelled and she had to apply for a temporary Visa and residency . However, the Family Court has ruled that her young son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his New Zealand father .
Sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year as Europe's largest retailer . Firm's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains . But shoppers in Poundland are being charged more per unit of certain products .
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish . The animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed . Fish that are native to the lake are now considered options - either electroshocking the fish or draining the lake .
Her Majesty's @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers online . More than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales and his @ClarenceHouse account . Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next . Duchess of York is the next most followed and narrowly beats Prince Andrew .
Abbey Clancy, 29, is 'honoured' to be part of this year's campaign . Holding Onto Heaven singer Foxes looks chic in cropped stripy top and jeans . Clancy says: 'Fashion is a huge part of my life, and if by taking part I can inspire women to take on breast cancer head on'
Ards Borough Council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to 'maintain morale' It is the first the council has hosted in recent years and will merge next week . Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party . A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff .
Feidin Santana, 23, visited Scott's South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's family - in a moving moment witnessed by NBC . Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead by a white police officer in North Charleston on Saturday after he kept his cellphone training on the officer - and later released the video . Santanna has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott . 'Thank you Lord! Blessed God! Thank you, thank you!' Santan
Tamoxifen is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause . When combined with two cups of coffee a day, it can be even more effective . Women who had drunk two cups had only half the risk of breast cancer returning . Those who drank less coffee had smaller tumours and lower tumours .
Apple's new watch goes on sale officially on April 24 online and through appointments in Paris, London and Tokyo . Early demand for the gadget is expected to exceed supply at product launch .
Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Canowindra, NSW . The funeral will take place next Wednesday, but everything else has yet to be confirmed . Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found last Friday . Her father Robert, mother Merrilyn and sister Robyn were among those gathered at a memorial service for her at Mountford Park .
Her Majesty joined by husband Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at reception in Trafalgar Square, London . During WW2, monarch posed for photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while Prince Philip sat for a portrait with the Royal Hamilton Light Infantry . Royal members individually lead as Colonel-in-Chief, a trio of Canadian regiments which are on European pilgrimage to mark the centenary of the 2nd Battle of Ypres .
20-month-old Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house and into the driveway . He did not see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her . This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah .
Area would consist of two complexes: one with 120 two-bedroom and three-bedroom homes for low-income families . The Star Wars director wants to build the largest affordable housing development in the area . But his representatives insist the project is not a form of retaliation .
Shaun Worthington's car veered into oncoming traffic on A614 near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, at 1.04pm, an inquest heard . The 29-year-old died instantly when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck . His mother said: 'If someone reads this and it makes them stop using their phone while driving, then at least that is something'
Nasa has finalised an ambitious mission to send a probe closer to the sun . Over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance . The spacecraft and instruments will be protected from the sun’s heat by a 4.5-inch-thick carbon-composite shield . During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit .
David Miscavige, the controversial leader of the Church of Scientology, allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the church . According to police records, the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to review his every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations . The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear .
40 miles north of San Antonio, stands a lonely, tin-sided building that hints at Texas' past . Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population . About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate .
Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside . But New Brighton RNLI crew were unable to save their pet . They managed to rescue Martha by pulling her into the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar .
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped facelift would deal with her jowls . But the 'horrendous' scars produced by the botched operation have left her feeling worse than ever before . She is appearing on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cheap cut-price surgery .
Listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off . They branded problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’ BBC says live sections of radio stations cause programmes to shift .
Elderflower Fields festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park . It's an exciting experience that opens children and their families’ minds to new opportunities in sport, music, arts, the environment and food . Danny and the Champions Of The World, Patch and The Giant, and Mr B The Gentleman Rhymer have confirmed for the festival .
Kuku Kube is a free game on Facebook, Android, iOS and desktop browsers . It is designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares on each board . The aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse . Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average .
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina . The 53-year-old female employee was leaving work earlier this month when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage . She was told she was going to die by the three men in ski masks unless she handed over the code for the jewelry store safe . Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee .
Mobile health apps are ‘fuelling anxiety’ and ‘eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’, says Dr Des Spence . Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app, which is automatically installed on latest Apple smartphones .
The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated . Miss Winkleman failed to receive a nomination for her first season on Strictly . She was absent for almost a month while daughter Matilda, eight, had a fire . Other hopefuls include Broadchurch star Olivia Colman, 41 .
The story tells the story of Alice Laselles, 12, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . The book was written in Victoria's 'Composition' notebook as part of her studies with her governess, Baroness Louise Lehzen . It has been kept in the Royal Archives at Windsor Castle .
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, describes herself as a 'feedee' who gorges on junk food . The plus-size entertainer says she won't do nude squashing . Her new career has led her to the world of 'squashing' where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person .
Britt Lapthorne, 21, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik . Police never solved the mystery of how her body came to be . Her parents believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea . It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
Belinda Bartholomew was buying a chicken for her and Aidan Guerra to have for dinner when she tried to change her selection . The man working at Sam The Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up . When she asked to leave the shop, the man at the time said his customer was the one being rude on a day . But the butcher who was working at the shop has hit back saying Ms Barthomomew is 'ly
Rachel Lehnardt 'threw her daughter a party, played naked Twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom' The mother-of-five 'went to bed alone and awoke to find the boyfriend's 10-inch penis was so large she could not have a sexual relationship with her daughter's boyfriend'
NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Thursday, April 16 . He had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital with cardiovascular disease earlier in the week . The successful surgery was performed by cardiac surgery chief Dr Richard Shemin .
Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper to prepare to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route . The 36-year-old personal trainer from Merseyside is hoping his audacious attempt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves . Tour involves many hill climbs which are gruelling even for professionals using proper road bikes .
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart . Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop . The father-of-four was pronounced dead at the scene .
Once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared . Children used to be told to whistle while they work by Disney animation Snow White . The rise of mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now . A YouGov poll revealed 70 percent were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago .
Blunder at pensions office in Essen, Germany, saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661 . The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product . £3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over .
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue . He dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages in the video . The video has been viewed more than five million times on Facebook, YouTube and Instagram .
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster . The 26-year-old will perform as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier . Posters are created by world famous artists and convey the event's message .
Almost half of participants blame excitement when they shop with friends . Two-thirds of Americans would prefer to shop by themselves than with pals . But website YouNeedaBudget.com says there's no need to hit mall alone .
Apprentice judge was relegated to coat duty, helping David Cameron with his jacket . She was speaking at National Grid training centre in Newark, Nottinghamshire . Ministers will welcome fresh commitments from companies including Morrisons .
Catherine Grove, 28, left her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, in July 2013, but returned six days later . She has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder . The Church of Wells is a small evangelical commune of about 70 'born of discontent with mainstream Christianity' Grove, a nursing student, said she was 'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will . Over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking - but they have strongly denied any wrongd
Neil Tuckett, 58, is selling one every week to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey . He says his customers love the Model T because they don't need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car . But with a top speed of 45mph, drivers cannot get anywhere very fast and some of his pre-1915 models have gas headlights still lit by a match .
Interactive map shows the trail of destruction being caused by California's state highways . Ring of death refers to an area made up of I-80 (used as 9) and Route 101 (labelled as 13 and 8) The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they
Dr Ros Altmann is a former Treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group Saga . She will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . Also in charge of financial education and Government policy .
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after gunning down her third husband in their Placerville, California home in 2013 . Decades before, in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten . In both killings, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it . Her initial trial testimony was that Bob Harris may have committed suicide, and later she claimed that the shooting was an accident .
Tracey Taylor, 34, attacked ex-fiance's Porsche and new girlfriend's BMW . Court heard how she had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown . Had been left without a home whilst waiting for housing association property . Jilted florist broke in through the front door and hurled roses across room .
The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen claims Bergdahl deserted his post in 2009 . The men claim that Mullen was certain that the soldier had fled the army and was guilty of desertion . This development comes one week after officials scheduled a July hearing for the sergeant who left his post and was held by the Taliban for five years . Vierkant claims he and two other collegagues, Evan Buetow and Cody Full, were providing security for Mullen while he was on a trip to Afghanistan in December 2009 
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife . He reported at the time she choked on a piece of chicken, something supported by an initial autopsy . After the verdict was, read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . It is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway .
Jodi Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison with no change of parole on Monday . She shot and stabbed her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander nearly 30 times in his home in 2008 .
Tiffany Gay was overcome with emotion this week when her biggest crush Luis Velasquez asked her to be his date to the prom . Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .
Cheryl Prudham, 33, is planning to renew her wedding vows with husband Robert, 30 during 'no expense spared' jaunt . Couple, who have only just got back together after a short split, visited local Thomson travel agents in Kent this week . The couple will stay at Circus Circus hotel and intend to renew their vows at the Chapel of Love .
Huge fight broke out at debut of Fat Tuesdays bar at Resort World Casino . Bystanders took cell phone footage of the brawl, which injured four guards . Eyewitness said: 'It was chairs flying everywhere — it was chaotic'
Chinese state media has reported that the government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' The step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as within its sphere of influence . The new plans underline China's increasing influence in Nepal, after years of improving the infrastructure of the nation .
One house was swept away as it was carried along a street in Dungog, NSW . Footage shows the half-submerged property floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking it down with it . Another recording of a house sweptaway in Toronto, west of Newcastle, was taken by Tianna Brien . Three people have already died during the Central Hunter region's storms .
Chilcot inquiry began in 2009, but will not report until 2016, source says . It was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election . But it has now been suggested the findings will not be published until 2016 . Tony Blair is expected to be under intense scrutiny for sanctioning invasion .
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol . The drug can weaken feelings of happiness and sadness . It has been used more than 70 years, but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .
When Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown, it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed . Their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail . Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers, according to Henry's family . According to her family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage . On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting
The nine-year-old boy was beaten with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother . He was taken to Nanjing, China, where his mother was arrested on suspicion of child abuse . The woman, 50, told the boy's school she was 'strict' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits .
Swedish company IKEA launches new virtual wedding service, Wedding Online . Couples can set a virtual date and invite the contacts they want as guests . They can also choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style . The company also hosts legally-binding weddings .
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named Mia, the second of three sisters . The couple decided to let their son assume the identity of a boy . Jacob would change his clothes up to 12 times a day to find things comfortable in .
Couple took 14-year-old out of school without permission for five-day holiday . They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure child regularly attend school . After family appealed against fine, bailiffs visited demanding £1,230 on March 6 .
Michael Keith Spell, 25, pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular maths teacher as she was jogging in 2012 . Her body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in North Dakota . Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability . Defense claimed Spell displays 'intelligence of an 11-year-old' Spell and Waters traveled to Sidney, Montana, using
Huge lump was 40 metres long and made up of congealed fat and wet wipes . It was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break . Utility firms, including Thames Water, discovered the fatberg in the sewer . So far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent of about five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each .
Lloyd Dennis charged with 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child . 32-year-old from Eastleigh is a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology . Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Bishop’s Waltham Junior School and Cadland Primary in the New Forest . All of the schools have been informed of his arrest and are helping police with inquiries .
Laurene Jobs, 51, is the widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs . She called Hillary Clinton a 'revolutionary' woman and said that she has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service . Mrs Clinton has announced her intention to run for president on Sunday .
Sexual predator Henri Morris, 67, was told he would serve 10 years behind bars . He drugged a female employee in order to take naked pictures of her on a business trip . The married software executive was caught in an FBI sting after his victims approached him in 2012 .
Brian Nicol, 32, jumped into a swimming pool at a villa in Costa del Sol . His friends dragged him out of the water but he failed to resurface . Police will try to establish whether he suffered blow to head or digestion problems .
New book, Artists And Their Cats, allows intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists . Images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes or relaxing with their pets . Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi curated over 50 intimate portraits .
Abdul Hadi Arwani, an opponent of Syrian President Bahsar Al-Assad, was shot dead in his car on a quiet street in North West London last Tuesday . The 48-year-old was apparently called to work in the area to provide a quote for building work . When the imam arrived with his son and not on his own, the man asked to return another day . Man was identified as black and speaking with an African accent . Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit .
The 24-year-old cleaner has swept the halls of Leeton High School since October . He moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother . His wife Gail Scanlan described him as a 'big strong fellow with dark, black eyes' His identical twin brother, who moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 - settled in South Australia .
Ian Joll was 'missing believed killed' after he crash-landed his plane in 1940 . Squadron Leader Joll had been involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft . He was forced to crash land his Bristol Blenheim light bomber, but survived . His mother answered the front door and told her she must have seen a ghost . Sq Ldr Joll and his gunner persuaded a ship to take them home to Gravesend . Their journey took place 16 days before the evacuation of 300,000 Allied troops
David Cameron and the Tories will only get 31.8 per cent of the vote . Liberal Democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent . More people trust the Conservatives to deal with the 'cost of living' Tories pledged extra £8billion to the NHS as part of their election campaign .
Nurhayada Sofia, 6, disappeared through a gap at a shopping centre . She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries . Father Musa said: 'We were still arguing when I heard a commotion' An investigation has been launched by police and the fire service .
Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird used their friend Michael Spalding for slave labour . The 34-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before they were thrown . Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today . Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years .
Kim Scott, 26, posted the poem on Saturday, a day after the body of a woman was discovered in Cocoparra National Park on Friday . Poem was intended for her younger sister and her intended brother-in-law, 'On this Your Special Day...' The poem was addressed to 'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you' Ms Scott was due to marry long-time partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday .
Liberal Democrats leader reveals joint interview with wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez . Couple were given option of moving family into grace-and-favour mansion . But move was vetoed by his wife after controversies over kitchen and kitchen . Pair remain with three sons Antonio, Alberto, and Miguel, in family home .
Ed Miliband's plan to scrap 'non dom' status has won him over . Duncan Bannatyne said he would back Labour at the next election . He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK' Comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing Tories' economic record .
Three students and a doctor fell from living rooms of three-storey building . Digger struck a load-bearing column and left one of city's main arterial roads closed . Brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain lived above the development for 12 months . Judge: 'If a member of the public would have said "How on earth was no-one killed in that?" There was potential for a complete disaster. It was caused by your arrogance and greed'
Relatives of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are refusing to accept that he was wrongfully convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S. The bomber's uncle told Time that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded . The family could offer no evidence to back up their allegations .
Paper says GCSEs ‘will not give us a reliable measure’ due to reform . At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels to decide which applicants are invited to interview .
Fleas in Flagstaff, Arizona, have tested positive for the plague . Prairie dogs are particularly susceptible to illness because they live in social burrows . The plague famously killed millions of Europeans during the Black Death . It causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year .
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday - the same day his wife is expected to give birth . Despite the clash, the Duke of Cambridge plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25 .
The California Highway Patrol became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday . The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to the official CHP Southern Division Twitter . Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph, CHP officer Juan Galvan said .
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province has been identified only as Nuaman . Had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene . Two Muslim youths approached him as they left Friday prayers at their mosque . As he fled the group poured Kerosane on him and set him on fire . Nuamen, who lives with his uncle, said he would be able to identify assailants again .
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes are the stars of the brand's new Dream Angels range . The range comes in blush pink tones and classic, crisp whites . A fresh white bra will be your go-to piece for everyday wear, plus it'll compliment that summer tan!
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31 . He was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel . People were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience .
Police have traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area . They have released a CCTV image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother . Staff at the arcade earlier spoke of the moment the baby was whisked from the toilet bowl when a father's paternal instincts kicked in .
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, is a professional 'humiliatrix' Says she has had three serious relationships over the course of her career . Has been demeaning, shaming and generally humiliating customers .
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45 . He wanted to fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home . Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . Graham was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing her for her money . But he now has no available assets and so must pay back just back £1 .
Duffel bag found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on Saturday . Taken into custody but not charged with homicide, authorities said . They are 'under arrest for accessory after crime of assault and battery' Meanwhile, more human remains have been found in complex on 6th Street . One remains is believed to belong to one person, who has not been identified . Victim's death is being treated as a 'homicide', according to district attorney .
Former police inspector Neville Hackett revealed his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago . Stilnox led the swimmer to immediately hop on a plane to his parent's home in the Gold Coast . The revelation comes just days after the former swimming champion's unexpected comeback on Sunday .
Mohammed Morsi, 63, acquitted of charges that would have seen him face death penalty . Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail . Court cleared defendants on charges of inciting murder over deaths of a journalist and two protesters during December 5, 2012 clashes . Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in government crackdown .
Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home, according to the study . They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married . Despite some struggling with 'impulsive' and 'destructive' behavior, this was not picked up on background checks .
WanderBat ranked Qatar Airways as the world's most reliable airline . Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern, the top three airlines ranked . America fared even worse, with one airline making it into 17th place .
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene that can pass on life-limiting condition . Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 . The condition can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years . Four families are now suing Nordic Cryobank over the sperm trade .
Kevin Gill found the eight-inch alligator outside his Naples, Florida, home . He thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators . When deputies came across the baby gator, Gill said it was illegal . Gill faces felony charges for bring home the gator to nurse it back to health . The case is being handled by Florida's Fish and Wildlife Commission .
The Azamara Quest cruise is part of the Royal Caribbean group . It has two ships in its fleet, Journey and Quest, which each carry about 680 passengers . Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco imbued the journey with a luxury feel .
Jon Stewart will host his final The Daily Show on August 6 . Said he was becoming depressed by American politics and cable news . Will be replaced by Trevor Noah, who became the center of a debate over his questionable jokes on social media .
Castro passed away while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said . He was the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college . During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina . Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro .
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, is a prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at a highly competitive Bergen County Academies in New Jersey . He was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . The married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with the 16-year-old student and sent her lewd emails, which were later discovered by her sister .
Man, 34, barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls . He then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim lying on the floor . The man was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . Merseyside Police said he came forward and was interviewed under caution .
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and son Phoenix, were travelling to Disney World . They discovered their vomit on a United Airlines flight when they complained . Cabin crew refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off . Mr Shirley said: 'My wife immediately had a look of panic on her face'
Dummy wearing balaclava spotted on boat sailing through Reading . Passer-by reported 4ft long guided missile in rocket launcher . Boat owner condemned prank, saying: 'What stupid thing to put on top of a boat'
Robert Hugel, a New York Police Department officer, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. Friday at the home in Bellerose, Floral Park, Queens . Jerry Hugel and his wife Marianne Hugel died along with 70-year-old neighbor Gloria Greco, and friend Walter Vondthadden, 76, in an apparent carbon monoxide poisoning, possibly caused by a car left running in a garage .
Jade Walters loaned her horse Magic to help a girl learn to ride . The 21-year-old's previous pet was sold at auction for just £200 . Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community . An appeal has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .
The Dewey Decimal System sorts books into the following 10 major categories and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . Guests on the fifth floor of the Library Hotel can stay in rooms devoted to maths and science, with themes of dinosaurs, botany, zoology, geology and mathematics . The hotel also boasts a rooftop bar, restaurant, reading room and rooftop bar .
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’ Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into lederhosen and knee-high socks in one photo . A tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed German house after the war .
Basketball player Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after becoming dizzy following a game with her high school team in Indiana . The tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision . She played four games, raising $1.5million for pediatric cancer and died four months later this month .
Chinese girls took part in the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest . The catwalk was 2,000 metres high on a mountainside in Luoyang, central China . Judges at the contest said they wanted to make the girls 'more courageous'
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna, believes that parents should take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, four months, with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her daughters . 'Having kids feels like that first seventh-grade crush that overwhelms every molecule in your body, but it’s permanent,' she said .
Madonna has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine on Thursday while taking over The Tonight Show . The 56-year-old describes herself as a 'closet comedian' The singer has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career, including open a chain of gyms .
Kibulu, a nine-month-old African lion, was rejected by his mother at the NSW Zoo when he was three weeks old . His mother decided it wasn't safe for him to stay so they called Donna from the retreat, which is not yet open to the public . The retreat is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots and domestic animals from all over Australia . 'He just wouldn't get out of bed, he’s a total sook,’ said director Donna Wilson .
Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue threat to blow up Norwich school . Girl, 16, was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates . She remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks until checks revealed Gregory was responsible . Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly's email account . Gregory, a married mother-of-two, admitted communicating false information . Magistrate described case as 'worse than you might imagine'
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was eating in the council chamber when a Labour rival spotted him and alerted other councillors . He was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor, Lazzaro Pietragnoli, interrupted the proceedings to tell him off .
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared . The leviathan swam in and out of the camera lights at times spinning and looking directly into the camera . Sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act .
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause . The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention . Last year, the United Nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war . Craig said he will 'do my very best' to work next to people who are risking their lives every day .
For real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall . The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' Experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries .
Pet discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California . It is believed the pet, named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned . Kristy Keusch from Umbrella of Hope is now caring for the dog .
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech . Eight-month-old puppy Silver was banned from getting close to the PM today . But Tory aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be well away .
William D. Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012 . He was placed on injured reserve and left football in March 2013 . Daub, 54, is a financial professional who also lives in Florida . SEC said the pair misled investors about the terms and even of some of the loans, telling them they could receive interest on the loans of up to 18 percent from athletes .
The International Federation of the Phonographic . Industry said revenues were down 0.4 percent in 2014 from the previous year . Piracy and free Internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form . The trade association said it was pushing for legal changes to be made in Europe, and eventually elsewhere, so that YouTube, dailymotion.com and others could no longer contend they are bogus consumers .
The 45-year-old has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed life . It follows him as he drives along the M6 and country roads to Buttermere in Cumbria . There are also scenes of him feeding cows before having a pint with farmers .
Researchers have completed the first comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the Amazon . There are about 26,000 Yanomami living in Brazil and 15,000 in Venezuela, mostly in federally protected reserves near rivers and in remote mountains . The group harbors the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group .
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' Police were pictured leading him from his home in Madrid, Spain . He has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger Adriana Giogiosa, 55 .
Unison has called for more research into how long hours affect staff health . Staff at a hospital in Staffordshire expected to work up to 78 hours a week . Jane Smith said staff are 'so tired' and have a 'detrimental effect on patient care' Royal College of Nursing said there has been a rise in the number of nurses .
Hiroshi Ueda came up with the idea after struggling to take pictures of himself and his wife . The 'extender stick' was designed for use with new compact cameras . It is available on website Accessory Geeks for just $23 (£16)
The TOWIE star has designed a range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season . Says her designs are for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women .
Local municipality of Lastres erected warning signs on the pilgrimage route . Graphic signs show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle . The route, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year .
If confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity . Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe . In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation .
Labour leader uses speech in Edinburgh to claim Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic' In Scotland, 49 per cent plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25 per cent backing Labour . SNP has seen a surge in support since independence referendum in September . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
Farmer caught on camera urinating on a field in Benington, Lincolnshire . Despite a toilet being less than 18 metres away, he decided to urinate in field . He was sacked by food supplier TH Clements & Son with immediate effect .
Glenn Mason, 56, stole the money for almost a year before his arrest . He was jailed for 15 months in November last year after pleading guilty . The bank has already refunded the customers targeted by Mason, and will receive the money as compensation .
Lib Dem leader says wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind . Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has driven up property values . Local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax . Money generated could support schools, post officers and other services .
A local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer on a street . His antics were captured on CCTV installed by residents in Oldham, Manchester . Council workers arrived in same alleyway days later searched the contents of the bags . They warned residents they could face £50,000 fines for not having disposed of rubbish .
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons . The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 . Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was first person to sign the letter . Doctors accused him of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof they work .
Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah married today . Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and his 22-year-old bride both wore outfits embellished with diamonds . Meanwhile, Prince William's wedding to Kate Middleton in April 2011 cost £24m . The wedding and reception cost £550,000 ($800,000) and the cake cost £55,000 ($80,000)
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . The report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the District of Columbia, representing about 83 percent of the nation's births that year . Of course, miscarriages, illnesses or other factors can affect a couple's plans .
Labour rising star Ed Miliband was chief economics adviser to Gordon Brown . He had been back in Britain for two months after brief spell as a lecturer . A young environmental lawyer, he had been invited by Stephanie Flanders . She found out he was 'secretly going out with' the woman who had invited her for dinner . Pair have now had two children, married and are less than a month away from moving house to No 10 Downing Street .
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine, was found liable for sexual harassment . His dispatcher, Geralyn Ganci, was allegedly harassed by the 32-year-old . He allegedly told her he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me', according to court papers . Ganci said that she had attended the wedding of her husband and his wife . A judge has settled the final amount owed by the two companies .
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth . They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space . It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere . Then a beam fired from the machine would last just 0.1 microseconds . Startup would be three times stronger than anything like it before .
Washington, DC-based United Space Structures wants to create a new space station . Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS . It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build . The force would be the same as the gravity experienced on Earth . Meanwhile on ISS, the station is in constant freefall towards Earth as it orbits the planet - so the astronauts live in ‘zero-gravity’
Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset . He was given a tour of the Numatic Factory where the machines are built . Onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities between the two .
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar . Harley Hicks, 19, broke into the Bendigo home at random, whilst the baby slept in his cot in June 2012 . 'It tortures because it's something that's always like – Why my house? Why our house?' a heartbroken Ms Veal told 60 Minutes .
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life . Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack addicts visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug . Some once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions .
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey were charged last summer with sexually exploiting two Amish girls and other children . The girls, then aged seven and 12, were shackled to a bed and sexually abused before being released 24 hours later . St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the victims would not have to testify, including others who are not publicly known .
Sheila Secker, 78, was unable to call for help because company disconnected her pay-as-you-go phone for any chargeable services . She had owned the phone for 14 years and recently topped up the credit . Mrs Secker moved into a new home, near York, and had yet to have a landline installed so she relied on her mobile . Vodafone retired her number after a 'glitch' in system had allowed her to 'top up' her credit, and she died in hospital on New Year's Day .
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel was captured by a German soldier in Libya in 1941 . The German field marshal shared a good wine and smoked 'excellent cigars' He asked the British officer if he could keep goggles and the pair agreed . Rommel committed suicide in October 1944 after taking part in a failed plot to kill Hitler .
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 . He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her . But granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative . Dates from 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager while his family encourage him .
Darrell Issa asked State Department in December 2012 about email policy . Clinton was ignored for more than a month and did not answer question . Comes days after emails revealed she used personal address while Secretary of State .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for full tax powers 'as soon as possible' But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6bn 'black hole' in Scotland's finances . Sturgeon was booed for refusing to rule out snap independence referendum . Scottish oil revenues collapsed following catastrophic collapse in North Sea oil revenues .
The 'special relationship' was strong under Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan . The memo was drawn up to brief the Senate and House of Representatives . It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament .
Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools . Suit details allegations of forced breeding, incestuous inbreeding and whales kept together in ways that make them hyper-aggressive . Claims to have witnessed whales 'banging their heads against their tanks and grinding their teeth on the walls, floors and bars until their teeth break or are worn to the pulp' SeaWorld has been accused of 'misleading the public' by claiming whales are happy .
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said the former football star knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen . Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, the sister of Hernandez's fiancee . He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison .
Nicola Sturgeon asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate leaked memo . Memo said she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 . SNP leader said she didn't think Ed Miliband was 'prime minister material' Ms Sturgeon said Westminster establishment were afraid of SNP's rise . She described the account of private meeting as '100 per cent untrue'
Georgina Chapman, 39, shared image to Instagram with the caption: 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday' Comes four days after he was accused of groping Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, in his Manhattan office last month . Manhattan District Attorney's office announced last Friday that it decided not to prosecute Weinstein . Billionaire producer had been trying to land a part in one of Weinstein's films but insisted he had never touched her breasts .
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible' On Monday, police say she 'wheeled him into park near Philadelphia and left him there' She then went to visit her boyfriend in Maryland and will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital . Parler was admitted to Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition'
DJ Paul Gambaccini was also caught up in the scandal after a year of suspicion . But the Crown Prosecution Service dropped the charges last year . The 72-year-old has called for lessons to be learned from Operation Yewtree .
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles says she regrets making her mother Connie Phillips undergo more painful chemotherapy against her will when her cancer progressed . 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' said Phillips . Phillips died a slow and painful death but she was unable to spend the final moments with her family because her two sons were on other sides of the country at the time .
Bosses at Queen's Hospital, Burton, admitted they didn't tell relatives . Spokesman claims the use of a refrigerated lorry is normal practice across the country . Bodies transferred to the mortuary for viewings then returned to the truck . Hospital said there were an unprecedented number of deaths over Easter weekend .
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, says she has a 'special smell connection' and sniffs him 'all the time' for son Alex, 5, over her older brother William, 7 . Ms Cox said she has been attacked and been called 'a freak' but that she is a normal loving Mum . She says she doesn't want anyone else to touch her son Alex because it interferes with his unique and special smell . The mother of two says she is more easygoing and loves both boys equally .
Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz, 36, was on his way to his local takeaway . He heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on . Fire was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of ground . Further bursts of flame and thick black plumes of smoke were to follow . Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident in Shirley, Solihull .
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King flee abroad with Ashya before he had treatment . Dr Peter Wilson, of Southampton General Hospital, said chemo was essential . He said: 'Every month that goes by that he’s not getting chemotherapy, his outcome worsens' He went to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour .
Kim Jong-Un, 32, allegedly climbed Mount Paektu in just an overcoat and leather shoes . The dictator allegedly told troops at its peak that the climb was like 'nuclear weapons' Pictures released by state media show the dictator smiling at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base .
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . Cases that didn't involve malicious intent included private health information being inadvertently mailed to the wrong patient . Hackings are particularly dangerous because they can involve a high number of records, said Dr. Vincent Liu .
Three years ago George Osborne felt besieged and intimidated by the Treasury . In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him . Worse, it happened in front of his two children at the Paralympic Games . He has gone from being booed in front to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around .
John and Karen Copleston claim neighbour Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute . They claim they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset . Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on his land . He took the matter to council planners and was given a three-year restraining order .
The Falcon 9 booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . Landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky . SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
Leslie Cooper, 36, will appear at Old Bailey later this week charged with murder . Syrian imam Abdul Hadi Arwani was shot dead in Greenhill, London, in April . Imam ran a building company as well as preaching at various mosques .
Harley Jo Skorpenske, who suffers from lupus, discovered the note after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio . Corrina Skorpenke, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, wrote: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been' In response to the note, Harley's mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the writer . She also defended her daughter, a student at Ohio State University, and Harley Jo's condition .
Leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of The Voice UK, has been dropped by her record label after failing to make her mark on the music industry . She sang for holiday campers at Potters Leisure Resort in Hopton-On-Sea, Norfolk . Leanne's debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You, only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released .
Catholics in America have denounced Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past' The six-part series was 'a work of fiction adopting a narrow, revisionist point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period' The Catholic News Service said the show encourages the audience to 'root for the self-made commoner Thomas Cromwell' The show's depiction of Sir Thomas More, a Catholic martyr, is 'not a pretty sight'
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon . Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter calling the Muslim couple 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded standing up for the couple . The Muslim couple have been described as 'hardworking, honest and kind' by members of the local Islamic community in Brisbane . Police sources said a formal investigation is 'definitely under way'
Security guard who shot dead a masked gunman says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago . Wayne Heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland . Seconds after he fired the shots that he realised the man he had just killed was ex-colleague Shameem Rahman .
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a skylight . Staffordshire County Council failed to do more to secure the premises . Police officer who investigated break-in wrote email of support to council . He ordered the family to pay council £150,000 in costs by May 4, a figure which could climb as high as £260,000 after further assessment . Mr Buckett, who was 16 at the time, had to undergo invasive surgery .
Researchers in the U.S. found high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints, wearing away cartilage - the body's built-in shock absorber - and increasing the risk of osteoarthritis .
Jessica Kemp says school threatened to suspend kindergartner Logan, 5, because of the oils he uses to help him keep calm and focused . The 32-year-old says the oils have created a 'problem' for staff and students . Logan has been using the products all year, but was distracted by them when a teacher's aide complained . Lake County school district told the station they would not suspend Logan .
Prisoner who rode to jail with Freddie Gray claims he heard Gray 'banging against walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' Claims he could not see what Gray was doing since they were separated by metal partition . Officials in Baltimore have warned that the investigation into Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow .
New Horizons has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon . The image was taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km) The spacecraft is just three months away from its historic visit to Pluto . It will be the last world in the ‘classical solar system’ to be explored .
Andrew Sadek, 20, was found dead in a river with a bullet in the head . His mother believes that he signed his death warrant to be a confidential informant . He was working as an informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus . Police haven't concluded whether he ever was slain or killed himself .
Study by greetings card firm Forever Friends found that a third of adults met their closest friends while at school . Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men at the friendship high point at 27 years and three months .
Russian President's face has changed dramatically over the years - amid persistent rumours he has undergone plastic surgery to give himself a more youthful look . In both photographs the skin of his face is more saggy, with dark circles under his eyes also visible . The president, 62, has been accused of war-mongering for years and insists no troops are positioned in Ukraine .
Emergency services called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour . The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers . But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards . He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure .
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Post's Tehran bureau chief . He has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces 'security charges' Unspecified by the government, he is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' The agency is considered to be close to ultra conservative Iran hard-liners .
Property in Smugglers Cove, near Portreath, has a summer and winter cottage, cleverly linked via a lift . Boasting seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, the property has direct access to the beach . The summer cottage has four bedrooms and an uninterrupted coast and open sea, and can be used separately . Interest in the BBC series, based on Winston Graham’s historical novels, is giving the local tourism and housing market a boost .
A French actress starring in a Garnier TV film is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day . The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses . She is seen drying her hair first thing, dropping her two young children off at school, food shopping and more as a camera follows her every move . Both images are judged independently by people on the street - who guess vastly different ages .
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . But so desperate are they to get their son Craig into a local prep school . They've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees . Also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half and have pinned hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative .
The Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush . It started a stampede along the treacherous mountain track through snowdrifts, blizzards and avalanches . All that is left of Bennett today is its split-log chapel and station, still used by the White Pass Railway .
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years . The party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas . Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday . Turkey told Vatican ambassador it was 'deeply sorry and disappointed' in Pope Francis . He said his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
Wily coyote gave NYPD the runaround for more than an hour on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of a church in Manhattan . The male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea . After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene and shot the animal with a dart laced with Ketaset . Emergency Services Unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal as the coy
Neanderthals used wild herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour meat . Scientists found traces of compounds in hardened plaque in Spain . They say they may also have cooked stews in the skins of animals . Wild chimps in Uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught .
Woman boarded bus in Queens, New York, this weekend . Was 'shocked' the driver's behavior continued for the entire ten minutes . Papers in his hand were likely timetables to stop him at all correct junctures . Could face termination or retraining depending on his work history .
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said . The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her 2-year old girl and an 8-year old boy . Police were investigating the deaths after the woman's sister called police .
The 37-year-old fashion veteran took a sweet snapshot of herself playing with her two-year old son Quinnlyn Clancy on the beach on February 9 .
Officials say the eight-page handout, which included references to terrorism and beheadings, wasn't approved by administrators . Officials haven't released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces . handout also mentioned Sharia Law, jihad, and had a section entitled 'If taken hostage by radical Islamists, what to do'
Odds on the new royal baby being a girl tumble after Scotland punter placed £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes . The 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th . Alice the current front runner for a princess, followed by Victoria . Police are warning of a 'special event' at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington .
A memorial will be held next Wednesday at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra . The parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . Reverend Jonno Williams, the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church, confirmed the venue to the ABC . He is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone, especially for the young people in town who knew her well .
Edward Fride, pastor at Christ the King in Michigan, has told parishioners to carry concealed pistols . In a pro-gun letter, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a 'reduce in the availability of an armed police response' His letter was called 'We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto' in reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town .
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie caught with drugs during raid in London . Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog help . 29-year-old today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs . Drugs cache included 14.1g of cocaine of up to 40 per cent purity and 841mg .
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus has put up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week . The signs include in front of the Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and Cecconi's on Melrose . He has been compared to street artist Banksy for his graffiti in L.A .
Aidan Turner, 31, set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow hay field with scythe, an ancient cutting tool used prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery . Scyther Chris Riley, 56, says his own physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop . He says his macho grunts and terrible technique as he hacked at the hay tarnished the view of the usually 'sedate' action .
Virgin Australia domestic flights will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . The airline hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation . Food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day .
Sol Campbell is part of a campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote . Ex-England star Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics . Operation Black Vote also launched a 2015 general election manifesto .
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram . It trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second on the list with 261,911 photos . Other destinations include the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Uluru, Ayers Rock in the Northern Territory and Big Banana in Coffs Harbour . Love Home Swap released a survey of the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia based on hashtag usage .
Neil Fox, 53, is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years . One alleged victim says she was sexually assaulted against her at Magic FM’s studios in Leicester Square . Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him . Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent between 1991 and 2014 .
Eric Jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a U.S. military base in 2009 . The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post on Friday . But words of gratitude from military leaders and elected officials gave way to medal recipients pressing and chastising the Pentagon over combat benefits .
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – after years of work with Thai growers . The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture . Meyer lemon is a naturally occurring cross between a lemon and mandarin .
Almost three quarters of all meals served in French bistros, brasseries and cafes are microwaved, according to Unesco . Agreed to compare the country's culinary equivalent to a low-cost airline . The list was dominated by Spain, the UK, USA, Brazil, with Denmark as number one .
Ben Parson, 34, paused in middle of Brighton marathon to propose to girlfriend . Anna Jefferson, 36, was stood in crowds with children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months . She feared boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on seafront . Ben then got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes .
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK . Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon . Five flood alerts prompted to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol, Cumbria, and Bristol . Ladbrokes cut its odds on this spring being warmest on record to 4/6, while it is offering 5/1 that the mercury will hit 100F (37.8
Nikko Jenkins recently tried to carve '666' into his forehead in Omaha, Nebraska . But the numbers came out backwards in a series of upside-down 9s . It comes amid Jenkins's ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable .
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer and doctors urged him to check into hospice care . Instead, he has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he's left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house . Now he is getting a little help too from Uber after they heard about his story . They are also donating $5,000 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters UberPart
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, picked a target on the platform . He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could . Unable to leave the train, he sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh . His behaviour was so obvious that it had attracted the attention of undercover police . Tahir was convicted of sexual assault after a two-day trial at the Old Bailey . Judge said experience was clearly very 'frightening and
The state-of-the-art robotic head, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions . The head is made using malleable material called Frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . Using specialised software the robot can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expression in a natural way .
Gilberto Valle, then a New York police officer, sat at his computer before his 2012 arrest and claims that he was plotting to kidnap, torture, and eat women online . The film, which premiered on Thursday at Tribeca Film Festival, will also be shown on HBO in May . Valle insists throughout the film he never intended to actually hurt anyone .
Four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to basement garage . One neighbour has described it as looking like a 'down-market mortuary' The purchase comes after Ms Forbes made a handsome profit on sale of her previous flat in Chelsea .
Karen Gaynor was accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree . Her neighbour made a complaint as part of a long-running boundary dispute . But magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty . Prosecution said her pruning of the tree had 'went way beyond the lawful excuse'
Craig Roberts, 36, walked into his local Post Office in Chadderton, Manchester . An employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served . Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog . But the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside . He said: 'In this day and age there should be more awareness than that'
British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively . Vandals poured paint over statue of Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape . In the latest demonstration, vandals smeared paint the figure of Mohandas Gandhi .
Millie Marotta, 36, from Tenby, West Wales, is colouring in Animal Kingdom . The book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds . It has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 languages . 'My illustrations are a real labour of love,' said the former teacher .
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week . Her son, a businessman, was unable to reach her by phone after dinner party . 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with her murder . He told police where to find body parts in two different areas of southern region .
In the United States, women are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . A pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is using the gender-biased pricing to determine its female customers' wage . Less Than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes . Owner Elana Schlenker is concerned that women are undervalued in the workplace and underrepresented in executive positions .
A biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow . Numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story . There have also been reports of worm rainfall in southern Norway .
Jonathan W. Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home . Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan . Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading .
Pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same-day appointments with GP . David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges £8billion . This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years .
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore . The 25-year-old was arrested by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept 'secret' until today . Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how the incident happened . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the van'
rectangular island, Por-Bajin, was found in the centre of a lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia . Some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them . The plot thickens as the site, along with the construction materials use, hint at Chinese architectural tradition .
Robert Fidler built the mock-Tudor castle in Salfords, Surrey, from 2002 . The 66-year-old used dozens of hay bales, blue tarpaulin and tyres to hide the house . But the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing retrospective permission . Eric Pickles has finally ruled the home must be pulled down within 90 days .
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope on Friday morning in New York City . This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5 . Dr. Brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt .
Heartwarming scenes captured by photographer Denis Budkov on trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia . The bear family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve thanks to its huge population of animals .
Sandra Bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked as she guided police into her house, according to a 911 call played in court Thursday . Joshua Corbett is charged with stalking and breaking into Bullock's home last summer . Corbett told a detective he wanted to have sex with her and noted security measures at her home . He was caught on camera clutching a black notebook with pictures of Bullock and magazine photos the day before his arrest .
ITV News poll reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next UK government . 59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country . Miliband and Msurgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with SNP MPs . But they have left open the possibility of the SNP supporting a Labour government on a vote-by-vote basis .
Mohammed Dahbi ordered couple to pay them $10,000 in fines in 2011 . Taxi driver also called couple 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay fare . But Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay the fine . Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay $5,000 civil penalty .
Notable TV shows such as True Blood and Twilight are encouraging the surge . Italy's expert Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at an exorcism course in Rome . He said those in attendance were encouraged to drink other people's blood . These incidents are considered a form of demonic possession .
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at MBFWA . His punk-look collection featured oriental influenced prints, kimono jackets, waist ties, loose pants and eyebrow raising . This year also marks a record for Hang who has over 30 international stockists .
Ryan Giggs phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two are reconciling in a bid to rebuild their relationship . Imogen Thomas's six-month affair ended in 2011 after the footballer's wife admitted an eight-year affair with the former winger .
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island . The married father-of-two has lost one leg, but is expected to live . Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop bleeding .
SNP leader set out 'triple lock' that exists on independence referendum . She refused to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union . Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want' In September's referendum, 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK .
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered . The notes were found in Haji Bakr's former home in Tal Rifaat, north of Aleppo in Syria, after his death . They outline the plan to establish the caliphate, known as the 'Stasi-like' of villages .
Patrick O'Melia, 39, was on patrol in DeLand, Florida, when he found Justin Braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car . He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually resuscitated him . The 34-year-old had injected a large amount of the drug that day and was taken to hospital but fled .
The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent . With the election going down to the wire, bookies have seen a flood of cash . One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on the Tories . The betting market echoes polls which revealed people expect Mr Cameron to remain PM .
The Gemini 4 mission of June 1965 ultimately proved successful, and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . A complete 13-page checklist, including a bloodstained document seen at the front, is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000) The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch door of the spacecraft . Gemini 3 lifted off Launch Pad 19 at Cape Canaveral in Florida on March 23, 1965 .
Chelsea Manning, 27, is a former Army private who enlisted as Bradley . Changed name to Chelsea in February after being approved for hormone treatment . In July she announced plans to turn into a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . Now she has given her name officially changed to Chelsea and received approval to undergo gender reassignment while in prison . She said not being able to grow her hair is 'painful and awkward'
Andrei Lunev reportedly stepped on a landmine trip wire in Shyrokyne . He suffered severe head and lower extremities wounds after the incident . The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight . Fighting has claimed more than 6,000 lives and left large parts of Ukraine's once industrial heartland in ruins .
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to over 40,000 monks and nuns . The red and brown settlement is the world's largest Buddhist settlement . There are one to three rooms per hut and there is no heating or toilets installed . Locals battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling .
The EPA found that methyl bromide was used at other Sirenusa condos in the past year . Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John . The family was airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, are in critical condition .
The 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and space for 12 lucky guests . Luxury yacht designer Tony Castro Design designed it to withstand weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe . The yacht costs approximately 40million euros (£29million/$43million) to build .
Two women knocked out in fight at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside . Women threw chairs at one and other during fracas involving up to 20 holidaymakers . Incident said to have started in main hall before spilling out to area . Man staying in chalet with pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter .
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 in the bank . Her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold while claiming such benefits, which meant she was overpaid for more than four years . Day has pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions of a change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits .
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet . It has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other macaques in the area . By comparison, human males have the longest penis and medium-sized testicles .
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco 'screaming' The drunken owner was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years . RSPCA inspector Martyn Fletcher said: 'A neighbour was awakened in the middle of the night by a noise that she described as an animal in extreme pain or distress'
Ed Miliband has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings . Labour Party has taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day . Comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leader’s personal character .
Almost three quarters of toasted cheese eaters have sex at least once a month, compared with 63% who steer clear of the comfort food . American cheese fans are also more charitable and are more likely to travel . But making the sandwich with gourmet ingredients such as a 15-year aged cheddar indicates a more high maintenance personality .
Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television . The pair appeared on ABC's Q&A discussing alcohol and depression . It came after a video emerged of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub . Audience member Lauren Hayes asked Minister for Trade and Investment Andrew Robb if he thought Mr Abbott's drinking was an attempt to 'get more popular with younger voters'
Mr Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate . When George Osborne reduced it to 45p, Labour railed against what it has ever since called a 'millionaires' tax cut'
Pub in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP . Landlord Matt Eason said the pub had received a 'Marmite' reaction of divided opinions over the announcement . Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises .
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight . A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days as the heat caused her entire body to swell . EPP occurs when there is a build-up of a chemical in the blood, which is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths and to visible light . She said: 'It's always worst when the sun first comes out
Nick Cousells, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over 'ill treatment' of child . Girl and 14-year-old sister were never registered and didn't attend school . Couple also being questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Coushans overstayed visa . Blanca fell to her death in a bathroom shortly before 2am on Tuesday morning .
Research showed that over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 . They were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s . Death of a ‘job for life’ meant workers could no longer rely on loyalty to their company and experience to take them through to retirement .
Jake Castner, 19, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . The troubled teenager joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . On Sunday he wrote on his Facebook page: 'Me I’m ur worst “NIGHTMARE”’ On 7 April he begged for a lift to hospital and asked for his mother’s phone number .
Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured . Federal police and marines captured 'El . Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf Cartel, in Tamaulipas state . Reports on Friday suggested authorities had detained a different leader, Jose Hugo Rodriguez Sanchez, who was arrested last year . Hernandez Fuentes has been hard to capture because he uses more than eight false identities .
Kelly Watson, 41, started having problems three years ago . She began struggling with her words and co-ordination . Despite regular trips to GPs, it was never suggested she had dementia . But after tests and a brain scan, she was hit with the devastating news . Now she is scared of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, Holly .
The grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown, from Salt Lake City, USA, has already racked up a remarkable 44.1K followers on Instagram . Albert, a Selkirk Rex cat, was also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein .
Kent Sprouse was convicted of the 2002 slayings of Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt, 28, at a gas station outside of Dallas . He then shot dead a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, who was pumping gas nearby . A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the killings . In his final statement shortly before he died, he said: 'I would like to apologize to my family for all of the trouble that
Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago . The hand-reared cub, nicknamed Mishutka, will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family . Family has placed adverts on the internet and are hoping the publicity will lead to a zoo or animal adoption .
Anna Foord convinced diamond investors to buy low grade gems overvalued . 30-year-old flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques . Was part of a gang who sold investors coloured diamonds in 'boiler room' scam . But they were arrested and others admitted similar charges . Shopping spree of £6,135, £1,240 and £1,726 took place in London .
Body cam vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts . A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with broken neck . But rather than gratitude, friends of the injured can be heard threatening police who rescued the victims .
The royal baby will spend its first few weeks at his or her parents' Norfolk home, Anmer Hall . The Anmer nursery and the one at Kensington Palace have been given a Beatrix Potter theme . It is understood that the pots of pink paint have been delivered to the home a couple of weeks ago .
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for help during a peace summit in 1985 . He asked for his support in the event aliens were to invade extra terrestrial life . The Soviet leader repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students . His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens . Reagan suggests his words may show that he was inspired by science fiction movies .
Rye Silverman, 32, is a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' who has been a fan of ModCloth's clothing collection for years . The comedian is starring as one of the monthly Fashion Truth campaign stars, a group of individuals who help the brand get across the message that fashion is for everyone .
Cheryl Rios, who runs Go Ape Marketing, said that there's an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn't be president . Rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling Rios a misogynist and a hypocrite . 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she said .
A small chocolate Easter egg contains 2212 kjs and would take 30 to 40 minutes of walking to work off . A female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes whereas an 80kg male could burn it off in 30 minutes . Two hot cross buns would take two and a half to three hours of kayaking with women needing to paddle for half an hour longer than men . Experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward .
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband Charles in a deal worth £132m . But he lied about the value of his share in his software firm AppSense . The firm has become one of the biggest firms of its kind in the world . Her case will now be heard at the Supreme Court in June .
The 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday . Miss Schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses and wore a brown stetson hat .
Kieron Power's wife had a ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van . A week after she received the ticket, he went back to gather evidence . He was stopped in pincer manoeuvre by police cars because his wife was given a £110 ticket for parking behind the Bittoms centre in Kingston . Police spokesman said the man was initially requested to delete the photos, but he was allowed to keep them .
Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau will talk about their controversial relationship in an interview that will air on 20/20 on Friday . The disgraced teacher will speak out about her rape trial and how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap . She shot to infamy after starting a relationship with the Seattle man when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student . After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and have two children together .
Image shows Geraldine Schultz, 67, blown from home to Harvard . Shows her alongside husband Clem and was taken 35 miles away . Storm also killed another woman in Fairdale, Illinois, last week . Alyssa Murray found the photograph in the wake of the storm on Facebook .
Audrey Pekin, 19, says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali . She was attacked by Henry Alafu, who allegedly lured her to his remote home . He followed her and tormented her as she struggled to escape, she said . The pair began drinking together at Bounty Bar in Kuta before moving to Sky Garden to continue the night of the alleged attack . Ms Pekin said she was unwell because of her type 1 diabetes . Police in Indonesia are currently investigating the incident .
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor . In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Utah school district accusing officials of negligence . Court documents detail how the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with Altice and sent her text messages . On her part, the 35-year-old Altice confided in her teenage admirers about her martial problems .
Neanderthals may have cut and fractured the bones of deceased relatives . This is according to cuts found on the fossils of two adults and a child . They are an incomplete diaphysis – or the middle part of long bones - of a right forearm bone, another of the left leg bone and the majority of the right thigh bone . Researchers from Complutense University of Madrid and the lead authors said some groups cut and tore apart child or adult corpses shortly after death .
Council won right to force Glen Walford to use equity in her mother's home . The theatre director has invested £40,000 in renovations since 2006 . Court ruled that her home should not be taken into account during means testing . But in 2013 council reversed decision and said Miss Walford would need to contribute towards bills .
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the woman and hit her head against a wall . He then tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in January . Court heard he launched a chair at her before he started attacking her . The victim suffered a cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear .
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove . One nail house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move . Another image shows cars driving around the five-storey property which remained in the middle of the road for four years .
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking . But therapists Nik and Eva Speakman 'proving' her fear was irrational . By the end of the show she could touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python .
Google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage . It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed . When the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome, the same Google account must be signed into on the phone . Google's latest tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data . Users will need to install the Android Device Manager (ADM) app if they want these features .
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger at a Furious 7 premiere last week that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on the set . The supervising stunt driver said she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring Vin Diesel . Ms Lafontaine has been misrepresenting herself as a member of the film's crew .
Former Wisconsin deputy Andrew P. Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife and sister-in-law last August . On Tuesday, the defense kicked things off detailing Steele's condition and how science will prove him not responsible . In a mostly incoherent, stream-of-consciousness letter written by Steele the day before the murders, the former deputy claimed he had had a sexual relationship with his wife . Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in Anyang City . Mummified remains were discovered at the end of February after he took the statue to the museum in the Netherlands to be restored .
Voters don't feel the need to know about politician's wives, poll shows . ComRes survey for Daily Mail and ITV News reveals only a quarter say it's important . Findings come as shock to Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg .
An Australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner after discovering it while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali . ‘So here’s a super long shot,’ Queensland resident Roxy Walsh wrote on Facebook . The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’ The search for the ring continues .
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service . The 26-year-old was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones by a judge . He flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'Don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f*king face off' The judge accepted his crime spree was an 'unsophisticated, spur of the moment'
Marie Sursheltered, from Atlanta, Georgia, was 8-months-old when she was admitted to the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta with 14 fractures and numerous bruises . She was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele Sur Sur Surscope, where she was photographed with her adoptive mother Michele during a trip to the beach . Marie wrote a detailed account of how her mother's boyfriend lied in the emergency room about how she got her injuries .
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition . His chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through . But he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted idea .
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving along road in Rochester on March 9 . Dropped lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames . But windy conditions seemingly fanned flames so much they engulfed entire torso . Three Good Samaritans rushed over and tried to extinguish blaze, at first using their hands, then by hurling the man into a snow bank . Hospital officials said retired marine had passed away on Sunday, but said he had died . Flowers's
Jack Mascitelli, 18, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am . The prank backfired when he accidentally ran 'screaming and yelling' past police . Officers found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop after he ran past a group of police officers . He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour and is studying law and commerce at university .
Toshiba's humanoid robot is set to start work at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on Monday and Tuesday . Toshiba describes the eerie android, which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile, as having the appearance of 'a friendly young woman'
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, cornered Greg Valecce, 53, and took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him . On top of hurting Pebbles, Campbell believed Valecuce had also stolen money and some weed . He was in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in Philadelphia, but that would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair . Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, are awaiting sentencing for
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by a 100ft-high suspension bridge . The interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views offered at every turn . Padstow and Truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or Michelin star dining .
Ranette Afonso, 42, and Marko Conte, 30, met after a car accident in 2013 . They fell head over wheels and moved in together within two months of bump . Ranette was parked waiting for husband when she noticed a Nissan Skyline . She felt a 'massive thud' and spent minutes arguing with each other . Pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began dating regularly .
Kyle Seitz, 37, forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . It wasn't until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Ben was dead in the back of his Jeep . Benjamin died of hyperthermia due to environmental exposure .
Baby Arley was born on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, on Tuesday . His parents Jessica Brown and Tonia Vetter were stuck in the gridlock en route to hospital due to the Presidential motorcade . Vetter, a nurse, was sitting in her car listening to music when she realized something was wrong and was able to run over and deliver Arley .
Jesus Salas Aguayo was arrested by Mexican federal authorities on Friday . He was known as The Liquidator for dispatching his enemies with the use of dynamite . A respected 'sicario' or hired gun, the Sinaloa Cartel boss spoke of his ambitions to one day run his own drug cartel . Authorities claim he is 'linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in Juarez City'
This year's Cannes Film Festival has been declared a selfie-free zone . Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed the entire event down, causing problems for organisers . He blasted celebrities who 'stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves, with themselves'
Koral Reef picked up the deadly Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013 . She began to experience worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . By October 2014, Reef would be dead. She was 20-years-old . Her mother is now on a mission to educate the world about the dangers .
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils . Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats . Paul Nesbitt, NASUWT executive member for West Midlands, said the union ‘doesn’t hesitate’ to launch ‘refusal to teach’ ballots.
A new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13, and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama . The program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage, giving viewers a very intense experience as if they're actually in the disaster-zone .
Dmitry Kaminskiy says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 . Already, a number of super-centenarians are candidates to best Calment's record .
The temperature in the South is forecast to reach 24C today and 25C tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year . The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August . Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records . This spring is actually warmer than the 18C average daytime temperature, and way ahead of the 11C usual in April .
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan, charged with gross negligence . Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust also accused of corporate manslaughter . Frances Cappuccini died within hours of second son’s birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood .
ABC program Lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year . It will urge asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers . This comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats .
Cyclist rode up to the vehicle, yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror, police and media reported . Driver Emerson Decarvalho, 38, stayed at the scene and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon . He was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot space between his car and the cyclist .
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, says Alaska Airlines had her ejected because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly . The married mother of two posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . In the video, her husband dressed in a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt is seen helping their sons out of their seats .
Craig and Jemma Edwards married at Bristol Children's Hospital . The couple became the first couple to marry at the hospital . Had to get special permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury . It allows couples to marry in hospital for 'pastoral reasons'
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was duped by her bigamist husband of six years . He explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud . It was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on Facebook . She has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering the truth .
More than 3,400 press officers are employed by councils across the UK . London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities . Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each . Manchester City Council was the worst offender for its size . It had 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas . Home Office had 205 PR staff and Department for Work and Pensions had 184 .
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, weighed 12st 7lb and was size 14 . Slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 8lb, and reduced her body fat percentage . Left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models .
Captain Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505 .
Figure, which equates to £183 an hour, was paid by Shrewsbury and Telford NHS Trust . It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request . Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money .
Arman Nejad dragged the victim into his house and raped her in 2009 . The 23-year-old then called her over on false pretences, separating her from her friends . She went to police in 2010 but mysteriously dropped the case in 2010 . Three years later she asked why her rape case was shelved and detectives arrested him . He was then charged and has now been jailed for five years on Friday .
Video was recorded by Kristoffer rstadius's father in a meadow in Sweden . The camera becomes detached and makes its descent back to earth . Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height .
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, who she met weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish . Pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Flintshire, North Wales, when Jeffreys followed and attacked . Jefferys admitted murder and was jailed for life in February . BT says its handlers acted appropriately but did not connect the call to police or send help .
Shanna McCormick, 31, from Manchester, weighed 28st and feared she would not live to see her wedding day . For most of her adult life, her obesity meant she had been in and out of hospital suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks . Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down - and fast . Determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years, Dan Dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep . Pair are now engaged to be married and have bought a
Jamelia, 34, said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 . Panellists quick to leap to her defence, saying: 'I definitely, categorically said we're not talking about size 14, 16 or even 18' Jamelia said she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments 'really difficult'
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK . She has identified three tribes of snackers: Situational Snackers and Super Snacker . Ms Jones urges women to ditch snacking and devise a 21 Day Snack Happy challenge .
Lianna Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying at least 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her 'services' She was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force found she was legally married to at least four people at the time . At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously . Prosecutors say she married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia . The investigation unraveled 
The stone tools were found buried in sediment off the west coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya . It means ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first 'man' Many experts have long believed it was the use of tools by early species of Homo .
Kenneth Stancil, 20, 'walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday and killed his former supervisor Ronald Lane, 44' He 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth' as he appeared before the judge in Daytona Beach, Florida on Tuesday . He was arrested more than 500 miles away after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach . On Tuesday, he reportedly admitted to the killing, saying he had the right to remain silent .
Walter the flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea . The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks . All of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage, which has been nicknamed 'a hug in a cup'
Images were taken by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail . Their scales are split into two to three layers, which give them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings . Some look like exotic bird feathers, while others resemble autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges .
Labour’s deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year . Policy, to be unveiled today, would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families . More than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave . Two-thirds of grandparents with grandchildren aged under 16 provide some childcare .
Mother-of-two Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers . Both were handed over to her mother Debbie when they were four months old . Debbie, 52, has taken the children up alone and is threatening to ban her . Claims her daughter, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle .
John Loughery, 60, camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 Royal Wedding . He attended every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008 . The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April .
Lalit Verma reportedly assaulted boy at Dwarika Prasad School, India . Alleged beating was so severe that child complained of severe stomach ache . When he arrived home he was reportedly declared dead on arrival . Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder . Child's body has now been taken for post-mortem to establish cause of death . Further legal action can only take place once official verdict on Shiva's death is recorded .
Amanda Knox has finally cleared her name, but eight years of legal battles have left her exhausted and traumatized, claims her biographer . 'In prison, she was threatened with rape from a male guard, it was a really terrible experience,' says Trial By Jury author Douglas Preston . The Seattle native was convicted of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher by an Italian court . Preston claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees, despite receiving a reported $4 million advance for her 2013 book, Waiting To Be Heard .
Karen Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing after a night out on Saturday . Her body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in Glasgow . 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau appeared in court today charged with her murder . He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it has emerged . Miss Buckley's family say they are 'devastated' by the news .
'Activated charcoal' is thought to act as a 'detox' Dietitian Sophie Claessens picks the 'miracle' foods from the fads . Green tea, wheatgrass juice and acai berry all help lower blood pressure .
Justine Miliband fell in love with husband Ed after he was attacked by a dog . The couple had been at a dinner party hosted by 'mutual friend' But Mr Milison failed to tell his future wife he had been in a relationship . He wanted to bore her with constant talk of 'economics', she said .
Tori Spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California . When she tripped and fell onto a scorching hot grill, she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm . Doctors determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body . She was eventually taken to the West Hills Hospital for treatment .
Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has amassed a huge teen following . Jamie Oliver's company, an advocate for promoting healthy eating, has warned that vloggers should be more aware of adverts that appear next to their posts .
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with leukemia on Monday . For the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at the school and was head basketball coach . But a day before he lost his battle with the disease, he was diagnosed . He unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease unexpectedly .
New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez, 61, has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery relating to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60 . Indictment unsealed this month details 68-page federal indictment . He helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian model Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk . Melgen wrote a letter to the embassy in Santo Domingo
Muslim Engagement and Development boasted they can act as 'kingmakers' Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution . One election candidate said to have been approached by a high-profile Muslim and offered campaign money in return for back group's 'Muslim Manifesto' Mend's chief executive Sufyan Ismail reportedly claimed group is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour leadership .
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house in Xiangtan, south China . The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the metal slats . Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars .
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate . Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away . She claims he boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with her . However, alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims . Fans of show have questioned the woman's claims on social media .
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, underwent the procedure on Tuesday . She had been partying at Coachella festival in California on Sunday . A friend said she had been suffering 'constant headaches' and had made the appointment two weeks ago .
The Chelsea boy has had his first 'train encounter' when he was 14 . Has taken a girl on holiday to Morocco for her birthday but broke up . Loves surfing in the Arctic and aims to surf on trains one day .
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of Hatton Garden raiders 21 hours before they were released . Claims it handed images to police, who were 'delighted', but detectives insist they already had the footage . Former Flying Squad chief John O'Connor: 'I've never heard of anything like this'
Aboriginal Model Management Australia started off with just five models . It now has 40 models including Noreen Carr . Next year's global event will mark a significant shift . Kira-Lea Dargin hopes up to 10 of her girls will join up next year .
Ashy Bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due last May . The debts include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest . Case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday . Bines and her husband Steven Evans have sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of .
Benjamin Carr, 22, had a 'hate' towards Pennie Davis, 47, during six-year relationship with his father . He ordered Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier . But he accidentally left his car keys beside her and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot . Robertson accepted £1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes . Mrs Davis was stabbed 13 times as she tended her four horses in a farm padd
The fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading Mongolian armies . The restoration work will be completed in the original Ming Dynasty style of architecture . It will also include the restoration of commercial districts, the Great Wall Martial Museum and the Golden Harvest Academy .
Robert Downey Jr raised £1million for children's hospice Julia's House . He promised to fly winner and friend to Los Angeles to meet him on red carpet . His offer was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) raffle tickets and raised money . The charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire .
The three-month-old Western Lowland Gorillas were born back in January but haven't been named yet . The duo have been spotted roaming around the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers Layla and Kumi . They share a father, Ernie, 32, who was nowhere to be seen in these pictures .
Video by adoring dad Barles Charkley has so far garnered more than four million views . Daughter Viktoria comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Mufasa . The Lion King was released in 1994 to rave reviews, and won two Oscars .
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, is slated for release in December 2016 . The film follows a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'Star Wars'
Argeles-sur-Mer is France's most popular campsite - with a few cars . Chris Greenwood tried to wash his 15-month-old son and five-year-old Anna . Families congregated around pools each afternoon for relief from heat .
Rieslings are the perfect companion to a sausage roll . Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus . Shiraz is best for a margherita but meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with pepperoni . Scotch Egg is the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a drop of Fiano .
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, Mississippi . The last Amtrak fatality in Mississippi before Wednesday was at a Copiah County crossing in January 2013 .
NSW Police found Luke Brett Moore guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in Goulburn District Court . 27-year-old was on social security because of a bank fault . He overdrawed $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank . His haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a Michael Jackson autograph, . a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings .
Tom Richards, 25, arrested in Swansea and bailed at 7pm yesterday . He is accused of assaulting and harassing ex-girlfriend Danniella Westbrook . The pair split in November last year after spending months together . Richards strenuously denies the allegations against him .
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . Three already offers similar scheme that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries .
The 12-year-old victim was doused in highly flammable WD40 by two boys . The boys sprayed him in a highlyflammable vehicle before threatening to burn him . Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight .
Footage was shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber in Bali, Indonesia . Shows monkey interacting with water bottle in bid to cool it down . Footage shows monkey casually unscrews water at the primate with its hand .
Cleveland Browns quarterback Manziel was seen Tuesday night enjoying a Texas Rangers game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley . He was released from rehab on January 28 after stating that he wanted to be a better family member, friend and teammate . This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20 . Manziel had been partying since last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority, and had the team's support .
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning . His badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year . He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences . Spanish police released footage of their dramatic swoop on the villa .
Former Prime Minister John Howard was photographed with a flat tyre outside the Sydney Conservatorium of Music . Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium in . She noticed the car and got out to offer some help but was shocked to see the former PM on the footpath . Mr Howard was obliging when the pair took off and asked if they needed her help before they took off . It comes just weeks after Lib Dem MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change his own version of the same thing .
Governor Andrew Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders to the island in the wake of the December thaw in relations with the communist nation . Today, he met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies . The purpose of his visit was to see what can be done now and look to the future should full trade be restored .
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution . If the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal . Former administrators would be given one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine .
Ukip leader's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion . He wants an Australian-style system to set targets for net migration . No limits can be put on workers from elsewhere in the EU under freedom of information rules .
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . After covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . The 35-year-old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey tomorrow in Devon .
Guard slipped on manhole cover during popular Changing of the Guard . Young soldier slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box . Incident happened as tourists marched past as if nothing had happened . Holidaymaker David Meadwell recorded moment on Thursday afternoon .
Actor, 61, says Scientology has helped him 'save lives', including his own . Says he has been blackmailed by church elders to remain in congregation . 'I've loved every minute of it,' he said . Comes amid questions about his penchant for oil painting in new documentary . Going Clear alleges elders have a 'blackmail file' of material from Travolta's sessions .
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity . It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years . The movie, called Sun, uses footage recorded by Nasa’s solar Dynamics Observatory between 2011 and 2015 . Highlights include plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun’s atmosphere . Other fantastic sections show bright, active regions on the surface as it bursts with energy .
27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun . Each round costs approximately 50p . A further two million 9mm rounds were . fired from handguns - at a cost of £1,250 each . Soldiers went through £5,000 worth of ammunition for their assault rifles every day during the eight-year conflict .
Inspectors found evidence of a rodent infestation at The Sutton Arms . Pub in Stockton-on-Tees was littered with droppings and food past sell-by dates . Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences .
Sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol, which is released into the body when we are experiencing stress . Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner . The other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame .
Rooftops by Lost Prophets singer Ellia Beasley has more than 20 tattoos . The 22-year-old had the line 'scream your heart out' written across her belly . She wanted the lyrics to look good when she liked the song . Watkins, 37, was jailed for 35 years for a string of child sex offences .
Lord Janner escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations in 2007 . The 86-year-old is said to have claimed more than £100,000 in expenses . He only stopped attending Parliament when child abuse police raided his house . On Thursday CPS controversially announced he was unfit to stand trial .
Jihadists are filmed thugs smashing ancient relics in Hatra, Iraq . They are also filmed blasting Kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city . Seven minute clip was posted to a militant website frequently used by ISIS .
Amanda Richards, a writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny, is blaming Lane Bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war . The self-described 'body-positive' blogger has posted photos of herself in the brand's lingerie to illustrate the problem .
Eitan and Ronit Urman had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday . The couple had just returned from being stationed in Afghanistan . When they were told there would be a special guest bringing out the puck for them, Dan ran out on to the ice .
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC matches five falafels to five strains of marijuana . The menu recommends a baba ganoush, beetroot, pickled turnips, coleslaw garlic parsley and tahini .
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County, Florida, on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar, according to police . When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead . The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery .
Clorox sparked outrage by tweeting 'where's the bleach' in reference to last week's introduction of new 'emoji' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin . The company later tried to make amends in a different Tweet . News reports were focusing on new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages .
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . The blast left the man with minor injuries and Brennan was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday .
Joanne Whitehouse applied for Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton near Rochdale as her only preference . Her brothers Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school . Ms Whitehouse found out this morning that her daughter will not get a place at the same school as her three brothers . One in ten children across Greater Manchester missed out on their first choice when the allocations were announced .
Web-based company Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield . These luxury homes are on offer through Onefinestay's website in London, Paris, New York and LA .
Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture' It was developed by a dermatologist and contains no creams or chemicals . The machine washable silky pillowcase also helps skin stay smooth, thanks to its 22,000 densely woven micro-filaments that prevent friction and remain taut .
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders . They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood . Burglars broke in at around 3.30am in Cordoba, central Argentina . All of the men are currently in intensive care .
Vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her beau because she's girlfriend . The Olympic gold medalist has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years . Vonn made her 67th World Cup downhill skiiing championship in Augusta, Georgia .
Airbnb rental offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes . Locations include the earthy aesthetic of the '90s and the Indian Ocean . The Colour House in Kendal, Cumbria, is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues .
Huw Thomas suggested on online forum that flags were for a 'simpleton' or 'casual racist' Posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E in 2006 . 'I agree it is totally sickening the number of English flags to be seen around Wales'
Three-quarters of all tourists head to the city of Salzburg to see the film . The Old Town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses . Julie Andrews' postcard for sale for lederhosen from curtain fabric . In Salzburg, the film is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn’t rush about embracing change .
During clip he refers to attack by his teacher as 'best day of my life' It immediately sparks outrage on Twitter, with some calling it 'gross' Another said it was a 'new low' when Daly asked how long the affair lasted . He told the court the affair felt like 'Disneyland' and gave 'thousands of high fives'
Hillary Clinton hit the road on Sunday in a rural Iowa community college, en route to a skeptical bunch of students . 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes . The former secretary of state is holding her first low-key campaign event at Kirkwood Community College on Tuesday .
Jack Andraka was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13 . After a close family friend died of pancreatic cancer, Deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt . An online search revealed that survival rates are low, because the cancer is hard to detect . He wrote 200 emails to university science departments - and 199 rejections later . A doctor in Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore offered Jack a lab to work in, under supervision, and smashed a tray of test tubes by 
The family of eight were found dead Monday afternoon in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland . Seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16, but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin . Relatives identified themselves as the mother and stepfather of Rodney Todd, 36, whom they identified as the adult who died . Police observed that a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel .
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's swimming pool 20 minutes after being reported missing to police . Toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard . Assistant coroner for Wiltshire and Swindon said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened .
The Greens today demanded an end to austerity with a £176billion spending splurge . The party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS . But its manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges . Included 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits and mandatory 'equality and diversity lessons' at school . Children will be kept out of school until they are seven .
Max is a 18.5in fully-grown husky, and is looking for a new home . The Welsh corgis was found by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex . There are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for by the charity .
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm . Newzoids starts tonight at 9pm and kicks off by mocking the royal family . The plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate .
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005 . They thought their big house with a large garden would be a peaceful family home . But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their two dogs were shot dead . Lisa had a long-running dispute with farm owner John Cook over her dogs trespassing on his property . He returned to complain that Ruby had killed 120 of his birds and would shoot her if he saw her on his land again .
Researcher Chris Roberts was stopped from boarding a flight from Colorado to San Francisco on Saturday due to Twitter comments he'd made . Roberts' laptop and other electronics were also seized, but his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant . United made the decision not to allow Roberts to fly on their aircraft 'because he had made public statements about having tampered with aircraft equipment' Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday after landing in Syracuse, New York .
Girl, thought to be a student at Texas A&M University, beat three officers . One chose 'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming a victory . The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is speechless with relief . Vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times since being posted on Monday .
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Connecticut on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . His lawyer claims the arrest was a ruse to pressure him to talk about the biggest art heist in U.S. history .
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, noticed a vague ache in his abdomen . This revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a result of low fluid intake . They could not be passed naturally and he needed surgery .
Figures released by the Electoral Commission revealed Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5 . It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss Len McCluskey . Critics have accused Labour of being bound by its union paymasters .
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' The 15-year-old's weight plummeted to five-and-a-half stone in a matter of months . Her mother Kim Waddington said watching her daughter face her ordeal as a 'horrific' ordeal . She said: 'I felt so out of control and every day is a battle. I woke up thinking about it' Emma was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling . Today the mother is sharing her story to help others with anorexia .
All Nippon Airways has released artists' impressions of their Boeing 787 . The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . Words 'Star Wars', in the movie's distinctive font, adorn the body of the plane . News of the aircraft comes as fans got first look at new teaser trailer .
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at Botosani County Hospital with severe pain . She told doctors she believed she was in labour and prepared to operate . But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant . Instead, she was carrying a 11lbs (5kg) tumour inside her uterus . Dr Dorin Scladan carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour . The patient was then transferred to intensive care and doctors say she will recover .
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street . Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . The victim had been drinking with her boyfriend and a female friend when the trio were celebrating their birthdays .
The unarmed 22-year-old, Cao Yu, held off the man in a public square in southwestern China earlier this month . The man in his twenties, who was holding two knives, stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him . Chinese social media users praised Ms Cao's bravery after CCTV showed the man wielding a 60 centimetre-long machete .
The thief stormed into a Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire . He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over cash, police said . His face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, and he fled from the bank . A 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was last seen alive on Easter Sunday . Husband William Snyder, a Pennsylvania Army-veteran, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering . Police say Snyder has admitted removing her body and taking it to a river .
Nic Newling struggled through confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . His older brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective . The 28-year-old is now using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness . He said: 'It was an overwhelming sadness that didn't come from any particular place'
Father and daughter have tongues a whopping 8.6cm and 7.3cm wide respectively . Byron only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world when he picked up a copy of the Guinness Book of World Records while helping his daughter with a school project . Wife Vicki says: 'We try to keep it clean. We just kind of laugh it off'
Five-year-old was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents . They were found in Spain but released without charge . Hampshire police spent £16,000 on the six-day manhunt over six days . A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights and parking .
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament on Sunday morning . He was found using his mobile phone in the middle of a match when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory . The complaint was made by his opponent in their sixth-round match in the tournament, Armenia's Tigran Petrosian .
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today . Father-of-three collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Murray’s wedding . Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event .
Jim Ratcliffe, 62, has applied to planning officials in the New Forest . He wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion . The building has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift 25 tonnes . It has been designed by Charles Morris, architect at Prince Charles's Highgrove Estate .
The Lowenbrau Keller in Sydney's The Rocks has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel' Collective Shout, who own the restaurant, said the ads reinforces sexist attitudes and invites patrons to view women as sexual objects .
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home . This is compared to almost half a year ago (49 per cent) According to research from Halifax, three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house .
Ryan Giroux, 41, is accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel . He has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges . Mesa police used sniffer dogs to find the gunman, placing several buildings, a school and college in 'lockdown' The Hammerskin Nation member had previously had the words 'SKIN' and 'HEAD' tattooed over his eyebrows .
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . Toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last April . Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain . By the time she passed away, she had lost 80 per cent of her left side . Her family have now had her brain and body frozen separately at 196C .
Kejonuma Leisure Land in Tohoku, Japan, closed its doors officially in 2000 due to a drop in visitors . The abandoned resort, which included an amusement park, campsite and driving range, was rendered barely visible due to overgrown weeds . Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location, which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse, to document the site's ongoing dereliction .
Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22 . Moments before he announced the verdict on Monday, he asked loved ones to leave the courtroom fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . Victim's brother Martinez Sutton screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!' Judge also cleared Servin of reckless discharge of a firearm .
The Greek island of Skopelos is one of the most scenic ports in Greece . It has a relaxed, offbeat vibe that plays out in the beautiful port of Chora . Kyle encountered locals of the bewhiskeskered variety while sailing around Slopelos .
Tommy Sheldon died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire . Two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they saw the little boy still inside the car . The pair bravely battled against the intensity of the flames and managed to open one of the doors of the car to reach Tommy . Despite the best efforts of medics Tommy, from Southampton, died from his injuries on August 25 . Another child who was in the silver-coloured car managed
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses . She says she's interviewed several businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise on the site . At hundreds of dollars a month for advertising, the price to work with the company is too big for many mom and pop businesses, Millikan says . The company has vigorously denied the claims and says it's working to discredit the documentary before it is released .
Officials in Florida are searching for two men suspected of taking part in the gang rape of a 19-year-old girl in Panama City Beach last month . Cellphone video recorded last month shows at least three men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair . Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, have been charged with sexual battery .
Patties Foods has found no link between its Nanna's Frozen Mixed Berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak . Three in Victoria and one in NSW have contracted the deadly Hep A . No evidence of HAV or E.coli was found in re-tests of all batches of frozen berries that were not subject to the recall . The company said one of two opened sample packs from consumers who contracted the virus did test positive for HAV but it was open to contamination .
The #kyliejennerchallenge involves placing a mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . Method is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout . Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram, which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth .
Islamic State group claimed credit for a car bomb left at the US consulate building in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region . US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa did not kill or wound any consular employees . An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts .
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons . The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993 . Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for class wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east . The rubber-soled soft leather lace-ups were pointed out by a teacher, and she was taken to the school's office . Ms Parker was not contacted to let her know that her daughter had been taken out of class, and has had no contact with the school principal .
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . Inventor George Lewith says the remedy is St John's wort, which can tackle mild to moderate depression .
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30 and older would-be fathers should be better informed about the conditions that can occur in their offspring . Research was carried out by doctors at the Centre for Reproductive Medicine, Baylor College of Medicine, Texas, and other centres . Men aged over 35 had a 50% lower chance of conceiving over a 12-month period than men 25 and under . But the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation .
Police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota . Daniel Weness, of LeRoy, said a storage canister with vials of semen was taken from his unlocked barn . The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away was on Easter Sunday . 'It's just more reliable that way,' said police chief deputy of the Mower County Sheriff's Office .
Moya Gerber, 24, was travelling through Kruger National Park, South Africa . She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo . After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape, but ran into the car . It received a knock to the head after running into the side of their van . Ms Odendaal, who uploaded pictures to Instagram, said: 'this is the first time something like this has happened'
Mark Gentle from Farmington, Maine, posted a photo of his seven-year-old son Carter's open-heart surgery scars on his Facebook account . The father-of-three hoped to boost the little boy's confidence by posting the picture, which has received nearly 1.5 million likes in the first day .
Former English Teacher Joseph Koetters is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student . Lawsuit alleges that he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a student at the Hancock Park school which charges $35,000-per-year . Unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship, the lawsuit claims .
Edward Snowden squirmed as he admitted only 'evaluating' documents . Former US spy also acknowledged a 'f***-up' when newspapers failed to redact details exposing operations against Al Qaeda . The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified papers .
Illinois driver Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business . Terrifying encounter took place as he hung up on his son to think they were disconnected . Fortunately the tornado passed leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact .
Four private planes have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month . Boss Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale . A similar plane can cost up to £67,000 to charter . Gulfstream 550, worth around £30million, was capable of flying 14 executives at a time .
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge . This as he selected Duke to win their title game by overcoming the favorite Wisconsin badgers 68- 63 . For that prize, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify . 'For ESPN, I came in first and this was a rare thing that you can rarely get and I still don’t get anything and I think I deserve something
Mark Carney was spotted running in Hyde Park with a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt . The belt also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs . He continued running when he moved to London to be the Bank of England chief .
The Datai Hotel in Malaysia has all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City . Full-size carved horses illuminated by antique torches guarded the entrance . The coastline of Langkawi is one of the ten most beautiful in the world .
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with money in carry-on at Islamabad airport . She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $10,000 . Ali was last seen in public wearing an 'uncharacteristic' black burka outside court . In recent years she has been one of the most famous models at fashion week .
Long-running series such as EastEnders, Coronation Street and Emmerdale highlighted as a safe haven for those looking to side-step from a different career . Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding is putting her pop career on hold to star in at least four episodes of soap . Denise Van Outen is the latest big name to sign on the dotted line for soaps .
Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution . It is thought many patients won’t need to take up other care services . Effect was largest at weekends and only in cases mild to moderate severity .
Gaston Pinsard, 96, claimed he was abused at notorious Jersey children's home . First targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old, Guernsey court heard . Father-of-four was born in 1919 and is thought to be Britain's oldest jailer .
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can't walk down hall . But on Friday, his wife Jamie, eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him . Slager stopped father-of-four Walter Scott, 50, over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday . Scott fled - allegedly fearing reprimand for not paying child support - Slager followed and shot him in the back .
Microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions . The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington . Will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with Autism for careers in IT . Last year Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was forced to apologize for saying that women don't need to ask for a raise .
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Inan Eren . The 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home on December 30, 2012 . Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, earned the nickname ‘Freddy’ after the Nightmare on Elm Street character .
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old Damian Vanya . She asked undercover police officer to pose as hitman after he dumped her . But police set up a sting operation, sending one of their undercover officers . Simonova: 'You must really beat him up because I want him to suffer from unbearable pain. Then we will finish him together'
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month . Envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital . Last week, South Korean prosecutors formally charged Kim - despite his denials of any intention to kill .
British scientists spent 18 years developing the robotic hands . These are governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate anything they would care to eat - whether it is a simple home-cooked supper or an elaborate concoction . The hands will be sold as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen, priced at around £10,000 ($14,000)
Princess Eugenie, 25, is the cousin of Princes William and Harry . The British royal, who is currently working in New York, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row . This week she wore a Zara biker coat, teamed with her favorite pork pie hat .
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate the UK . Likens it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery' SNP leader vowed to use a surge in support for her party to dictate UK government . Polls suggest up to half of Scots plan to vote SNP, handing the party dozens of seats .
Investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan at the Arcadia Palms complex when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside . Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . No criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday . Seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds . Roads were closed around the hotel as fire crews fought to stop the flames spreading .
Ms Msimang moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months . As a journalist and an activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa . She said the 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' are directed toward our own indigenous population . Protests about Islam infiltrating Australia have dominated the media .
Scooby Doo was parked in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday . Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a ticket, even if it had been left unattended . The group included a second 'Scooby'-mobile outfitted to look identical to the one Clinton was riding in .
Kit Harington, who plays Jon Snow, poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses . Londoner joked that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' Host Seth Myers pointed out that Game of Thrones films in 'a lot of incredible locations', including Croatia and Spain .
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, was living off one piece of fruit a day . She would lie to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on fruit . But she collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care . Has spoken out about her two-year battle with anorexia and the pressures on girls to be a 'size zero'
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office . The Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge is 'not supported' Weinstein, who always maintained his innocence, could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true .
Five men were arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in Melbourne . Police contacted the families of some of the would-be killers and warned them they were becoming radicalised . Family of one suspect said they were told to stop their son communicating with extremist Numan Haider . Sevdet Ramadan Besim, 18, Eathan Oswald Almo Cruse, 19, Ismail Safi, Mehran Azami, 18, and Mehran . Azami and Azami hailed from Narre Warren, but police said the threat was '
The 20lb new-born lamb was born at Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire . He is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him . His mother Jean Morris delivered him after a three-hour labour . The farm hopes to keep him as a breeding ram to pass his features .
Russian president lifts ban on supplying Iran with air defence system . The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between world powers and following landmark nuclear deal .
Nathan Dailo uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to sleep in just 42 seconds . The video has received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago .
Brontosaurus was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth . But its evocative name - meaning 'thunder lizard' - has enthralled generations . Since 1903, experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed . Instead of belonging to the genus, or species 'family', the new study shows it is sufficiently different from Apaosaurus to deserve its own genuus name .
Ed Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B in Gogglebox debate . Labour leader posed a direct message to the Prime Minister, saying: 'David, if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one' The five party leaders who appeared in the debate were put in the places of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers in another image .
'Olaparib' can delay the time the disease gets dangerously out of control . Already works for women fuelled by BRCA gene mutations . The defect that led to Angelina Jolie having her ovaries removed . Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and these respond particularly well to the drug .
Malcolm Brabant, 59, was gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down . The BBC foreign correspondent had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast . He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide . But he has since made a full recovery .
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in the Boston Marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events . Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 . The race takes place on the Patriots Day holiday in Massachusetts . It will take place this Monday, April 20 .
Jordan Speith is taking a four shot lead into the final round at Augusta . The 21-year-old is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose . He could break Tiger Woods' 1997 tournament record of 18-under 270 by shooting 69 .
Ms Sturgeon refuses to rule out demanding a re-run within five years . In September's vote, 55% of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the UK . But she has shifted her position after TV election debates between leaders . She said: 'There is not another referendum on the cards right now'
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers online . They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . But revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee . BBC chief: Corporation needs to remain 'relevant' to new generation of viewers .
Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and has ridden all her life . She was spotted trotting with faithful Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma . But she eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves . Queen is reluctant to wear one because of her hair .
Hillary Clinton claimed on Wednesday that her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the US . Clinton's maternal grandparents, named Della Howell and Edwin Howell, were born in Illinois . While her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr., immigrated to the U.S. from Pennsylvania, his wife Hanna Jones Rodham was born in Pennsylvania .
Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance . Andrei Soldatov accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' Says he is being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with Russian authorities . Decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama .
Hodor is the brawny, simple-minded stableboy of the Stark family in Winterfell . His defining characteristic, of course, is that he only speaks a single word: 'Hodor.' Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word over and over again .
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in Cotswolds . He said he couldn't say 's*** - but I am not, so I will say s***,' he said . Clarkson also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for hosting job at auction .
New series of HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return this weekend with a luxury tour of southern Spain . With much of the series set in a desert ruled by House Martell, the cities of Andalusia offer the perfect filming location for the ancient towns depicted in series .
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott moments before his fatal shooting in South Carolina on April 5 . Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying 'I'll never know why he ran' Slager, 33, is facing murder charges and national scrutiny .
Ellie Grant, 22, was on This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed Tourette's syndrome - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf . The pair hit headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy, he simply switches off his hearing aid . In the middle of the pre-recorded interview, Miss Grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic and blurted out 'silver fox'
Kylie is one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every A-List event in town . The reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family .
Never-before-seen negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the Terra Nova Expedition of 1912 . Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges . The 800 mile trek would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edger Evans and Henry Bowers . Scott got rid of the husky dogs on the final leg of the trek, wrongly believing they would not make the ascent of Beardmore Gla
Baby-faced boy from Memphis has more than 3,000 followers on Twitter . In many pictures he is smoking marijuana, with captions like 'High Life' Backlash sparked by critics saying he has had a tough year .
Pupils at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a classic book . The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text . Students will have to study into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place .
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture colourful scenes . The ice cave's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . As the short, summer months arrive, intensive melting of the ice creates ravines, and Mr Budkov captures them .
Jeff Bezos blended in with tourists at the Campo de' Fiori in Rome . Internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard . The 51-year-old is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace . He dropped down the Forbes list in 2014 after dropping down the list .
Jaylen Fryberg, 15, killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself in January last year . Raymond Lee allegedly answered 'no' on federal firearms purchasing form when asked if he was the subject of a restraining order against him . He was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol .
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . Police probing reports of breach of Representation of the People Act 1983 . Bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in bid to win votes . Comes after would-be Ukip MP Kim Rose was grilled for giving out sausage rolls .
Freddie Gray, 25, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore . Baltimore police released the names of six officers involved in Gray's arrest and who've been suspended pending an investigation . But the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who took to the streets of West Baltimore on Tuesday evening to protest the police force . Protesters rallied for Gray on Tuesday and then marched to a police department a couple of blocks away .
Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip to the Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total . Visitors can stay with Russian conservationist Alexander Batalov, who has spent the last 20 years trying to protect the Siberian tiger . The pictures and footage from these images actively assist Alexander and his team as they work to save the region from extinction . Managing Director of Safaris and expert in wildlife encounters, Will Bolsover, told MailOnline Travel: 'It's a great experience to have a holiday in
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young sons Essa, 4, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry . They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed . The family tonight said they had been left 'completely devastated' and issued a desperate plea for them to return home . But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a
Lesbians4Hillary was co-chaired by tennis great Billie Jean King . King helped run the former Fiirst Lady's 2008 Women for Hillary Clinton wing . In her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage .
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick . The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the New York Mets take on the Philadelphia Phillies during Opening Day .
Cambridge-educated Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month . He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent . But a family member said he was 'the happiest he's ever been' as he looked forward to becoming a father this summer .
Cheryl Heineman, 45, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee, Florida . She is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old boyfriend, Jack Lindsey, 20 . The arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in March after an informant tipped off police that Heiney had dealt drugs .
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was smirking on a flight from Chicago to New Hampshire on Thursday . He described the bizarre attack by a female passenger as 'being stung by bees... owww!' The woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another fellow passenger, was removed from the flight .
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of Haikou in China . The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient aircraft . By placing the wings low on the fuselage of the aircraft, lift is increased and drag decreases when an aircraft's wings are close to the ground . Engineers behind the £500 million (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (1,500 km) on 28 litres of fuel .
Former President says he believes he should take a more backstage role if his wife, Hillary, decides to run for President . The couple had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild - a dream which came true when their daughter Chelsea gave birth to Charlotte last year . Hillary Clinton is rumored to have signed a lease for her campaign office in Brooklyn . However, she has to officially declare as a candidate within the next two weeks if she is going to run .
The booster appeared to have landed but Elon Musk said that 'excess lateral velocity' caused it to tip over . Craft had been programmed to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed 'Just Read the Instructions' in the Atlantic ocean but didn't go to plane . SpaceX had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year .
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week . But the Irish pair aren't the only unrelated twins to have a real life doppelgänger . The Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, stepped out at a première in Madrid looking striking resemblance to actor James Alexandrou in Eastenders . Liz Hurley, 49, Jacqueline Bissett, 70, model David Gandy, 37, and soap star Dean Gaffney, 37
Children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' They eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans .
Five women have been detained by police for more than a month . Face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with 'provoking trouble' Prosecutors will announce later today whether they should be formally arrested, released or have their cases sent back to the police . The activists were arrested before International Women's Day . They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment .
Earth was hit by Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago . Collision created the moon - but mystery has persisted why moon and Earth are so similar in their composition . Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-size object . What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened . This is known as the giant impact hypothesis .
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year . More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . Measure was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers . Anyone earning less than £50,000 - even a couple on £49,000 each - still received full entitlement of £20.70 a week for first child, and £13.70 for every subsequent child 
Wideleg 'rave' jeans are set to make a comeback after being ditched in favour of flattering designs in the Nineties and early Noughties . The trend has been favoured by bands such as Beyoncé's former band, Destiny's Child . JCNO jeans, which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in, is set to be a big hit with fans . Femail rounds up the worst offenders .
US Attorney's Office: Arrests made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety . Three men who were arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities . They were stopped after riding on a Greyhound bus with Hamza Ahmed, 19 . Ahmed was indicted for lying to the FBI during a terrorism investigation .
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry began in 2009 and has cost taxpayer almost £10million . It is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest . Families say they are now expecting a whitewash when the report is published .
Lizzie Cochran, a student at Columbia University, came up with the idea for her new athletic apparel line Epidemia Designs after studying biology under a microscope . The designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rashes . They will also be available for printing on iPhone cases .
Gaddafi ruled for 42 years after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 . He was hounded out of Tripoli and killed by members of the NTC in 2011 . Now his homes and residences have been reduced to rubble by the military . Used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs during his rule .
Poland is demanding a formal apology from the U.S. over FBI comments . FBI Director James Comey said Poland shared responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany . The Washington Post editorial said Poland 'doesn't do something evil' US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with Polish deputy foreign affairs minister .
Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman, Adnan Abdihamid Farah, and four others were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego . They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group . Three of the men were stopped at a New York City airport in November along with 19-year-old Hamza Ahmed but they were not charged until now .
Dashcam footage emerges of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern Siberia . One vehicle drove past with its roof blazing, before a jeep races past . The situation far too hazardous for the driver to stop and put them out . Wildfires in the area have been burning since March 19, with death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured .
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of fatally shooting Ron Lane, 44 . The college employee's face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos, some with neo-Nazi symbolism . He was dropped off in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Tuesday morning . When officers approached him, he pulled the knife but dropped it when an officer drew his gun . On Tuesday, the judge told him he had the right to remain silent, but he admitted to the killing .
Threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport received on Sunday evening . The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time . Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London, for treatment of child cancers . They are the children featured in a ground-breaking TV documentary . In the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through immunotherapy .
Lorna McCarthy was stabbed by husband Barry McCarthy last September . The couple were still living together in a home in Gorleston-on-Sea, Norfolk . McCarthy, 51, had found out his wife was using dating websites before separation . He pleaded not guilty to murder on the grounds of diminished responsibility . But a jury found him guilty of murder following an eight-day trial .
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace and prompted a full-scale security review in Washington, DC . He landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol with 535 letters . Hughes hoped to raise awareness about the influence of big money in politics by deliberately breaking the law to deliver one for each member of Congress .
Alix Bussey, 23, was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in the resort of Riviera Maya . Just hours earlier she had texted to say she was having 'best time ever' Parents Colin and Penny, and younger sister Leigh, 21, spoke of their shock at her death and said she lived life to the full .
A video shows four tourists they catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand . The fishermen on-camera stand just centimetres away from the shark's face . As the fisherman is dragged into the water, a giant shark leaps out of the water to try to release itself from the hook . It is then inexplicably still and unresponsive, as the shark is pulled into to shore .
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson's marriage to Robert Carson was not dissolved until 1994 in Broward County, Florida . However, Lolita Grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 . Mrs Grayson also claimed she divorced Robert Carson in 1981, and she disputes that she is divorced in Guam .
Nadine and Coleen Rooney have joined forces with Cancer Research . Ahead of the summer runs, the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign . The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover .
More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted . There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority . Lib Dems are defending 56 seats, of which only seven are considered safe . Some parts of the country are more likely to play a role in deciding the outcome of the election than others .
Prevention of Terrorism Act - passed in Kuala Lumpur yesterday . Allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge . Also allows for unlimited extensions after those two years expire . Bill effectively reintroduces controversial prospect of indefinite detention . Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed law in 2012 . Human Rights Watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'
Figure is up from 29million in spring 2010 before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition . Jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84million in the quarter to February, lowest for seven years . David Cameron says recovery will be 'put at risk' by Labour-SNP 'stitch-up'
Australian rebel shows off his new furry investment after buying a tiger cub . The lavish purchase was met with surprise by fellow fighter Abou Shaheed al-Muhajir . News comes just a month after rebel revealed he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company .
Three's Feel At Home lets you use your phone abroad at no extra cost . It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East . Using your phone to connect another device to the internet can result in large bills . Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement .
The Royal Mint will mark birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated Prince George in 2013 . Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies . Thousands of commemorative coins were struck to celebrate the arrival of George and sold out within days .
Lord Janner signed the letter on April 9 saying he wanted to remain a peer . He has been ruled unfit to face child sex charges because of dementia . Campaigners questioned why he was able to remain in House of Lords . CPS faced widespread criticism last week that Janner would escape prosecution because he has Alzheimer's disease . But now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name .
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, came to New York City to peruse a career in education . Soon after he arrived he landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York, and was discovered on the subway . He signed a modelling contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in London and Milan .
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets . He faced court on Sunday after a night in jail for allegedly spending the night behind bars with a wad of cash . More than 6000 people attended the sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush . During the operation 160 people were searched by drug dogs which resulted in 19 detections .
Google claims its handwriting recognition works by 'multi-scale language modeling, robust multi-language OCR' It even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . Google also launched a feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it .
Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - 10 years before Lewis and Clark arrived in the Pacific Ocean . 18-foot-wide cabin was a home for a small group of 10 to 50 Russians sent to Oregon's Willamette Valley as farmers to boost fur trade . Owners Gregg Olson and Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in Oregon .
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and can help a person sleep and improve recovery after a sports injury . Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats, which have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce . our risk of heart attack or stroke .
The Germfalcon patrols aisles of planes using motion sensors to navigate . It has UV-C lamps, same type used for disinfection in hospitals and plants . Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg said 3.5billion people expected to fly this year risk falling ill due to poor plane hygiene .
Jennifer Pagonis has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . The 29-year-old from Chicago always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described her hormone syndrome one day during class . She has an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina . Two decades ago, there was little information about AIS and his parents were'n't sure how to talk
Collection compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber . Includes hand-drawn diagram, plane that bombed Hiroshima was told to arrive at 30,000ft, then veer away sharply at 28,500ft . One plan, nicknamed Little Boy, shows how he would drop atom bomb – then turn 150 degrees to right to return . Another shows how air burst at under half a mile up over the city and subsequent shockwaves that the US fought back .
Travel experts debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions . Starting a plane is 'a little more complicated' than starting a car, says Captain Piers Applegarth . If meals are provided by the airline, pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes served to passengers in economy .
NFL star Aaron Hernandez was taken to 700-inmate prison in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday after he was sentenced to life without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch . He is equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations . Former New England Patriots star smoked hallucinating drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs .
Former Marine Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox . The 27-year-old accused killer then started asking him to shoot . Kidder had only been on his police force a year before the incident . He was warned by dispatchers before he arrived that the suspect might try 'suicide by cop'
Kevin Hawke stabbed Sharon Winters in the liver, spleen, lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife in July last year . Killer had drunk 15 pints and a bottle of vodka over the course of the day . Just three days later, police found Sharon dead in her flat in Liverpool . Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since her death .
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land contract with agency . Has scored modelling contract with plus-size agency, Bridge Models . Will star in Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean . Charlotte Buck, 24, was one of the finalists of 'Star in a Bra' competition .
Almost all family doctors said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure one in an area is open on Saturdays and Sundays . Among 34 practices taking part in the scheme, patients going to A&E fell by between 8 and 10 per cent .
The Galaxy S6 goes on sale on April 10th . Takes a look at what goes into a modern phone - and how it does business . Will be the first phone with dual-standard wireless charging technology built inside handsets .
Two-storey hospital outpatient building is being rolled on giant 'wheels' Engineers take three days to move the 1,700 sqm building 17.5m to its new spot . The ambitious project is expected to be completed in the next couple of days .
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon, according to witnesses . The manager, 34, made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man . He then grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street .
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won its third weekend in a row at the domestic box office, taking an estimated $29.1 million . That brings the domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 . Over the weekend, the sequel climbed to number seven on the list of highest grossing films of all time worldwide, ranking seventh with $1.152 billion .
Ukip leader Nigel Farage admits to having a pint at A&E hospital . Said it was a 'reasonable proposition' to charge drunks for their injuries . Also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
Four made from peanut kernels can help ward off bacteria like E.coli . Adds to research by University of Maryland where flour works in yoghurt drinks . The friendly bacteria out-compete the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and producing antimicrobial substances .
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) Owner's surname, Zhu Diandian, sounds exactly like 'pig' in Mandarin . Photos have been widely circulated online in China .
As summer approaches, retailers are unveiling quirky products to make life easier this season . From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, they've also been revealed . Gwyneth is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop . The top provides lightweight UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation .
A series of images capturing the late actor Peter O’Toole on set for the last time have been released . In the pictures O'Toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal . Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades .
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to document the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs . During Monday night's NRL game the field was drenched in floodwater with players struggling to hold onto the ball let alone stay on their feet . One man took his hand a boogie boarding through the floodwaters at what looks to be a local park due to the fact all the beaches were closed .
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, bags of gummy bears and cereal bars . Packages contain a voucher that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe . They are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines and an Mk2 cinema in Paris . Passengers can fly from Paris Orly Airport to Barcelona from €35 to €65, to Dublin from €40 to €60, and to Lisbon for €40 on most days of the week .
The intensity of Nessun Dorma is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding . The digital seasoning also applies to wine, helping drinkers to tipple by up to 15 per cent more if served alongside the right music .
The house was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4 . Neighbors said the mother had not been seen for years and another man, Archibald Ragin, lived at the property but died 15 years ago at 101 . Police removed the corpse from the house just a week later . The 1904 property will be sold at a live auction .
Midsomer Murders began in 1997 and is watched by more than 6million viewers a week . Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the police drama . Although there have been Asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor . In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters .
Joseph O'Riordan was on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex . He became suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair . They agreed to stay together but he later attacked her - stabbing her in chest, torso, arms and back .
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December when the Columbia Journalism School published a story about a University of Virginia student named Jackie . In the piece, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago . But a recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story . Rolling Stone will publish their review of the botched investigation on Sunday night .
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . This week he had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation .
Noor Ellis, 60, admitted a role in the killing of her husband, Robert Ellis . His body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic in a ditch in Bali last October . Mrs Ellis told a court on Wednesday that her husband died 'Because of the order from me' He was arrested along with seven other people, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maid .
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . She refused a blood transfusion as doctors said she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy . The Sydney mother's baby died three days after she was offered a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis by suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure . Her brother David, who was only 10 when his sister died, called her a 'fool'
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided Londis in Cleveleys, Blackpool . They pointed a 'realistic looking' handgun at couple as they hid behind counter . Pair threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed, before fleeing . Munaro was jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court . Thompson was sentenced to three years, four months and three years . Victims had been left 'extremely brave' during the raid, police said .
Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants, which could boost plants’ yields and the income of farmers . The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion .
David Serbeck, 42, was shot and left paralyzed in a Utah neighborhood watch shooting in July 2009 . Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, he was shot by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV . Serbeck's defense team wants a new sentence for him .
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina . He 'walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, killing long-time employee Ron Lane' Police have issued a warrant for his arrest saying he is white, 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye . SWAT teams rushed to the college on Monday morning after 911 calls of a gunman who had opened
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery . The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the arrow removal operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later . Animal officials had high hopes for the bird's recovery after its capture earlier Wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health .
Package carrying $30,000 worth of meth was intercepted in Tulsa County, Oklahoma . Police say they got a tip and found two condoms filled with the drugs . Package was to be delivered to Carolyn Ross's home .
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing social worker to the floor . 43-year-old 'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of a pallet . But social worker Julie McGoldrick, 53, ended up on the floor in hospital . Judge cleared him of any wrongdoing at Manchester Magistrates' Court . Said it was not certain Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
Don McLean's American Pie was written by a young folk singer in 1971 . The song was sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million . It illustrates what can be done within the frame of a melodically straightforward pop song . American Pie is a paean to education, he says, 'almost as much as life'
Study carried out by Pew Research Centre on American teenagers . Of the 92 per cent of teens who went online every day, more than half admitted that meant using their phones several times a day . Nine in teenagers also admitted to going online as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram .
Tola Ore attached a keyboard video mouse (KVM) to her computer in Santander bank branch in north London allowing fraudsters to remotely access the computer . The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts over the course of one morning . Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678 . Eight-months pregnant Ore was due to stand trial this week, but yesterday admitted her part in the fraud .
Migrants arriving in the UK will be banned from receiving handouts for four years, forcing them to pay tax and national insurance . Theresa May says Tory plans will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits . Unemployed EU migrants in Britain would be deported within six months of arriving .
The tyranny of the nine-to-five asks: Why should I let the toad work / Squat on my life?' She writes: 'For many people today the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds'
Pit Bull mix Chester had been living in shelters on Long Island since 2010 . A picture that was shared online on Thursday that was hard for dog-lovers to resist . It showed Chester with a sign around his neck that read: 'Why doesn't anybody want me? I promised to be good and love my new family' It was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world .
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was stabbed by six cops in a late-night incident . Video shows teammate Pero Anti being led away from the scene in handcuffs . Happened on the same night that Chris Copeland and his wife were slashed . Both were arrested for trying to prevent police setting up a crime scene .
Amazon.com asked federal regulators to test its new delivery drones in a letter posted on its website . The company must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet (120 meters) and no faster than 100 miles per hour (160 km per hour) Amazon has been pursuing its goal of sending packages to customers by air, using small, self-piloted aircraft .
The two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees . They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is exhausted . It is thought to have travelled to France on some Chinese pot plants in 2004 . The Norfolk Beekeepers' Association will hold its Bee Health Seminar at Easton and Otley College on May 23 .
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show set in the zoo . After the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimpanzee to pounce on it .
Ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document known as the Smithfield Decretals . However, it's not clear which character 'Yoda' is meant to be in the story . The manuscript was painstakingly written and illustrated in France between 1300 and 1340 .
Former Flying Squad commander John O'Connor said fire was 'too much of a coincidence' He said: 'You've never heard of an outage of electricity like that causing a fire that lasted as long as that' The massive fire started last Wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out . London Fire Brigade said they do not believe that the blaze was deliberately caused .
Video shows mysterious black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan . It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing . Many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .
In 2009, the number of students who got straight As was 15,791 . This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 . Figures suggest Britain’s most able students are increasingly getting top marks .
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22, in Sydney's east . He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, designer behind fashion label House of Cannon-Brookes . The house, which was originally designed by architect Donald Esplin for former lord mayor of Sydney Sir Allen Taylor, was removed from the McGrath Real Estate website on Thursday . Despite his incredible success the entrepreneur is Australia's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 .
Dustin Wayne South, 32, died Wednesday night at the scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School, a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of Louisville . Cherylyan Rayhel said she watched from a window as South waved a gun and fired into the air just behind her house about 8pm . Officers Rondall Carpenter and Zachary Cooke have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation . This is the second fatal shoot involving officers in less than a year .
Enid Hatch, 70, was battered to death by a claw hammer in September 2011 . Alan Rogers, 73, had smashed the skull of 76-year-old Fred Hatch . Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act . Mrs Hatch said her life has been 'destroyed' when her husband was killed .
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, fell from Blue Dolphin camping site . Airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after falling 200ft from cliff edge . Retired woman said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside .
The mother-of-four didn't see that when she was finished, the singer looked horrified, even wiping his mouth . Sources told TMZ that the smack on the mouth was not planned, but rather a last-minute decision by Madge .
A video shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk . Within a matter of minutes, the entire area was plunged into darkness as the sandstorm blocked out the sun . The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob - which is Arabic for an intense dust storm .
Jane Horrocks drove along the Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) Navigating Route 1 from San Fran's iconic Golden Gate Bridge to LA . Jane travelled the scenic route, taking in beaches and a boat trip to Alcatraz .
James Koryor, 41, took his two-year-old son to a liquor store Monday afternoon, police say . He then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before falling asleep . The boy's family were sleeping in the house for up to 2.5 hours . His mother found him in a car, which police are investigating .
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . She has taken part in charity runs, gone on holidays and made memories . But her health declined this winter after she underwent second round of radiation treatment . One day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida' Now, her family is taking her to Sarasota, Florida, for 'final holiday' Mrs Martin, who has three children, has not spoken for weeks .
Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls . They say the insects help to lure them away from vital body parts . A moth has an unusual evolutionary adaptation that allows it to confuse the ultrasound used by bats, and makes the bats target the end of the tails rather than the moth itself .
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak out in a 'far-ranging' interview with Diane Sawyer later this month, ABC News announced on Monday . The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind a deadly car crash in California in February . While the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will not be stealing Bruce's spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs .
Portuguese national Claudia Martins, 33, convicted of manslaughter . She gave birth alone at her sister's flat after keeping pregnancy secret . Infant was found sitting in bath with 'a lot of blood' and taken to hospital . Earlier she had killed baby by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . Martins acquitted by jury of single charge of murder but convicted .
Felix the cat disappeared after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York . His damaged crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly that Felix could escape . The couple were alerted that a cat had been found at the New York airport .
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, Gary Cooper, 45, and Neil Munro, 45 were arrested . They wrote down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport . The men were taken to a police station and put into prison . Families of the three men confirmed they would be freed after court accepted defense argument that they were pursuing passion for plane spotting .
The HQ of global company Moose Toys comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room . Staff are not allowed to sit at their desks when they're having lunch as they believe the great ideas don't always come from front of a computer . Manager Joost Poulus said the creative space brought out the best ideas from employees .
Revlon's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar... but it's shot in black and white . The video was created by agency George Patts Y&R for the cosmetics company . Love Is On is the label's first major relaunch in more than 10 years .
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin . His wife Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries . Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact . The accident occurred when the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van Rogan was driving . Within three days almost $190,000 has been raised .
CBS political analyst John Dickerson has been announced as the new host of Face the Nation . The 78-year-old is taking over from veteran broadcaster Bob Schieffer, who announced his retirement last week . Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010 .
Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary . Found 14 different strains that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them back to a single source . Warwick University researchers say the TB they found all evolved from a . single germ that had began infecting people during the late Roman period .
Chris Brugger must pay for the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his Hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin . His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to raise the money needed for his treatment as it can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) The 35-year-old father-of-two has been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to Sydney for treatment .
Police say a gunshot rang out near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada . One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . Another person was checked at the scene .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' Cameron out of Downing Street . SNP leader said the offer stood 'regardless of who is the biggest party' Comes amid claims she told a French diplomat she wanted Cameron to remain . Claims were contained in a Scotland Office memo leaked to Daily Telegraph . Sturgeon also denied separate claim in memo that Mr Miliband is 'not PM material'
Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 24, met his wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009 . Six years later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature . Friends call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjaminbutton, who ages in reverse .
Beverley Davis, 35, was supposed to be helping to care for Ray Warren, 89 . But tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions . Her actions left elderly Mr Warren so traumatised he lay in bed at night worrying . She bought Chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears . Davis was jailed for a year after pleading guilty at Portsmouth Crown Court .
SNP leader pledges to work with left-wing backbenchers to ensure Labour did not impose austerity . Also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru . Said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis, forcing a Labour minority government to seek SNP support for every bill .
Abby Swinfield, 18, rushed to hospital after party in early hours of March 30 . Taken to hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, but died a week later . Police arrest girl for supplying drugs but say drink was spiked .
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola have transformed their moving house into a castle-home . The house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . But when it is unfolded, the huge truck transforms into an cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko .
Starkey, 70, said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence . Men were either 'very, very bright or very thick', but denied he is sexist . He also hit out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence, the mother of race murder victim Stephen .
Seven-car Maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h). It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph) in a run near Mount Fuji . Train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway . It hovers four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets . The speeds won't be as high when the
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . Soldiers who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000 . Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . The settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by Ministry of Defence as a result of bullying .
As millions of brides begin the hunt for their perfect dress, FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . One £199 dress described as a 'beautiful Grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre front and back . Vera Wang is the wedding dress designer synonymous with luxury .
Apple Inc is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June . Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months . Tidal is trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content, to fend off competition from services such as Spotify and Google Inc's YouTube .
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched two women in the face at a pub . Both incidents took place at Towsnville's Mad Cow Tavern in north Queensland . Magistrate Cathy Wadley agreed to let the former Playboy model go to court . Ms GoSden was already on bail after she assaulted a 25-year-old girl in a same nightclub .
Brock Guzman was last seen in his parents silver Toyota Corolla at 4:45 a.m. The boy's father left the car running and briefly unattended in front of his home . But when the father went back outside, the car was stolen and he sped off . He was found safe and well two miles away in the abandoned car . Police are investigating the incident as a 'crime of opportunity'
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago . Toby wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver and taken to an animal rescue centre . The couple, who could just about make out the word 'Stokes' written on Toby's shell, needed to call every Stokes listed in the phonebook . Eventually came across a delighted Wendy who immediately arranged to collect Toby .
Adam Leheup, 34, denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old . Court heard he ignored her cries of 'no' and later said: 'In my experience girls say no, but they don't mean it' Self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail . He was charged and appeared emotional as he was cleared of rape .
Biggest pension reforms in a century were launched allowing over-55s to cash in their pension pots rather than being forced to buy a fixed monthly income . Government appealed for caution, perhaps fearing that some people will quickly exhaust their funds and rely on the State .
Legendary French chef has been wining and dining blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born Cheryl Roux, last year . The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna . He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic .
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer . Procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube . An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes one tissue sample . Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision 
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power . He said: 'The Mail’s campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused as a priority' The practice is being used by temporary executives to avoid income tax .
White House says it will hold classified briefings with members of Congress aimed at 'helping' them understand commitments Iran has made so far . Legislation authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker would give Congress a say on a potential nuclear deal . Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy says he will bring the bill to the floor if the Senate acts on the legislation giving Congress the power to review any agreement . The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'we have not been able to have as many face-to
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to the rare condition tibial hemimelia . Condition meant he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight . His loved ones refused to accept grim prospects which would have left him severely disabled for life . American surgeon Dr Dror Paley assured parents his leg could be saved . He underwent a series of operations – including one to break his leg and start lengthening his femur .
Amanda, 42, stars in the new Air Wick Life Scents fragrance campaign . Presenter says it is simple touches that can enhance a home this spring . The seductive shoot was captured by Vogue and GQ photographer Willy Camden . She says her favourite fragrance in the range is Summer Delights .
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra . He said working has always been a part of Gloriana's life, who had been employed since she was 14 and was contributing to her family's income when she was 17 . 'I am in no way trying to simplify, objectify, or devalue the priceless love of a mother for her child,' he writes .
Anand Iyer, 36, worked for a leading tech company in San Francisco . But he ditched his job to be a house-husband to spend time at home . His wife is supporting the family with her job as a recruitment manager at Splunk .
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC's Andrew Marr Show . She looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940’s-style ‘Blitz’ dress by Edinburgh fashion label Totty Rocks .
The Great Dying took place over a 60,000-year period, and acidification of the oceans lasted for around 10,000 years . Huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of France . Sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the Earth . At this time, a single supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth, and by the Late Permian, temperatures were at an all time high .
Middlesbrough beat Wolves 1-0 at Stamfordford's Gardens on Tuesday night . Patrick Bamford scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute . Jelle Vossen also scored for Boro . Wolverhampton go top of the Championship on Friday .
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey . Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts and not the Buckeye State . His mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries .
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall . He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants . BBC hired pollster ICM, which defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Hillary Clinton arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company with a second Scooby . The two vehicles are mechanically identical, while the other has blue and white plates of a different design . It's common for the U.S. Secret Service to employ 'decoy' vehicles, identical in design, to inject some mystery into VIPs' travel plans .
At the finish line of the 256km race through the Moroccan desert, the 71-year-old said the event is 'not set for old geriatrics like me' There were fears Sir Ranulph would not be able to finish the race after the 91km fourth stage when he ran for more than 30 hours having had just one hour of sleep . The veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 .
Next has overtaken the High Street giant on profits after decades of snapping at the heels of rival Marks & Spencer . British fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . Or if you fancy yourself in a Victoria Beckham-style armband shift dress, but wouldn't remortgage your home to pay for it .
Ryan Heritage, 18, went out for a night out in Trowbridge, Wiltshire . He was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him . Police re-posted original message on Facebook and added: 'His luck ran out' Magistrates bailed him to report to Melksham police on June 4 and May 20 .
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch . But when she took it home, she noticed a dark stain 'seeping through' Inside, a four-inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto fabric . Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher and refund .
Liz Norden's two sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings . The men, now in their mid-thirties, were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off at the Boston Marathon almost two years ago . Wahlberg is now teaming up with CBS to make a feature film from the atrocity that maimed her family .
Julie McKenzie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - contained a tumour . Cases such as Julie's are why too often back pain is written off .
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent in Ipswich . He was told there were health and safety concerns because a glass could fall on his foot . The bemused grandad grinned: 'It's their loss. I wasn't going to go in'
Plane from Germany to Toronto forced diversion to Shannon Airport . On touching down at 8.15pm local time, woman was met by Irish police . Plane was forced to dump fuel in advance of descent over Atlantic .
Elizabeth Scarborough has been impersonating Taylor Swift since she was 15 . The University of South Carolina student impersonates the Shake it Off singer's greatest hits . Elizabeth can also sing, dance and act just like the star .
The James McBride ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857 . Wrecks were revealed this month after surface ice melted on the lake . Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world . The 121-foot brig was owned by a religious group called House of David when it crashed in 1917 .
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack during a vacation in Bali in August . Her lawyer has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella . Mack has been accused of helping her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, murder her mother at a luxury Bali hotel . Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years - but spared the death penalty .
CCTV footage captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabbes the box of ANZAC badges and money . The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the glass entrance door . 'I've seen some pretty low acts but this one takes the cake!' said the RSL general manager Pete Frost .
During Reclaim Australia rallies on Easter weekend, anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man . Mr King said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views . He was born and had grown up in a multicultural part of Melbourne, where he had been on giving and receiving ends of 'racial prejudice and bigoted views'
Charles Barnhoorn took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide at party in Devon . He was found dead in his bedroom by his heartbroken mother Susan . Coroner Ian Arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local GP or click here for details .
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday . Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her family and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her . When Missy first disappeared the family created a Facebook page called, 'The Search for Missy. We are all happy she is home!' People who are still hunting for their missing pets can post to the Facebook page 'Fairdale and Rochelle Illinois Pet
Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans . Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi . Others include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the index . Announcement will heap pressure on Labour which has struggled to come forward .
John Truong of Des Moines, Washington says his sister Alyssa Chang agreed to babysit Ronnie Tran on Tuesday, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go out on a date night . The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on Facebook . He called police to report that he had been watching the boy, who they found safe, sound an unhurt .
Cute creature had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in India when he woke up . Gives a big yawn and flicked out his tongue after waking on the beach . The Indian palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka .
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed computer at school in Holiday, Florida . Used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing, he claims . Sheriff's office claims he had access to files and could have altered grades . But the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank . Green was arrested on Wednesday and detained at Land O'Lakes Detention Center .
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December after 'having sex with an 18-year-old student' An investigation revealed she also had improper relationships with two male students . On Monday, she applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution . If she is allowed to enter the PTI, she may have to undergo random urine testing, pay restitution, and submit to psychological, drug and alcohol evaluations .
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks, Charleston, home Thursday morning . Police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute . Officers evacuated surrounding homes as they addressed the situation .
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area . The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia . Investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff .
Robin Williams, 63, stuffed his watch collection into a sock the day before he died . Also spent his final 24 hours looking up drugs online, convinced he had another . Post-mortem revealed Williams had Lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour . Coroner said he was aware 'there was something else wrong with him', TV show will claim .
Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in jail . Mass murderer has been one of the country's most notorious serial killers . Now he may be moved from Broadmoor prison to a low-security Priory . He expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from God' Report will be compiled which will be heard next month at prison tribunal .
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire . She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997 . Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation as murder inquiry . The search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation .
Kanye, 37, penned an essay for Paper magazine, in which he discussed his 'world dream' He explained that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars . The rapper also noted that Madonna is in her 50s and gave everything she had to go up on an award show and get choked by her cape .
Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested on April 17, 2005, for Bali Nine drug smuggling operation . They were refused clemency earlier this year but their lawyers have been desperate to show courts their rehabilitation over the past decade . The artist's cousin, Niranjela Karunatilake, is currently holding an exhibition of his artwork in London . She last visited him on Execution Island in Java in February .
Melbourne's brand 'Elliott Label' is hitting the big time with stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL . New addition of Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL as Kylie's business partner . The two met through Instagram, becoming 21st century norm .
Kim Roberts, 58, worked for the countess of Bathurst in the Cotswolds . She helped herself to the riches, which included a sketch by Picasso . Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing .
The TOWIE star was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant . Weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors and help save his mother's life .
John Allan claimed Tory leader's promise of in-out referendum means cart is 'very firmly before the horse' He suggested large firms could move head offices from London to other sites 'relatively painlessly', should Britain exit the EU .
Chief Secretary to the Treasury snapped drinking with call girl Brooke Magnanti . Pair were snapped at Bar One in Inverness as part of Nip festival . Comes as Cameron faced revolt over his 'flat-footed' General Election campaign .
Married couple and their eight-month-old son were crushed to death on Monday in Bonney Lake, Washington State . The 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of the couple, who were pastors at EastPointe FourSquare Church . Authorities discovered to their horror that only one person had been killed by the impact . Ray LaHood, former US Transport Secretary, said 70,000 bridges are structurally deficient across the nation .
Man in his 20s was struck by Northern line train at Stockwell station . He bent down to pick up his bag and was hit on the head by train . Emergency services called to the station in south London this morning . Passenger was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries .
Sydney couple Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, snap yoga pictures all over the world . The pair, who run a studio in YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds . They say the balance between the two makes yoga a blissful pathway of coming home .
Duke of York was visibly relieved during visit to offices of AkzoNobel . Was at the factory as part of his work with the Outward Bound Trust . Has always denied claims he had sex with Virginia Roberts, now 31 .
The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation's board said on Wednesday that future donations will only be allowed from the governments of Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom . The six maintain relatively uncontroversial ties to the U.S. While direct donations from other governments would be halted, those nations could continue participating in the Clinton Global Initiative .
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, is making her nose job so public . The 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on Instagram alone . She is currently recovering in Bangkok recovering from surgery, but has remained active on social media, posting videos on Snapchat and sharing snaps .
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens . Italian artist aleXsandro Palombo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful' The campaign is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings on gender violence in 2015 .
Pilot, 42, saved his 30 passengers and three crew just moments before plane plunged into the sea . Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms, snow, hail and 70mph winds on December 15 .
Lianna Barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone . Authorities reportedly slapped her with a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014 . The Bronx woman has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing . She was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage was her first .
Protests started two weeks ago in Durban, a key port on South Africa's Indian Ocean coast, spreading to Johannesburg . Around 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and police with rocks . South African police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse crowds . Six people have been killed and dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks .
Bethany Farrell, 23, drowned in Queensland's Whitsundays on February 17 . She was scuba diving for the first time when she became separated . Enthusiasts claim boat staff deleted photos that were taken shortly before she died . Two reviews have been posted on TripAdvisor slamming the guides' handling of the situation .
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out . The four-month-old woke from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button . His great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test' but it didn't fade under pressure . Despite doctors and nurses battling to save him, Evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after .
Julia Ware, 16, accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts in Pennsylvania court on Wednesday . Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher, all 15, were killed when her SUV rolled over in Paupack Township, Pennsylvania, in August . Ware's father, Michael, said the man gave her permission to drive so she could pick up breakfast, according to the newspaper .
Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday . The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses . She wore her hair in a half up-do with a Sixties style beehive .
15.7percent remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid . Despite earning millions of dollars, players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans . Quarterback Vince Young earned $64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his NFL career .
Man ran across 10-foot grandstand fence during practice for Chinese Grand Prix . The fan then walked into the Ferrari garage expressing his desire to race . He was later said to have been shouting: 'I want a car. I've got a ticket' The incident will alarm Chinese officials .
Liberal Democrats are most likely to opt for the window seat for flights . UKIP supporters are second in polls of voters who want to save money on holiday . Greens supporters are more likely to take on some light reading than UKIP . Labour are the second biggest sun lovers of all parties with 90 per cent requiring this as standard .
Hillary Clinton's pre-election campaign visit to a coffee shop in Iowa was staged from beginning to end, says Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Clinton . A campaign staffer called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city . After vetting them for about a half-hour, they got to the coffee house to meet Clinton and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable' The three got the lion's share of Mrs.
Tory minister Esther McVey has demanded Ed Miliband condemns attacks . She won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 . Says she is one of a number of female ministers who knows how to have voice heard .
The TOWIE star is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign . Jess, 29, showcases her incredible figure in the resort collection . The collection includes 15 swimwear pieces, including plunge and bandeau .
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque is the biggest in the Middle East . More than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to pray in celebrations . British photographer Julian John has been snapping photos of the structure for four years . He believes it is 'the Jewel in the United Arab Emirates' crown .
Adele Sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years . She received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford . Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home .
State Representative Jesse Young has proposed a bridge across Sinclair inlet . He wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard . A proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study of the bridge . US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposal site of the proposed site .
Army major John Jackson and his wife Carolyn are accused of abusing their three foster children over a period of years . One of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the Jacksons, Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Shumofsky said . The Jacksons have only been charged for the abuse . Their previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one of the children had died .
Swedish furniture store IKEA takes action to stop sleepy shoppers . Staff say problem is difficult to manage because so many Chinese shoppers are doing it . Some even get under the covers for a snooze .
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 . The document related to a flat in Battersea which was used by paedophiles . It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time .
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony for a slipped disc . Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering . Mother-of-two had fallen more than 50ft from top of Asda car park . Husband Steve said this was the 'final straw' when he called the police .
Scientist studied the composition of modern steel and welding techniques . He concludes Valyrian steel isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite . Steel is an alloy made mostly of iron, but also includes around 2% of carbon . It reigned for 5,000 years before the Doom of Valyria struck in Game of Thrones .
Joyce Tabram arrived at the new hospital on March 30 with a swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms . She was asked to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed . The 82-year-old has called for the hospital to be shut down . But the West Australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong .
Lydia and Ali Gordon met two years ago after Ali 'liked' one of her photos . Pair have a large following on Instagram with Lydia boasting 194,000 followers . Especially after Ali taught his girlfriend how to train hard and eat clean .
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie in Boston . Providence defenseman Tom Parisi dumped the puck in his glove . The puck flew through the air and appeared to float easily into O’Connor . He somehow lost track of the puck and managed to kick it in the net . It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all .
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother worked at the same call-center operation company she works at . She reached out to friends on social media to speak with her daughter, who she always wanted to contact but never knew how . They eventually met after a phone call and decided to meet after the phone call . The birth records were released between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month .
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old . After three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, and undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder . 'Honestly, I’ve never had any negative thoughts about what I went through,' she told Daily Mail
Tim Farron was accused by the dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress' Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere . His widow Hilary has accused him of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy .
A man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife . A police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday and will reappear in court on June 10 . Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services .
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . A fourth, Nicholas Slatten, faces a penalty of life in prison after being found guilty of first-degree murder . All four were convicted in October for their involvement in the killings that caused an international upheaval .
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times in a jealous rage . He was considering allowing her to have affairs as long as she stayed with him . Prosecutors show dramatic footage of police arriving at the couple’s home .
Human remains found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed . Archaeologists found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave between 1880 and 1992 . The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin .
Study 'strongly identifies' playwright as true author . Authorship of play has been hotly questioned by experts .
The quintessential Big Apple thoroughfare thronged with color on Sunday afternoon . Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooned . Christians emerging from the service, led by Cardinal Timothy Dolan, Jews, Hindus, agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild, sunny day .
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona, was eight months pregnant when she hit a car head-on in February 2014 . She was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time, and was indicted by a grand jury in February . When told of the incident after her arrest, she said, 'Sh*t happens' The baby, who had diazepenes and THC in their system, was in extremely critical condition after it was delivered .
Prime Minister accuses SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' Said the two parties were pretending to 'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll . But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit . Ed Miliband is expected to become the next Prime Minister in Scotland .
Exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life, according to the ‘hygiene hypothesis’ Study compared bacteria in guts of people from US and Papua New Guinea . People in the US had far smaller collection of bacteria - called the 'microbiome' - than people from Papus New Guineans .
Report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola . Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions . The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent . But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground .
Rob Gaskell, 24, inked the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back . Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a party to find a guest had tattooed his leg . He carried out the practical joke in revenge for a tattoo Josh did on Rob two years ago . The prank hasn't harmed Josh's childhood friends - and they see each other every day .
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography . The Georgia native fled the US after confessing to the crimes . Police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher molesting boys at his karate studio in Chevy Chase, formerly known as DC Martial Arts .
Cammeray, in the inner-Sydney suburb of North Shore, was split on the parking issue by a fed-up resident . 'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!!' read the note . The note said: 'We laughed. But we were horrified that such a nimby (Not In My Backyard) culture existed in our street'
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK . But his second wife turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy . Determined not to let the experiences put him off, he is now dating a third Gambian woman .
B2C Data sold the financial data of 15,000 people - including details about their pension pots, incomes and investments . The second firm - Data Bubble - supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients – such as if they suffered from high blood pressure, arthritis or even bladder problems . Direct Marketing Commission will probe two firms over claims they had breached rules on sale of private information .
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed . He allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said . The man was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000 to have his business done, said Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly . Investigators found a weapons cache in a secret room that was 
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight . She would travel to Portsmouth by train and ferry to Ryde . In 1875 a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line . Accommodation was built for the stationmaster, as well as waiting rooms with toilets . The five-bedroom family home is currently on the market for £625,000 .
The American People: Volume One of the two part book by Larry Kramer explores prehistoric America's unwritten gay history up to the present day . According to Kramer, Abraham Lincoln slept with several men including actor John Wilkes Booth who later fatally shot him in a theater on April 14, 1965 .
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2012 . The school prefect was an artistic and creative pupil at Tottington High School . Inquest heard she had told of problems socialising and making close friends . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local . branch or click here for details .
Texas teen Ben Sunderman, 19, accomplishes a goal on a list of things to do before turning 21 . In a video posted on Facebook by his dad, Scott, he reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts him asking if he got it which he quiets her several times . With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles .
Kennth Crowder was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God and committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . Crowder put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God . The officer punched Crowder in the face and he fought back, claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge . More officers came to the scene and helped handcuff and shackle Crowder . Flakka can be 
Laura Wells is a plus size model who lived with a group of 'skinnier' models during her stint working in New York . Says her roommates would compare themselves to her despite allowing herself treats .
Google has launched its latest Street View experience to celebrate 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph' The site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the image, which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness . Google has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster .
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life for the December 2013 murder . He raped Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara . A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident . Cameron's behaviour was 'sadistic' and he went on 'killing spree'
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts . Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th . Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light . The longest game in the history for both teams and the new Yankee Stadium pushed past 2am on the East
Five dentists earn between £400,000 and £500,000 and 177 received more than £200,000 . More than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000 - an average of £690,000 . This comes on top of any money they take from treating patients privately .
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos . Malawi's Inspector General of Police has instructed police to shoot any 'dangerous criminals' whose victims are 'ruthless, have no mercy and therefore they need to be treated just like that' Albinos, mostly children, are being housed in special accommodation in Burundi .
Russian model, 29, split from her partner of five years, Christiano Ronaldo, in January . But she looks anything but in Linda Farrow eyewear's Spring Summer 15 campaign . Video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool wearing the SS15 specs .
Game is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl . Amazon and Android platforms were forced to remove the game following complaints . Users reacted with horror when they first saw the game on the internet .
Ryanair shared a photo of its staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2 . Ryanair flies out of T1 for the lowest fares made simple . Aer Lingus had a dig at where Ryanair fly their customers 'nearly' to central locations .
Prince Malik, 31, wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul, 22, in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan . The 22-year-old bride worked as a systems technician for the Sultan, Hassanal Bolkiah, and his wife, Queen Saleha . Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities .
Thomas, now 56, and friend Mark Titch, 17, were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole in 1977 . The two were neighbors at Stanton apartment complex that police had dubbed 'The Zoo' because of the criminal activity there . They abducted Laura Stoughton, 20, who interrupted the pair as they were breaking into her home . Three days later, they killed Ephraim Jacob Christian, 35, during botched robbery at Rockview Dairy . Five days after that, Thomas and Titch followed owner of billiards hall to his
A university student will run a marathon in each of Australia's eight states and territories between January and September 2015 . The 21-year-old is inspired by the resilience of his friend, Malachy Frawley, who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was 14 . Since January, Callum has already faced his first three marathons: kicking it all off with 22 degree race in Hobart, sweating through the 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta and freezing through an icy seven degree start in Canberra . This comes despite his muscle fatigue with the quick
The search for MH370 will expand to include the 'best search area identified by expert analysis' Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said all those involved in the search were determined to do everything possible 'to give answers to the families of the loves ones who've been lost' Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on March 8 last year . The plane disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board .
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow . But Age UK said she was under the impression she planned to sell the house . Her dog Mitzy was also taken to an animal sanctuary and re-homed . After returning to find the house empty, the great-grandmother has criticised the charity . She said: 'They left me with nothing. All my furniture was gone'
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama said 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people' He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' Obama said that 'it was truly a great honour meeting the President of United States of America' Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first American president to visit the island since Ronald Reagan in 1982 .
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe used to live with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons before he joined ISIS in Syria . The former supermarket security guard wrote: 'No pious sister would be pleased to see her husband getting so many likes from other sisters'
Conservative leader sets out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and South East . He said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘on the screens of the traders in City of London’ Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010, and the Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 .
Tory defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election . He faces uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on May 7 . Data revealed when Reckless stood for Tories at 2010 election .
New Jersey schoolteacher Cheryl Meyer told Christie to tone it down 'a little bit' and 'if you want to become president of the United States' Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm his no-nonsense attitude . Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady who Christie famously told to 'sit down and shut up'
Young bear was attacked and bitten by dogs as part of a baiting competition in Yakutsk, eastern Russia . The contest is celebrated as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter . Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia, particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation .
Helen Mirren believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women . The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us all .
Dress was one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own Wikipedia page . Comes as Kim Kardashian's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze .
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011 . She refused to give up on Brian and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube . Now, he and Brian work on his rehabilitation and use yoga to help him sharpen his mind and regain control of his body .
Man Tasered while trying to enter restricted area at Pearson International Airport . Police said he was told he would not be allowed to board Turkish Airlines flight . In the video, the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his white T-shirt . He stands handcuffed as onlookers are asked to move on by airport staff .
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds . The petite pistol measures two inches long but fires with one joule of power . Bullets hold Guinness World Record for smallest working revolver and also appears in book as tiniest live ammunition ever created .
Sarah Stage, 30, gave birth to healthy baby boy named James on Tuesday . James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth, adding: 'He's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine' The underwear model famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page .
Video shows woman dangling off ledge having apparently threatened to jump . Police failed to convince woman to climb back into nearby apartment . But she suddenly lowered herself on to edge of concrete ledge . Xu Weiguo immediately climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm . He held on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him .
Shocking natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in Inner Mongolia . Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour and the sky had faded 50 minutes later . No official comments have been given on what caused the bizarre red sky .
Sharpton said report that family wanted him gone to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus' He also announced he would attend a vigil in South Carolina on Sunday . The preacher said he will go to South Carolina to preach at charity Missionary Baptist Church .
The discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms . It suggests conditions that spawned life are not unique to our solar system . Comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young Earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . The bodies of a young couple were found in a box in Haryana state, India . Their legs were chopped off and put inside the trunk, police said . His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
cremated bone is thought to be the earliest ever identified in Britain . It was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex . The remains are around 7,614 years old and fall within the late Mesolithic, between 6,000 BC and 4,000 BC .
Random Darknet Shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web . Included trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys and a DVD case . It seems the robot crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets . Most information on the web is far down on dynamically generated sites .
Researchers analysed patient information over nearly two decades . They found people who were underweight in middle age were 34 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than those of a healthy weight . Other experts said more research was needed and the way GPs used to diagnose dementia may have skewed the results .
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews has failed to name the terror group's leader . Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is leader of the terror organisation Islamic State . Australian soldiers are embarking on a two-year mission in Iraq . Mr Andrews said they will be spending it 'behind the wire' not engaging in combat . But the PM said he was unable to do so for 'operational reasons'
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday . Another three-year-old boy found unattended gun and pulled the trigger . Bullet struck the baby boy in the face and he was rushed to hospital . It is unclear whether the child was related to the older boy . Now, investigators are trying to determine where gun came from .
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning . He was wanted for the murders of Bernadette, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, on Thursday . Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . Her family said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss in Bootle, Merseyside .
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday . That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall . Hughes was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently literally flew in under the radar' But lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security, especially amid revelations that the pilot was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago 
Images show the vast sandstorm stretching across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates . It began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the storm in northern Saudi Arabia before moving southeast across the Arabian Sea . The next day, it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in Dubai, causing traffic accidents and breathing difficulties .
Prime Minister and wife Samantha joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent earlier today . The visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before Election . Cameron told the crowd the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion .
The tracks were found by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest Kenya . They represent groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest at the same time . An palaeoanthropologist at the American Museum of Natural History, said the prints appeared to have been made by adult males .
Tens of thousands of Aussies are bluffing their way around geographic restrictions to access the HBO NOW streaming service . HBO has warned users they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21 . Users have taken to broadband forum Whirlpool to voice their opinion about the email they received . Foxtel is charging Australians $45 a month to access Games of Thrones .
Heather Hironimus has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of her 4-year-old son . She is trying to avoid her own arrest and stop the procedure . Hironironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy . The circumcision is popular in Judeo-Christian tradition but religion had not been a driver in seeking the cutting of the child's foreskin in this case .
Corporal Christian Walmsley found dead in Bolton wearing five war medals . The 42-year-old struggled with PTSD, depression and Fibromyalgia . He had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
Astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophylique de Bordeaux in France . A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior .
Los Feliz lion, known as P-22, left the building at 9.28am on Monday . Despite being poked gently with a long prod, he was not prepared to be moved . Welfare officers attempted to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space with hopes it would scare him out . The lion was discovered by an unsuspecting alarm technician on Monday morning . He was surrounded by a circling helicopter and a live stream meant Los Angeles residents could keep an eye on animal services' efforts .
Zara Phillips, 33, is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics . welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year . But after finding herself 'surprised' at how fitness dropped during pregnancy, she has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape . Starting at 7am, Zara has a breakfast of Greek yogurt and honey and tries to get in a stint on the exercise bike at her home, Gatcombe Park .
Kelly Ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend, cosmetic surgeon Dr Fredric Brandt, was found dead by suicide on Sunday . The 44-year-old TV star was looking morose as she left her New York apartment on Tuesday . She told her co-host, who is usually seen smiling, that she will miss Dr Brandt 'every day of my life' She was carrying her coat as well as some papers, a cell phone and purse .
Jihadists are bringing items across the Turkish border as they travel to Syria . But the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed . One fighter posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper, which he claimed had been snuck into Syria from Turkey . Another image posted on his page showed several packs of Kinder chocolate, Oreos, M&Ms and even pre-mixed mojitos .
New study by independent political magazine Mother Jones was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012 . The study determined the cost to society is over $229 billion . At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns in the last 10 years, with 33,000 each year .
Peggy Siegal said Oscar voting panel objected to painting country in bad light . Said British director Steve McQueen would not win as it was not patriotic enough . Also revealed blockbuster of Dr Who is in works - but not for a few years . Siegal has been called the most powerful PR on the East coast of America .
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was arrested and sectioned in Birmingham city centre . He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun in March 2011 . CCTV showed that in fact nobody had approached him, he died four days later . Inquest heard he had been taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QE) for six hours . Family said he 'walked over stiff' and couldn't move his head, legs or shoulders .
British scientists discovered a protein which boosts the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses . The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells . In mice, it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named . the lymphocyte expansion molecule or LEM - dramatically boosted the body's number . During treatment, the cells would be removed, modified with the insertion of LEM-producing genes, and then infused back into the patients via a
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . Fake tanning had become part of many women’s regular beauty regime . But even the TOWIE crew admit the look can easily go wrong .
Beatrice Tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made donation of £20,000 . Last night it emerged she has been charged with conspiracy to evade millions . But on the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley pleaded guilty to tax evasion . He repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America .
Michelle, 32, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . She followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings . Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence .
Camilla Parker-Bowles, 67, was the most hated woman in Britain . But a recent poll revealed that she is most popular with 50 per cent of Britons . She has also become a much-loved member of the Royal Family . Her good relationship with the rest of the Firm is due in no small part to her 'charm and charisma'
Dave Brockie was found dead March 23, 2014 in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home . Medical examiner determined that 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . The band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes, stage antics and vulgar lyrics . A lawsuit filed last Thursday by William's father seeks $1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages .
Detectives believe three-year-old William Tyrrell may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared last September . Detectives from homicide squad and the sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry' News comes as the parents of missing toddler have begged for his return in a video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the NSW mid-north coast . They have also released home videos showing the lively boy riding his bike and playing around his home .
David Cameron hailed the work of the Church and condemned persecution of Christians following the massacre in Kenya . His annual Easter message comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be' Archbishop of Canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders .
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack . The four-year-old boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . In an effort to save her son, Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin . Doctors thought the young boy would not make it, but after six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and
Presenter convinced teeth triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years . The 29-year-old thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus . In fact, tests suggested she had high levels of mercury .
Annah Sophia Stevenson discovered a cockroach after eating her Big Mac burger . The New Zealand woman took a bite out of her burger and brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth . She said she felt violated, ill, traumatised, and disgusted .
Kyle Major punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head . Teenager had been 'allowed to run wild' after wishing him 'Happy New Year' Paul Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital .
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have launched their own female film production company 'The Doll House' The five Australian women want to follow in the footsteps of Sheryl Sandberg, Marissa Mayer and Arianna Huffington . The quintet will collaborate on films, share ideas and creative advice .
Shinjiro Kumagai is a 'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan . After the days work is done he dresses up as iconic sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .
Eight Australian ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series . Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces . The keepsakes are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force . Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams .
In the past year solar power in the UK has more than doubled while in the US it has grown by 30 per cent . Many current systems fail to solve the problem of how energy is managed and used overnight . Traditionally, energy gathered during the day is used by solar panels, but this can prove costly if you need to buy it back . When there is energy in the battery available, the connection to the grid is locked . It additionally has a Sleep mode that automatically goes into standby when not in use . In case of emergency, users can use their cell phones to store excess energy
German photographer Dieter Klein, 57, came across cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . He became hooked after finding a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago . A fleet of cars used by the Allies in the Second World War are among the odd resting places he has found .
The JW Marriott Hotel in Downtown Houston enlisted the help of American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform revamp . Peck and Marriott took inspiration from the city's 104-year-old skyscraper relying heavily on fair-trade tweed, sharp suits, and accessories . Each employee has a 150-page style guide to help them find new ways to mix and match the pieces .
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn with 535 letters Wednesday . Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . His wife, Alena, says she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot' Hughes has been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions .
The first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks . Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record . This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F (0.05°F) NOAA scientist Jessica Blunden blames the heat on El Nio and climate change.
In the latest episode of MTV's True Life, freelance model Chanel details her unique skincare method, which she tries to justify by claiming that 'thousands of years ago people did this and it worked' The 19-year-old says covering her body in animal blood will 'keep the skin looking soft and tight' Her family, skeptical of the benefits ask for proof, but Chanel is unable to offer anything which backs up her bizarre claims .
The three men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco . The rare and expensive mollusk was smashed against rocks in Mendocino County, California, on Sunday .
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around Monday when passengers heard his panic and terror . The unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight . On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic .
Chinese web users speculate that pair were 'drag racing', which is illegal in China . Red Ferrari, a Lamborghini and a red Ferrari were involved in the crash . Both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and have been detained by the local Public Security Bureau .
Online game is tasked with escaping Syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and rise of ISIS - and making it into Europe . Syrian Journey game often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a 'children's game' Online game often ends with people drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia groups .
Cambridge MP Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the startling suggestion . She said wearing coloured wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police . Her 'shocking' suggestion was slammed by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg today .
Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state . Agonda Beach, in the north, is chic and tucked away in palm trees . Yab Yum Resorts is a real favourite with tourists .
Shadow health secretary says NHS 'cannot survive' another five years . More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists by 2020 . 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 people will get care .
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli . He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 . Win on football betting pool, in which gamblers predict results of football games . Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying . Tragedy struck when Mr Nicholcholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965 . She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle . But lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market . Later suffered a stroke in 2011, which led to
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, hanged himself at his Miami mansion on Sunday . An autopsy was scheduled for Monday, coroner confirmed . Dr Brandt had been 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry . Colleague Dr Robert Anolik posted a moving tribute on Monday .
Ed Miliband's son Daniel inadvertently waded into the row about his kitchen . He said it was the 'best' in his £2.7million home as he declared it 'the best' But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells camera the spartan kitchen is the best . It led to accusations that Edband lives ‘Upstairs, Downstairs’ lifestyle .
The first photos of Sarah Stage's newborn baby boy have been released . The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week . Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy .
The prince arrived in Western Australia on Monday for his month-long secondment to the Australian Defence Force . He took an hour-long break at the tiny township during a training exercise with a Norforce unit . 'He just rocked up,' said delighted Barry Trust, a resident of the township which sits 600 miles away from Darwin .
The radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279bn euros . The German government says the issue was resolved legally years ago . More than 40,000 people are believed to have starved to death in Athens alone .
Lily Melrose is a UK fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram . Here she shows 15 style hacks to transform your wardrobe into 2015 .
The Whole Damn Farm is a 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger made from three different types of meat . The feast contains two beef patties, one whole chicken thigh, 100g of ham chunks and four rashers of bacon all sandwiched between two Big Macs . Owner Mike Edge said: 'It's almost the whole damn farm. It'll keep the punters satisfied'
Don McLean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) at auction today . The song about 'the day the music died' refers to 1959 crash in which Buddy Holly and fellow singers Ritchie Valens and J.P. 'Big Bopper' Richardson died in a plane crash .
Jeff and Joey Stallings took 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in McComb, Mississippi . Broke into coma on April 6, in hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and shaking . Fortunately, pair rallied against the terrifying effects, and were able to return home . But they are now facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues . Now, their mother has appealed to others not to smoke the drug, which has wrecked sons' bodies and left youngest, Jeff, with permanent kidney damage .
Video has emerged showing the horrific moment two French backpackers attempted to torch a native Australian quokka . Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3 . The defenseless creature survived the incident by scampering away, but was singed by the flame . Both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday . They were each
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez has created a 'Family Defender Toolkit' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations . The two-page booklet details Obama's expanded DAPA and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents . Those policies are currently on hold by a court order .
Victoria Beckham posted a pic of her husband wearing a grey hair in his beard . It seems David is embracing his age with style, and he's not the only one . A stylist believes that celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey, as opposed to becoming a pensioner!
Study found that those who were overweight had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy BMI . Being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent . Three years ago an even larger study reported that overweight people tended to live longer than those of normal weight .
Girl claims to have undergone major surgery on her jaw, chin and eyes . Known as Lee Hee Danae, the 15-year-old has 400,000 followers on her Weibo account . Comment has over 24,000 likes on Chinese internet portal Tencent .
Former sister-in-law of Lynn Rishell said that FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken out on her . She said that she feels he 'committed' to the policy and 'just preyed on my vulnerability' In both cases he was the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife and $4.5million on his death . 'That was his doing. I did not authorize that policy,' she said .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Milton Vieira Severiano smashed dancer Cicera Alves de Sena's head into concrete paving 11 times then punched her in the face five times . He later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her' The brutal act was captured on security cameras in the city of Rio de Janeiro .
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at cost of £13million in 2014 . Another 4.7million were written out for multi-vitamins at £4.2million . Critics said items were being handed out when NHS was rationing routine treatments .
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee was five months pregnant when she went into a car accident with friends in December . The 20-year-old was in a coma for five months and doctors were forced to deliver her son, Baby L, for the first time on Wednesday . Baby L is doing well but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center . Giles has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her come or even live this long .
A 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of Edward Snowden was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park in the pre-dawn hours Monday . The NSA whistle-blower, now exiled in Moscow, has been living in exile since 2013 . At daybreak, police said he was ordered to remove the bust from the top of Prison Ship Martyrs Monument, which honors the 11,500 patriots who died aboard British prison ships during the Revolutionary War . By evening, his bust was being held at
Education Secretary reveals she has asked Department for Education to examine impact of immigration . Comes less than six months after she told Ofsted head it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling with an 'influx' of migrants . Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tories' election campaign to date .
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday to help unveil four large orange banners . Martin's brother Henry and sister Jane, who lost a leg in the blast, helped unwrap one of the flags on the street as bagpipes played . Jeff Bauman, 24, who lost both legs in the April 15, 2013 blast, was joined by city officials including Mayor Marty Walsh . Carlos Arredondo, who became known as 'the man in the cowboy hat' was also at the site on Tuesday morning .
Carnitas pork burritos removed from roughly a third of Chipotle's locations in January but still doesn't have stable supply of the meat . The restaurant only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen . 'We don’t know for sure when we’ll be fully supplied again,' spokesman Chris Arnold told Bloomberg .
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting a proposed amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill . Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms . 'I’m actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is. It’s just not right,' said Carnes .
Luigi Costa, 71, allegedly stomped on his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in July 2012 . Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the incident and believes there was evidence of his state of mind declining during the incident . The trail of faeces from the crime scene to the toilet were police found Costa suggests his confused mental state .
Managing director Nick Cousins looked visibly upset when they emerged from court clutching the hand of his Filipino wife Herminia Garcia . The 53-year-old was arrested after her teenage daughter, Blanca, fell to her death from their luxury apartment in Hong Kong on Tuesday . It has emerged that Blanca’s birth, and that of her 14-year old sister, had not registered, but he has not been charged and is on bail .
Kevin Dixon, 35, took friend's dog for a walk and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal . He was convicted of causing the dog, called Tempa, unnecessary suffering . The dog had a history of biting people and Dixon had decided to kill it after it bit a woman, following a party at Ms Hamer's home .
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen on platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, in January . His girlfriend sent his mother a Facebook message saying he was on platform . Inquest heard she had phoned Joshua, an insurance firm, and found teen crying . But by the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found . Joshua had been suffering relationship problems with his girlfriend .
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to a Long Island hospital with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself alight in the car on Tuesday . A friend explained to him that the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol . He then lit a cigarette inside the rental car .
Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee surrendered to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday . Thursday marked the beginning of the American Civil War in 1865 . Ragged, hungry Southern soldiers, many straggling and on the run from federal forces began giving up alone and in small bunches .
Manhattan real estate publicist Kelly Kreth has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out why they kill . Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room' In order to make initial contact with the prisoners, she sent a postcard that had an image of her in striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in a type of prison . List of killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . She was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service, register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years, receive a sexual offender psychological assessment .
CCTV footage shows a thief strolls up to a Range Rover outside a house . Just seconds later, he manages to start the engine without a key . The Metropolitan Police are appealing for information in a bid to track him . Keyless car thefts are on the rise in London with 6,000 of them in the capital .
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping . He signed off his email with: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be automatically deleted' Mr Grower said he was shocked by the 'petty' reply .
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes . The page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary' 'If the ANZAC's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech,' said a Facebook administrator . Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live .
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York . Authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes .
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor . A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't . The team is seeking £100,000 ($150,000) of funding to get their project of the ground .
Student was pictured detailing 'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on board . Reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and an 'overpopulated campus' But at top of the list was the word 'n*****s', captured by fellow student . She was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . Student has now been suspended - and is also facing a USC code of conduct inquiry .
Jericho Scott became an internet star after being told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine . Scott was killed while sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, Justin Compress, who is now in stable condition . The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told to sit or switch positions .
Cadbury's Fingers contains two fewer chocolate fingers from now on . They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna . The rounded chunks look nice - but they give you fewer tea bags .
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment at 16 . The stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . She is now working as an escort to fund her dream of becoming a woman .
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, has multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - and says Alaska Airlines refunded her family's airfare, which will be donated to research . The married mother of two posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . In the video, her husband dressed in brightly colored Hawaiian shirt is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats .
Stoke's Charlie Adam stunned the Chelsea home crowd today with a breathtaking 66-yard strike that will go down in history . Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot . The shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away .
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse heard . A woman was gang raped by employees and had a child at 14 years of age . The Rockhampton orphanage was run by nuns and run by Kevin Baker . About 4000 children in Australia have been affected by the abuse .
Male employee 'would perform pat downs of male passenger's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of his hands... contradictory to TSA searching policy' Female accomplice admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times . TSA said that efforts to find the male Southwest Airlines passenger who was targeted had been unsuccessful .
The Queen, then aged 86, was filmed jumping out of plane during Olympics opening ceremony . Her grandson, Prince William, said: 'Harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night' But her still-sharp sense of fun did not diminish, as she turns 89 .
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program that teaches inmates about the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . He was sentenced to life in 1994 for his third strike, unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony . After being paroleed in 2013, he is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation: teaching cons about tech .
Jade and Ross Morley's first son Floyd-Henry has Achondroplasia dwarfism . The Morley family have released a video to explain the diagnosis . Less than two years on Floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins . Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20 .
Stephanie Flanders broke her silence over fling with Ed Miliband . Made headlines last week after it emerged she had been 'secretly' dating him . Said: 'We “dated”” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
Medics told family of Margaret Hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours . She was then put on a discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment . But they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six, and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished .
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California . He was charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . His charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail was set at $1 million .
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods . The 33-year-old's crowning moment came when he scored against Real Madrid in the Champions League . He also loathed Edwin van der Sar away at Manchester United in 2009 .
Figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, poll of 46,000 found . Three names most likely to vote Tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline . Sharon, Samantha and the least likely were Nick, Nick and Jonathan . The most likely Lib Dem names were Tim, Kathryn and Samantha .
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina . His lawyer told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail . Slager's mother is expected to visit her son Friday for the first time since the shooting, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of .
Actor Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and Vancouver police . The 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel, but he was left uninjured . Reynolds, who has been in the city over the past several weeks shooting his new film, Deadpool, has not been given an update .
Conversation Sparks is a Tumblr blog created for when both parties struggle to think of a topic of conversation . The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause . They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer' and 'More home pregnancy kits are sold in March'
In the tech world, the battle for better battery life is never-ending . Apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iWatch ran out of power . Sir James Dyson is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3 . He is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums .
Emma Watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many can only dream of . Her 14 years in the spotlight have made her a global icon . She was catapulted to fame after the adaption of the JK Rowling book grossed at $317m (£214m) worldwide .
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday . It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . Following complaints from Muslim Students’ Association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech .
The 2006 Ford Expedition was carrying 12 passengers when it overturned on the Florida Turnpike . Driver, Uriel Miranda, 38, and his daughter Yaretsi Miranda, 2, died at the scene . Troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka .
Joanna Flynn, 50, was arrested in Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario on Thursday . It is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada . The mother of two died at the hospital on March 2, 2014, leaving the couple's two young sons aged 15 and 18 .
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who encrypted their computers' files using a form of Internet malware program called CryptoLocker . The program infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . It caused police systems to be down between four and five days .
The man's response comes after Melbourne-based actor Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night . She thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following Sunday . Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy' He went onto apologise for the 'music festivals and comedy galas' and added that the deaf man
Tokyo's Narita Airport installed cushioned running tracks in its new Terminal 3 . Strips of the tracks have been installed in the airport's hallways . The new terminal is primarily used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers .
At just over a month old Digby was freezing cold and perilously close to death . He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to Southridge centre in Hertfordshire . Staff say he has been revived and come out of his shell after finding Nero .
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said on Thursday . The veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads in 1946 .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was fined £400 and £375 for leaving a house in Accrington to rot . The £69,950 terrace house had broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . Rodges had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish . Both the manager and business partner were absent when found guilty . Neighbours have criticised the failure to maintain the property .
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça . But their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world far cry from her life in Cotswolds . American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’ Their songs feature violent imagery, including Blood spurts in all directions .
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy at his local pool . Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy, he put his hand inside machine's hatch . But when he reached too far, slipped under trap door and was stuck . His nine-year-old brother Harvey witnessed the accident so was able to run .
Serenata Flowers offers simple and sensible tricks to prolong life of blooms . DIY 'solutions' - vodka, aspirin and pennies - can damage the delicate flowers . You don't need to be a professional florist to pull these tricks off .
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post notes dedicated to his ex . He has declared that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . Some users were not entirely convinced by Mr Munday's plea for help . They described his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, assaulted patient during routine exam in 2012 . He asked teenager to remove bra, before squeezing and removing her bra . Woman then panicked when she visited another doctor with chest pains . Maung had spent 12 years in NHS but has now lost everything due to 'madness'
Brothers of sex offenders are five times more likely to commit similar crimes . In 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors . Genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation . Dr Mairi Levitt says genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and environment .
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen . He is being investigated over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters . The 57-year-old laid out sausage rolls at an event which also featured Jimmy White . Mr Rose said: 'It's absolutely ridiculous. I'm sure people aren't going to change their mind'
Kim Kardashian took her family to Jerusalem's Old City on Monday for the baptism of their nearly two-year-old daughter North . The reality TV star took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building . Archbishop Aris Shirvanian confirmed North's baptism .
Man, 44, walked into Great Manchester Police Chadderton station to complain . He wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced on his holiday . Man had recently returned to the UK from holiday in Algeria .
German police investigating whether woman sickeningly claimed to be related to a victim of last month's Germanwings air disaster . Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash which killed all 150 people on board .
Jared Quirk, 18, died on Friday in Athens, Greece, while walking with friends . Rockland High School senior became third student in six months to die in Greece . Death follows that of Joshua Rose, 17, who died on October 1 . Patrick Sullivan, 17, was killed in three-car pileup on New Year's Eve .
When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . During an ultrasound, doctors told the family it was a critical period, but a week later they were thrilled to bring her home . Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside her four-year-old daughter Elizabeth .
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday . That estimate comes from Slice Intelligence, measuring digital commerce by tracking consumer e-receipts . Its data from online shoppers showed an average of 1.3 watches bought per customer, with $503.83 (£337) spent per item - although Apple has not officially confirmed any sales figures .
Mr Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit . The Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners, he said . But he refused to rule out cuts, saying: 'We're not going to hit, or take money away from, the disabled. We're going to protect people who are pensioners'
Bosnian town of Buzim has more than 200 sets of twins in the population . At least 21 sets were born during Bosnia's 1992-95 civil war . Mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative to turn it into a tourist attraction .
Teenager was 'accidentally' high on super-strength cannabis . He was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred . Tilly had to be put to sleep when RSPCA inspectors found her . Teenager admitted causing unnecessary suffering and was banned from keeping animals for ten years .
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness - and one in 20 suffer some sort of complication . Last year Which? said not all clinics are properly explaining the risks involved .
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol - normally vodka . 43-year-old businessman was convicted of charges against him at Old Bailey . Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes . He was found guilty of forcing a teen to perform sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation involving girls aged 12 to 15 .
Sports car icons Porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in the Australia Outback . The video depicts the 918 Spyder rocketing down a dead-straight stretch of road on the Stuart Highway, north of Alice Springs . It was driven by Kiwi professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ The $900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350k/h top speed in just 40 seconds .
Stephanie Scott was due to get married to partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley . The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before her scheduled wedding . Vincent Stanford, a school cleaner, was charged with her murder on Thursday . He has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators in the Netherlands . Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott's remains were found .
Video shows elephants assisting along a path - five of which walk in single file . Young elephant stops to dawdle as it reaches grass and uses its trunk to pick something up off the floor before setting off again . Moments later the elephant breaks its tail-to-trunk chain .
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page . The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made .
Post has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place . It warns that bikes will be 'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building previously used by the Greek Orthodox Church . Lecturer Dr Rupert Thompson said there were inaccuracies in the Greek warning with one word having the opposite meaning to that intended .
The 42-year-old royal was making an appearance at the Woman Awards . She was wearing a backless sequinned dress with a sharply defined back . The actress, Salma Hayek, was there to receive an award .
Beer is booming at discount supermarket chain Aldi, according to research . Tesco still has biggest share of the lucrative market, which is worth £490million . Research shows the supermarket is luring customers away from Tesco . Waitrose is Britain's sixth biggest supermarket with its performance in 2015 .
Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday that he'll be retiring this summer . The veteran newsman began at the political affairs show 'Face the Nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang . On Wednesday, he tweeted 'Great talking journalism at @TCU tonight'
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . She chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture . A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector . The video was posted on the scientist's brain Talks website .
The video shows a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns . All of the women are fully veiled making it hard to identify individuals . It is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State . The video was filmed at the St Simeon's Church, around 60 km from Syria .
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm Friday . The male roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house . Two hours later, Briel was arrested in a church parking lot and charged with first-degree murder .
Mohammed Emwazi, now known as Jihadi John, was planning to join different terror group in Somalia, source says . But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members . Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with beheading videos posted online . Syrian, 29, claims he was obsessed with al-Shabaab and constantly spoke about fighting in Africa . He is believed to have been killed in a U.S. drone strike three years ago .
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case . The case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward . Dr Mulford spoke of the royal commission set up to look at institutional failures and child sex abuse but made it clear the school had not been called to give evidence .
Mike and Susan Fortuna are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy . They claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin . The cause of death was not entirely conclusive and was ruled as atypical pneumonia .
Mackenzie Moretter, who has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome, had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she'll never forget . Her parents sent invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP . Over 700 people joined an event titled, 'Mackenzie,' in which the youngster's skull didn't form completely, causing brain damage .
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years . She found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York . From one window into another, she snaps a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his London flat .
Former diplomat Richard Graham accused of posting tweets to 'ingratiate himself' with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’ Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January while trying to protect a group of girls . The trial, due to take place in Bristol, was originally set for Bristol Crown Court, 30 miles from Gloucester . But after Mr Graham called for it to be moved in House of Commons, it was transferred to Gloucester Crown Court . It was later switched back to in Bristol following objections that Gloucester would struggle to stage such an
The new research was carried out by the Department of Urology at the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan . Its co-founder Dr Claire Guest said the charity's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting prostate and bladder cancer . Two dogs sniffed the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year .
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW . The mother of two was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR . Her husband Alan posted on her Facebook page: ‘It is by far the hardest I will ever need to’
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa . More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed after trouble spread a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban . Immigrants have complained about lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back .
Claims were made by a Korean analyst during a note to investors . He said next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook . It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a click and responds accordingly . Apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday . And in addition to 300 new emojis, Apple also rolled out Wi-Fi Calling on more networks .
Rebecca Sedwick, 12, leaped to her death from the roof of a Florida cement factory in September 2013 - but charges were dropped when police could not find any evidence . Her family has now filed a lawsuit against Sheriff Grady Judd and Deputy Jonathan McKinney . They accused the sheriff's office of maliciously branding the girl a 'stigmatunity for media attention'
A pair of turkey-sized ‘egg thief lizards’ dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s . Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001 . One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . It has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the 'lovers'
Footage shows men wearing Guantanamo jumpsuits with hands and feet in chains . They are blindfolded and filmed in back of a van while ISIS militant decked in guards . One by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter dressed completely in black .
Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog on Saturday's episode . Ofcom also received 35 complaints, while ITV received a further 35 complaints . RSPCA will be contacting Britain's Got Talent ‘to ascertain what methods were used’
Carroll High School senior Claudetteia Love is one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana . Love was going to the prom with a group of friends and no date, but all of them have decided not to go after the school's principal told her that she wouldn't be allowed to wear a tuxedo . The decision was not acted on by the school faculty .
Noelle Reno split up with her partner of five years before he fell . The 31-year-old labels his death a 'suicide', pre-empting any coroner’s verdict . Inquest into the death was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it .
Up to 90 per cent of people with REM behavior disorder (RBD) will develop a neurological condition within a decade of being diagnosed . Those with the condition move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams . They physically move limbs or even get up and engage in activities associated with waking . This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around and punching opponents in their beds .
Sarah Owen, 21, was attacked by boyfriend Preston Wright, 23, with a knife . He then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman, Oklahoma . Police were met by a boy, thought to be Wright's brother, at the scene . They were trying to move Owen's belongings out of a garage when an argument broke out, according to the man's younger brother .
Raiders foiled by employee who barricaded door and fled on motorbike . Employee pushed one back through broken window and threatened public with axe . Incident took place in Pemberton, a suburb of Wigan in Greater Manchester .
The city of Naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government moved the capital from Yangon . Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the city, which looks more like no man's land than a booming metropolis . Official records state the population is just over 924,000, though any photographs would beg to differ .
Sidonie, a well known band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela . In the video, their lead singer strums a ukulele as they serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty .
Julie Walters, 49, posed as council warden and church official to steal . Was caught on CCTV loitering in a communal hall of a retirement property . An 80-year-old man and a woman, 81, were also caught in two separate attacks . Walters has been jailed for two and half years at Minshull Street Crown Court .
Celebrities have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure . FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips .
The fireball was fired from the wooden trebuchet - the world's largest working siege machine - at Warwick Castle . Hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from the building after it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday . Witness Heather Taylor, 42, said: 'There was a lot of panic and people were scrambling up the bank because they had no idea if the fire would spread'
Air Malta jet tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport . The special flight was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline's pilots . Arrivs' board at Malta International Airport provided some clues as to the reason behind the unusual flight path .
Todd Phillips, 40, struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana . He only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches . It was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 .
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine . 'We want to put the minds of holidaymakers at ease by showing that jellyfish are not as harmful as they may appear,' says tourism group . The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked .
Puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912 . The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February, his family said . He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London . She stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011 . Duchess, 33, wowed in floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes .
Dr Michael Davidson, 44, was targeted and fatally shot by Stephen Pasceri, 55, on January 20 at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital . The heart surgeon's widow, Dr Terri Halperin, said her late husband was looking forward to meeting his new baby daughter . Dr Davidson was born April 4 and his wife, who is seven months pregnant, gave birth to their fourth child, a baby girl .
Hamza Parvez, 22, has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in Syria . Known as Abu Hamza al-Britani, the loveless British Pakistani fighter recently moved back to the ISIS de-facto capital city of Raqqa in Syria to find love . He is now living with his friend and close friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki, who recently married a Belgian man .
Families across China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages . Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink . In Shaanxi Province, a huge outdoor celebration was held in honour of the 'Yellow Emperor' Huang Di, considered the founding father of the Chinese nation . The festival falls in the first week of April every year, and is one of 24 Chinese solar terms .
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment' Three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident . Tories have warned that Labour could 'sell out' Britain in a deal with the SNP .
Ed Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent according to pollsters Ipsos MORI . The Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent, according to the poll . Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a 'capable leader' But almost two-thirds say the PM isn't in touch with their lives . Ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on just 10 per cent .
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad . It comes ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12 . Service will be available for iOS devices along with Apple TV and on Phones and iPads . Comes as Apple believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch .
Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries . He was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display . The building was home to Marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum by his family .
Singer Pink hit back at those who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event recently . Chrissy, 29, posted the picture of her thighs with clear stretch marks on Instagram . Fans praised the singer on Twitter, saying she was happy with her body .
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country . The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to provide offshore accommodation to Manus Island detainees . It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau . According to Defence figures released in 2012, the $100 million vessel has an average running cost of $201,621 each day .
Liam Dawe, of Tavistock, Devon, was born a healthy baby but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' At an inquest into his death, coroner Ian Arrow said: 'His health was compromised (by the assault) and he died earlier than expected'
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife Maureen to one year and a day . He was convicted in September of accepting $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc CEO Jonnie Williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements . The couple remain free while they pursue separate appeals . Prosecutors said McDonnell's actions fit the definition of 'official acts' even better than those taken by former Louisiana Rep. William Jefferson .
Anti-Islam protests turned violent after clashes with anti-racism activists and opponents of the group in Melbourne . 16 rallies were scheduled to take place, but Sydney and Melbourne drew the biggest crowd . Two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - which could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
Remy Dufrene, 3, drowned after falling into a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon . His father, who was in the bathroom at the time, ran outside and jumped into the water to try and look for his son but it took him 15 minutes to find him . The family now says they are taking comfort knowing their boy is in a better place, but are still in shock . 'It's just, it's tragic. I hope never anyone has to go through what I'm going through right now,' said the boy's father .
Staff at Windsor Castle say they earn as little as £14,700 despite working 'country's richest family' Staff also asked to perform extra duties for free, such as leading tours . Now, 76 wardens have voted 'overwhelmingly' in favour of industrial action .
Four police officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man in Hyde Park . He was pushed down just yards from a police sign which read: 'Possession of cannabis is illegal' The 420 Day festival is a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws . Many protestors handed out cannabis leaf-shaped fliers and carried signs . One sign read: "Ed Miliband wouldn't want his own children criminalised for cannabis possession'
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations cut aid . The UK's aid budget is now nearly double France's and Spain's . Greece, which is dependent on bailouts from the EU and IMF, put up aid budget .
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate . A spokesperson for the couple said her parents, fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are 'overjoyed to witness their daughter usher in the next generation'
Tanguy Pepiot had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon, who competes for the University of Oregon . But at track meet Saturday, a crowd of more than 3,000 saw the distance evaporated . Simon headed back to help his rival after he collapsed to the ground in defeat . His time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
Almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean over the weekend . Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel . 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy vessels . Nine bodies were recovered after boat carrying more than 150 people capsized .
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to widespread use of public restrooms . Experts say festival-goers run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A . Even nicer-looking facilities are also at risk of germs and bacteria .
Google Wallet will now store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service in multiple federally-insured banking institutions . Wallet, along with PayPal and Venmo, is not legally required to be federally insured . With the change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything was to happen to the company like bankruptcy .
Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 . But they now account for 8.7% of that group in 2013, according to a Pew report . Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up a third of the population . Black immigrants tend to be older, more likely to have a college degree .
Documentary slammed by Hollywood star John Travolta is unlikely to be aired in UK because of fears that the broadcaster could be exposed to libel claims . Lawyers have warned that the documentary might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic because of differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland . The Alex Gibney-directed film was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release . But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely .
Those living in the Esher and Walton constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900 . The other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies are Chesham and Amersham . Stoke-on-Trent Central had the lowest bills, at £2,100 - eight times lower than those in Esher .
Twelve mass graves were found last Wednesday on the late Saddam Hussein's presidential compound . Teams began the gruesome task of uncovering the bodies of the young army recruits . Bodies showed Iraqis that ISIS fighters were a threat to new kind of foe . But now it seems their final resting place may have been discovered .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour three weeks ago . He is less than a day away from achieving his $80,000 target . His family found a Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . Friends of the teenager have thanked thousands of people on GoFundMe .
Afzal Khan is accused of conning customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the US . Agents hunting the 32-year-old fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . If convicted, he could face a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a multi-million dollar fine .
Nicolas Diaz, 81, reportedly intervened after his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend, Kevin Rivera, got into a dispute at their home in Brooklyn, New York, on Sunday . The recently separated couple had just returned to the apartment after celebrating the infant's first birthday . Diaz allegedly stabbed Rivera with a knife, before fleeing the scene . When medics arrived at the Bushwick property, they discovered Mr Rivera . He was rushed to Woodhull Medical Center, but despite medics' best efforts, was later pronounced dead
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age at school in Lancashire . Police powerless to act because the age of criminal responsibility in England is ten, so charges cannot be brought against boy . Mother has now had to move girl, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, to another school .
Russia was justified in deporting 45-year-old for breaking immigration laws . Robert Muradeli, from Georgia, had married in Penza and had a son in 1995 . But European Court of Human Rights rules Russian authorities did not breach rules . It follows years of Tory frustration over a clause to block deportation .
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlets, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone . Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however no trace of the duo has been found . The couple's campsite was intact, with their two vehicles, trailers and four-wheel drive quad bike parked at the site were also unharmed . It is unclear how many more mines will need to be searched .
Timothy Norris-Jones had previously attacked his mother two times . Left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist, court heard . The 59-year-old told police injuries were caused when she fell . He was arrested after victim's carer returned home and called police . Judge Noel Lucas, sentencing, branded the attack 'horrific' and added: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
Re-Solv has called on Sterling to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . Sterling is seen sucking on orange balloon then laughing and giggling . The video emerged days after he was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe .
Walter Scott was killed by a white police officer in South Carolina last week . Victim Levar Jones, 36, was unarmed and had his back to the officer . State trooper Sean Groubert, 31, has been sacked and charged with felony assault . Mr Jones said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police .
Kim Copeland was walking home from Sainsbury’s store in Coventry . 52-year-old threw used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came 'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . She was then issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following incident last year . But she refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated . After failing to pay, she received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court on March 17 and was fined £
The cannabinoid, also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri . Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness .
Annabel Karmel has shred her tips on how to make your children love vegetables . She used to share her son's recipes at his nursery and it felt so good to be a fussy eater . Karmel says giving your children a limited number of foods will escalate fussiness . But giving them lots of praise when they ate well or tried something new .
Alison Saunders accused of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear stench of cover-up that lingers over case . She fought back saying it was her job to make 'very difficult decisions' But row showed no sign of abating as further details of claims levelled against 86-year-old Labour life Peer were made public . Her decision not to charge Janner despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified .
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our batteries can run for . Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . The reports were made by Alistair Barr in the Wall Street Journal . Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid set out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in UK as well as abroad . If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator .
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft drug smuggling' The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed 'Execution Island' in Java . Brand posted that the Australians have done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad . His cousin Niranjela Karunatilake last visited her cousin on death row in February .
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge to win for third time . Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley . But after years of campaigning for equal billing, they were given equality .
27-year-old mother charged with child neglect after daughter's death . Baby found on floor of roach infested apartment with bites on legs and head . Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell admitted to laying the baby on floor . Autopsy listed sudden unexplained infant death with the manner of death undetermined .
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal . They felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises .
Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to Scottish nationalists . He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge . Other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are Charles Kennedy, Ross, Skye and Lochaber, and Sir Menzies Campbell .
Video shows Francis Pusok, 30, falling off alleged horse he was suspected of stealing . Two deputies catch up to him and stun him with their Tasers, before beating him . As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch . One clearly draws back his leg and swings it at suspect's head, before deputy whispered: 'This isn't over' Now, she is launching an internal investigation into officers' alleged roles .
160,000 people crammed into Churchill Downs on May 1st and 2nd have banned selfie sticks by attendees . Selfie sticks are banned in a growing list of museums, music festivals and sports venues around the world . Coachella, Lollapalooza, Coachella and National Gallery of Art in Washington also prohibit selfie sticks .
Catalina Viejo, 31, from New York, paints miniature pictures of celebrity bottoms . The bite-sized series is titled 'A View of the End' and is on display at the SHAG Gallery in Brooklyn, New York . She names each work with just the celebrity's first name, making each piece more personal .
Robert De Niro, 71, said if Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises' He was joined by American producer and Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal . In 2006, while promoting The Good Shepherd, he appeared on Hardball opposite Matt Damon in Fairfax, Virginia .
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and customers . This was a 'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex . One branch was led by Thailand-based Stephen Laverick, but his ex-wife was in charge of day-to-day operations in the UK . Family members and friends were recruited to assist with the massive criminal enterprise . Proceeds were laundered or obtained through fraud by all of the defendants .
Elena Udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she accepted bribes worth £1.3m . She was indicted along with seven other people, including former tourism minister Ion Ariton, who was charged with abuse of power . The centrist politician, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her .
'radiance pads' promise to retexturise and brighten skin and do away with fine lines and age spots . With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test .
Murdered preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, lured to London street on promise of quote . But when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat and shot him several times . Murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination on Tuesday . Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers investigating whether Mr Murwani was murdered on the orders of the regime . They suspect the part-time builder was tricked into driving to Wembley to quote – but killer was put off when his teenage son along .
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry, 28, was caught on camera berating a tow truck company employee in Arlington, Virginia, on April 6 . Incredibly, the woman was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her rant and threatened to 'play your video' The reporter has been suspended from her position for one week and could face further punishment .
Government sent Metropolitan police to Wales in lead-up to 1969 investiture . Nationalist groups had set off series of bombs at Caernarfon Castle ceremony .
Swastika and word 'scum' sprayed in white paint on window of offices in Aberdeen . Ross Thomson posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch . He said the party was 'really upset' and just wanted people to engage in debate . Comes six months after buildings were defaced in run up to the Scottish Referendum .
Birmingham police responded to a call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday . The suspect, who hasn't been named, drove the best part of a mile to the 4600 block of 8th Avenue Wylm where he abandoned the car . While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle . He was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best
Radioactive element lawrencium currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table . It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time . If it is redrawn, chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
Indonesia tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals . Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico is third . Deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos . The maps were designed by London-based Eco Experts using data from the World Bank's World Development Indicator . Lancaster University recently surveyed households in the cities of Borba and Novo Aripuan .
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself into police Saturday and is held on $750,000 for attempted murder and related charges . Coleman struck Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, and her uncle Damon Watson, 37, in her 2004 white Dodge Durango . 'I turned and the car threw me. She hit me on the side. I bounced off the car,' said family members . Spence was taken to hospital in critical condition, where she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee .
Interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region, as well as its source . Researchers at Yale University have documented subtle differences in sentence structure across the US . They say variation may be found among speakers who live in a certain region, or belong to a particular social or ethnic group .
Ryan Skivington took guinea pigs out of cage during row with girl's mother . He also damaged a TV and iPad worth £740 during the February 12 attack . Magistrates bailed him so pre-sentence reports can be prepared .
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego . He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February .
Amanda Butler's son Callum was born at just 25 weeks into his mother's pregnancy . He underwent heart surgery, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions . Mrs Butler was later diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis (BV) BV affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush . If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increase risk of STIs such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia .
Madonna's croc 'dealer' purse has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan . The pop star shared a picture of her new bag on Instagram on Sunday . FEMAIL takes a look at worst offenders in the luggage department .
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . His death from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice . The love story it tells was unknown until 2000 when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery of letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner .
The map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite . Lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans . This is because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water, so there is greater atmospheric instability . For example, lightning occur over land . regardless of where you are in the world, lightning bolts are at their most powerful at 8am .
The Rudd family have left their home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million . The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica . It features a kangaroo and emu emblem in pride of place on the veranda's lattice - twice . Kevin Rudd and Therese Rein raised their three children, Jessica, Marcus and Nicholas .
Sarah Hulbert worked for Bates College President A. Clayton Spencer for a little more than a month in the summer of 2012 . She claims she was fired for having 'no pizzazz' and was treated differently from her male co-workers . The 59-year-old Auburn woman has filed a discrimination lawsuit against the college claiming 'gender discrimination' and a human loss .
Mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for third year in a row . It was a hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards . Judges gave the award ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday .
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls . He was questioned by police but never charged over an alleged criminal offence . Officers refused to accept the treats, saying that would also constitute bribe . Mr Rose, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, says furore could help him win seat .
Youngster's mother left buggy in lobby as usual on Sunday evening . But when she went to retrieve stroller the following morning it had disappeared . Prince George's County Police have released surveillance footage . Video appears to show dark-haired white male dressed in a jacket and pants .
Cathleen Hackney, 56, allegedly told two different funeral directors there were no objections to her son being cremated after his death in 2010 . No-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland after it happened without his father's knowledge, jurors heard . Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains, and two counts of signing false certificates .
Trinity Culley secretly watched TV's 'One Born Every Minute' in her bedroom . The 10-year-old secretly viewed the programme against her parents' wishes . But when her waters broke two weeks early, she sprang into action . Her parents were desperately trying to arrange for a lift to hospital . She calmly collected towels and assured her everything would be okay .
Providenciales tops the Travellers’ Choice Awards for 2015 with Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras . The rankings are based on the quantity and quality of reviews from users around the world . Winners determined using an algorithm that considers the quantity of reviews and ratings for each island’s hotels, restaurants and attractions . Santorini in Greece, which was Europe’s only other entry, was named the best island in Europe .
Khloe, 30, showcased her squat physique by holding up a barbell . The ex-wife of Lamar Odom wore a body hugging black jumpsuit . She has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling regime .
The images were taken by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away . They show that two mysterious bright flashes on Ceres have different thermal properties . The spots named feature 1 and feature 5, show up in visible light images as bright as in comparison to the rest of the dwarf planet's surface .
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . The condition is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .
Disturbing images show three men sat with their backs turned away from gunmen . Huge crowd - including children - gathered to witness public killings . Three men accused of murdering couple during robbery earlier today . Killers then fired successive shots into back of the prisoners' heads .
Mother and ten ducklings had crossed office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands . Staff had spotted them and dashed to help them cross the busy high street . But they didn't bargain for the ducks who followed them back to the office . They ushered the family out of a back door to safety then disappeared into a park . Resourcer Melissa Patrick, 18, said it had the whole office in stitches .
Jason McDonald, 34, walked the thin slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 alligators at the Colorado Gator Farm . Crematory manager Josh Beaudoin, who likes to walk the line up in the air, said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures .
Authorities order destruction of infected birds and eggs in Telangana, India . H5N1 virus caused deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry . The virus spread from Asia into Europe and Africa in 2005-2006 . India has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 .
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent, who were married for more than three decades, were dubbed 'Mr and Mrs Music' So when Trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . But he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory . He says: 'I banned Hatch from attending Jackie's cremation. I wouldn't contest that'
Plaintiff Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights . Johnson claims a supervisor at the Hooters 'told her to put highlights in my hair, blonde in particular' An arbitrator recently ruled in Johnson's favor and she has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages .
Bouvier's red colobus monkey was thought to have died out 50 years ago . Image captured by researchers Lieven Devreese and Gal Elie Gnondo Gobolo . Shows monkey with a mother with her young in the remote rain forests of Congo . Scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis .
Scientists in China have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells . Technique known as CRISPR can search through DNA and replace specific genes or remove them . The defective BRAC1 gene results in inherited breast and ovarian cancer . By repairing the gene, the resulting egg could be made healthy .
EE has launched Wi-Fi Calling feature to facilitate calls and texts . The technology paves the way for commuters to use the internet . Phone users on iPhone will see the feature appear in the phone's settings .
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes, who lost limbs in the 2013 marathon, today opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker . They called for life in prison without parole or appeals to ensure Tsarnaev 'disappears from our collective consciousness as soon as possible' The Richards have made a moving op-ed for the Boston Globe, published last Tuesday, a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death .
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . The father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . Costa told taxi company that he was searching for a woman who had abducted a young boy . Magistrate Peter Orr insisted that Costa’s actions were due to serious worry and concern .
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012 . He was wearing a bulletproof vest during firearms training Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said . Taken to hospital in critical condition but died hours later . Because the Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the incident, few details of the shooting have been released .
In the summer of 2014 Avril Lavigne, 30, started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her . Turns out the Complicated hit maker was suffering from Lyme disease, which The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have .
Maison Souquet is inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the Belle Epoque . Situated steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre, it is situated in the once tawdy Pigalle district . The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of 'stars' and can be booked out for private use .
German discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession . Now lags behind only the 'big four' – Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Co-operative . Aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from January and the end of March . This compares to 3 per cent growth for Waitrose, lifting its share .
Model Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram . The 29-year-old sports star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session . Hundreds of women have proudly posted images of their own stretch marks .
Proposal would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences . If introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain .
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for wedding . But she was arrested at Heathrow when they returned from honeymoon . She stole £35,000 from previous employer, PriceWaterhouseCoopers, where she worked . After being jailed for a year, she was convicted of fraud twice before . Old Bailey heard she had stolen money from neighbour using colleague's signature .
The Darwin woman moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work . Natalia Moon became fluent in the local language Tagalog to score a role . The 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family' She will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance by An Actress .
Princess Eugenie strode through the streets of New York with a friend . The 25-year-old looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat . She protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses .
Students at St Peter's College were treated sewage water from a bubbler for more than a year . The water was inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain . Students would have been at a greater risk of gastroenteritis due to the presence of a parasite, Cryptosporidium . An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students .
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University, Georgia, and driven off in a patrol car . It shows her surrounded by protesters, who demand their property be returned to student demonstrators . In response, Manhart says the flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
Narcocon, a Scientology-linked drug rehab network, is trying to prove that a patch of land near Camp David is historic enough so that they can build a center for twelve patients . The group's treatment program claims that megadoses of the vitamin Niacin and spending five hours a day in a sauna for a month eliminates addiction cravings that are stored in the body's fat cells .
The two-storey Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province . Owner Zhu Ze, 50, bought the air purifiers earlier this year for around 100,000 yuan (£1,080)
Lib Dem leader promises to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction . cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises . But he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax amid concern it could cost party support in key seats in affluent parts of London .
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson . Said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . Mr Robertson, who is co-ordinating the Nationalists’ General Election campaign, has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone, he claimed .
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of Channel 4 . Last year it split opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism' Locals claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area . Housing association says the works were planned well in advance .
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee . He donated money to find the Discovery Park of America education center . His son Chris said: 'He was a man who loved learning'
Tabitha Bennett 'sent daughter a Facebook message saying she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl' She 'put the 13-year-old girl on her upper left side and pulled her to the ground by her hair' and continued to fight her, according to police . Bennett allegedly encouraged the fight but denied kicking the girl - saying she may have kicked her own daughter instead'
Trio were captured taking huge leaps as sun went down over Portland Rock, off the coast of Weymouth in Dorset . Professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below . The wind can play a major factor, threatening to blow the bikers off course whilst in the air .
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch a dating app for lesbians . 28-year-old grew up in Kent but struggled to find a girlfriend . Decided to create her own app when the ones that weren't up to the job . Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters but app has since gone into decline . Channel 4 documentary How To Be a Young Billionaire follows three young adults as they attempt to make a success out of their apps in San Francisco .
Louisiana State University students found with nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine . Deputies also found a total of 100 cases of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel . The four young men told sheriff's deputies they were heading to Gulf Shores to meet 'a larger group of people for the week of spring break'
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year and she accepted . On their big night, the juniors were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' Since the image was shared on Facebook on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked the image .
Jenna Louise Driscoll was leaving Brisbane's City Watch House on Saturday . The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . She was arrested on Friday afternoon after turning up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions .
Sharky Jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State . The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio on Wednesday . Tributes to the jihadist have flooded social media . Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a 10-year brain tumour . Husband Paul says she was forced out of post after drawing attention to management blunders which cost licence-fee payers £150,000 . Legal experts described case as 'highly unusual'
Marty Stroud visited Ford at his home to apologize to the prosecutor . The 65-year-old was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after his release . Ford was released from prison in Angola last year . State ruled that Ford was not entitled to $330,000 compensation .
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night . It is believed to be the 26-year-old bride-to-be who went missing just days before she was due to marry fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley . Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory . Social media users flooded the internet with images of yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchO
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters . 17 production services companies have already established locations that rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar or Prometheus . The black volcanic landscapes of Svartalfheim provided the filmmakers of Thor: The Dark World with the perfect otherworldly setting .
Tulip Siddiq is standing for Labour in Hampstead - most marginal seat in UK . Former aide to Ed Miliband was at Kremlin with her aunt, leader of Bangladesh . But Tories accused her of trying to conceal links to Putin and Sheikh Hasina . Tories also said she deleted postings and photographs on her blog .
Claudia Lawrence, 35, was last seen in North Yorkshire in March 2009 . North Yorkshire Police arrested 47-year-old man on suspicion of perverting course of justice . He provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation . Detectives have carried out a number of searches including her home and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house .
Rona Fairhead, 53, wants to stay for a least another year . Two major investors and shareholder group have voted to get rid of her . She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions . Claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions .
Julian Assange has said that the data leaked belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company . This comes after Wikileaks built a database of 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from Sony Pictures in November . The leak could spell fresh embarrassment for Sony so soon after they hoped the dust had settled on the matter .
Paul Allen's vision is to create a giant air pad in the sky, allowing payloads to reach space faster and at a lower cost than existing technologies . Stratolaunch aircraft will be powered by six 747-class engines, is currently being assembled at Mojave, California . Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000 km) above Earth .
Comedian Chris Sussman revealed particular jokes must go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved, he said . Some jokes even must be looked over by director general Lord Hall before they are aired . Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence - like in Sachsgate scandal .
Grant Allen travelled first class around the world with girlfriend Gaynor Godwin . 38-year-old bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money . Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010 . He also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 worth £7,600 .
Jason Cotterill, 42, sent revenge porn to his jilted lover's daughter . He also threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page . The mother said her life became a living 'hell' when he bombarded her . 'It wasn't nice for my daughter. It was my past - years ago. My kids didn't need to know about that'
Daisy, 26, is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up . Was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her 'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence . Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents, and will only enter the caravan park under police protection . 'We try and get children out of there as quickly as we can,' said Senior Sergeant Mark Anderson .
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home . Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November . The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday .
Princess Beatrice was in the Gulf state, ruled by controversial king with boyfriend . Sir Jackie Stewart and comedian Rory Bremner were among dignitaries . The 26-year-old was walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain, a witness said .
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with human employees without the need for safety fences . It uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans . This automatically stops if it touches an operator and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation . The robot can lift up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines .
Kelly Osbourne wrote in her book A Letter to My Mom that she was 'ignorant and adamant about creating my "own" identity' In the book, Kelly wrote that celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all wrote messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .
Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection, a federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour . The jury found Storey liable for some $240,000 of the damages and the county liable the rest . 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the 'most gorgeous thing alive'
Filipino Victorino Chua spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' In 13-page document Chua said he might 'explode' at any time, 'if I will be pushed' He is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport . His lawyers say the document is not a confession but an 'outlet for his anger'
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery to 'restore' virginity with 'Good Friday' Image, one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over Easter weekend, attracted 750 'likes' Instagram users fumed: 'You have lost my total respect, at least one in your list of followers' The model shot to fame after winning the Miss BumBum contest in 2014 .
Lee Thompson co-founded The Flash Pack, a small group flashpacking tour company in Sapa, Vietnam this month . He photographs a man carrying more than 20 live chickens in weaved baskets perched on the back of his scooter . In Sapa alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in western country .
Claudia Martins, 33, convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter . Court heard she had a 'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' Martins had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family . She 'intended' to dispose of the baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag . But was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived at her home . Three days later she found towels soaked in blood and the body of a baby girl, which was between 35 and 36 weeks gestation 
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with a distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins . But when he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired' – and told him senior nurse was on a break . Nurses’ alleged inaction occurred despite NHS’s own campaign six years ago - standing for Face, Arms, Speech, Time .
The winning punter discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening . He and his wife had been 'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result . Two winning Oz Lotto tickets were purchased from Mittagong Newsagency .
Police say Earl Arthur Olander who lived alone in a home in rural Minnesota was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked . They have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest . Neighbours have spoken of Mr Olander as a 'stand-up person' and wonderful role model .
Gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin . She said she didn't want to ruin her daughter's life so she agreed to marry him so that he could live a shame-free life in the Afghan capital's 'traditional' society . Gulndaz's brothers insisted she wouldn't be allowed to return to her 'shamed' family as she was unmarried .
Trio, armed with a large cinder block, went on a rampage through a car dealership in Dearborn Heights, Michigan, causing thousands of dollars worth of damage . Freddy Ali, owner of La Marina Auto Sales, said he just wants to know why his business was targeted . The dealership has previously suffered minor damage but nothing on the same scale .
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College . He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse . Coach said he was looking forward to bringing 'some new ones'
Vijaya Gadde said Twitter had let internet abuse go ‘unchecked’ She said the social network had tripled the size of the team dealing with online abuse . Study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter .
Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers met with 'announcement' on big TV screen . 30 staff told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne . DFAT is planning to cut 500 jobs by June this year .
Annette Edwards, a former Playboy model, holds the record for the world's biggest rabbit, with different animals . Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st — the king of the Continental Giant breed . Darius seems nonchalant about his world record — and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son, Jeff .
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans . A male suspect, later identified as 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a 'tussle' with officers . Devillier had two weapons on him at the time of his arrest . He is believed to have returned fire, but it was unclear whether he was wounded .
Fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain as he and Yassin James were hunted by police for gunning down Sabrina Moss in the street on a night out . The men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar . Judge Stephen Kramer QC today sentenced her to 18 months imprisonment and 24 months for lying to police, but suspended the sentence for two years .
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns at her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah . She was today handed six terms of five years to life - but family members rallied round her as she 'cold and calculated' crimes were recounted to the court . Three of her daughters will run consecutively, which means she will spend at least 15 years in prison - and likely much longer .
Zeus, a German Shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in Connecticut on Wednesday . He was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . The 11-year-old was taken to Ridgefield Veterinary Clinic where he was to be euthanized .
Hayley Okines, 17, died earlier this month from progeria in East Sussex . Prince Charles wrote to her parents saying she was 'an inspiration to millions' More than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered for her funeral today .
Marianne has tried the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene . The fork facial is made from metal that make different sounds when struck . Marianne says the results mean that your face looks younger, brighter and more toned .
Shadow chancellor says he won't make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' Comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS what it needed . But Labour has refused to match Tories' £8billion budget boost demanded by chief executive . Mr Balls said: 'I will save the NHS but I'm not going to make promises'
Two planes landed perfectly in sync at San Francisco International Airport . As they exit the cloud and approach the runway, a quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot . The two aircrafts come astonishingly close to those relaxing on Maho Beach in the territory of Sint Maarten .
Hoaxer claimed the old Star Wars films are anti-women, anti-gay and homophobic . Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to appear on the programme World Have Your Say . He was looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them . But despite the fact that he is a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the programme . BBC has apologised and said it is investigating the hoaxer's claims .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, will become oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world . She will use both donated sperm and eggs to have her latest pregnancy . The English and Russian teacher, who is due to retire this year, says she is 'still quite fit'
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Stephanie Scott . The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . A spokeswoman for Mortein told Daily Mail Australia the post has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused .
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and it ended up in the ends of Li Hongjun in southeastern China . Stopera asked himself, 'Who is this man, and why are his pictures showing up in my phone?'
Study claims Kola fireball had 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid . 2014 UR116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments .
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone . It was originally an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it . The case will feature an eight-way D-pad, two action buttons, a Start and Select button, and a battery that can be charged through the phone .
Davion Only, 16, has spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . Three years after his emotional plea he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' he has finally found a permanent home with his old caseworker Connie Bell Going . 'I know God hasn't given up on me, so I'm not giving up either,' she said .
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington . Police say the 1-year-old girl was brain dead and care was withdrawn Saturday night . Authorities don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured .
The unidentified woman walked on to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side just before noon on Monday . She climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . Emergency services were called to the scene at about 11.50am and two lanes of the Brooklyn-bound side of Kaosciusko Bridge as officers tried to keep her calm . Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, connecting Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens . A witness said
Deputy PM says he wants to avoid repeat of battling against 'ideological gimmicks' of Michael Gove over his education reforms . Lib Dems have sought to claim the mantle as the 'party of education'
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing . He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck . On February 8, a fisherman discovered Nash's badly decomposed body in Lake Lanier . Nash suffered a gunshot wound and drowned, officials said .
Photo series by photographer Brandon Stanton captures photos of residents and their shared name . Beyoncé says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person' Thousands of Facebook comments from users who suffer from the very same problem have gone viral .
Yaakov Naumi, 32, was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school . Admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, 'look strange' He said: 'I was born and raised haredi [ultra orthodox] which allows me to understand and follow external appearances'
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister . Bernard is also the first gay man to hold the position, but did not explain why he was leaving .
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the U.S. Census Bureau . In 2012, that number was 94.9 percent; in 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children . Childlessness rates for women ages 20 to 24, ages 25 to 44 and 49.6 percent in 2012 . 28.9% of women 30 to 34 years old - the highest childless rate for that age group was 2010 .
Chris Roberts of One World Labs was grabbed after his plane landed in Syracuse, New York . FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from him and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives . He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference on Thursday . Roberts said: 'We can theorize on how to turn the engines off at 35,000 feet'
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck in January, leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder . Knight is accused of murdering his companion Terry Carter, 55, but claims he was ambushed and ran them down in an escape attempt . Sloan came to court last week strapped to a wheelchair and is being held on $25million bail .
Women applying for jobs remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package . On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men . They also ask for below what they could typically expect to earn in their industry .
Stephen Dodd took picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield . Post was reported to police who decided no criminal offence had taken place . Campaigners call for football clubs to install prayer rooms so Muslims can pray in peace .
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, angered when he said Nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history' He said: 'Marine Le Pen may want me dead, that's possible, but she must not count on my co-operation' But he has refused to step down as honorary president of the far-right party . Ms Le Pen took over the National Front from her father in 2011 and has tried to purge it of its extremists .
A home-made cake fresh from the oven is unbeatable but they can dry out . After being frozen for 24 hours, the sponge will be even bouncier than ever . Keeping fresh herbs in the freezer will intensify their flavour .
Loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moments via Instagram account HowHeAsked . Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories . One Parisian proposal was secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama . Little Eli was born premature without any nasal passages or sinus cavities . A pro-life group put the photo in an ad to promote the infant's story . The site has since reversed its decision after public protest .
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28 . An unidentified suspect is still on the run . Just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page . It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam . The boy's grandfather Jason Trammell believes the decision to print the cartoon was in 'bad taste'
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit . But as it drops closer to the planet's surface, it is sending back detailed images of the smallest planet in our solar system ever .
Carolyn Thorpe was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in Hiers-Brouage . The 20-foot ash tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007 . Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured in the accident . Tree was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee accused of carrying out abuse against female cadets . Woman claims he locked her in room and raped her as he called her a 'sweet woman' He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault . Victims threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands .
Jake Boys, 19, booked flights to Ireland, where he thought Cardiff was . Girlfriend Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, tweeted: 'Jake tried to surprise me with 1D/McBusted tickets' But she soon turned to dismay after learning boyfriend had bought tickets to Dublin .
Lawrence Tynes contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in 2013 after a surgery on an ingrown toenail . The former kicker is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages . Lawsuit claims that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' who used team's facilities .
Retired head of NHS England warns of a 'substantial financial problem' David Cameron and Nick Clegg pledge to find cash but Miliband refuses . Jeremy Hunt admits NHS faces 'significant financial challenge over next Parliament'
Hillary Clinton took the fast route home from Iowa to Newark on a three-day presidential campaign swing . She held a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party insiders who were told to surrender their cell phones and cameras . Scooby One's flight ended with a total of 10 confirmed sightings and more than 1,300 miles driven . Her handlers have been trying to portray her as an 'everywoman' eager to meet ordinary people .
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, allegedly touched nurses while working at Wirral's Hospital . He is accused of smuggling her left breast to indicate where her left ventricle was . Nurse A said he later asked her a question about the heart, which she got wrong .
Cross-dressing robber walked into service station dressed as a woman . He produced fake machine gun and demanded money from the till . Staff member handed over a quantity of cash which he placed in a bag . Police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries .
Rev Richard Coles, 52, rose to fame as half of 1980s pop band The Communards . Also enthusiasm for 'dogging' and for having sex with strangers in the open air . Said he falsely told his friends that he was HIV positive and kept up pretence .
Data from Curiosity rover shows it is possible that there is liquid water . Researchers have long known there is water in the form of ice on Mars . The reason is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice .
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from the hospital Friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder . The boy's head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions . Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with 23 staples, his mother said . Police have appealed for the public's help in finding Leo .
Just one extra meal out a week raises the odds of having high blood pressure . Singapore researchers found those who frequently eat or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension . Those who frequently dine out or fudge on takesaways were more likely . Study found that eating out extra meals away from home increased the risk of having higher blood pressure by six per cent .
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages of Ricardo Blas Junior from Guam . Guinea's wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him' He was released in March 2014 and has since been coaching judo in Stoke-on-Trent .
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . Linn drove two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo in September 30, 2012 . He poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire . 'Well again, I’m very sorry for what I did. Hopefully someday you all can forgive me. And yes I don’t like it here, you can tell
Kevin Morton, 49, admitted giving his son Kye Backhouse a painkiller . The teen, 23, was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria . Morton says he will 'have to try and live with it for the rest of my life' He could face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over the death .
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County in 1990 . Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open . A forensic artist has created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years .
Motorola's Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 . Any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April . It will then go on general sale online and exclusively on O2 stores on 23 April - the same price as Apple's cheapest Sport watch . The Moto 360 watch has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 .
Boxer posts pictures on image sharing app from behind the wheel . Came eight years after he was convicted for driving without due care . Californian law says using a mobile while driving is an offence, which can result in a fine or points on a licence . Police have yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps and if an Offence took place .
Dominika Petrinova, 27, decided to get her revenge by super gluing the waxing strips to a plastic office chair . She then cruelly promised her boyfriend, who had celebrated his birthday the day before, a special treat . He then blindfolded him and led him to the booby-trapped chair, where he was stuck by his genitals .
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding . Wedding is due to take place in two days, but exactly what it included is not known . Father Lachhu said child marriage was a common phenomenon in their society . Nearly 52 per cent of girls are married before reaching 18 years old, Indian records show .
Kimpton Hotel chain offers 'Guppy Love' program for temporary pet fish . Fish in on-site meeting rooms and banquet halls among other amenities . Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji couples 'kidnapped' for a four-course picnic .
Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own laughter as he tried not to spelt out the word 'erection' Hewer was clearly trying not to laugh when Dubliner Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin, from Brighton, both offered up the double entendre . Dr Phil Hammond saved the day with nine letter words 'recondite'
legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . In Coalition agreement, Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back 'state intrusion' But research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public . The so-called crimes include diving into Thames without authority, queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging middle lane of motorway .
GR20 is a self-guided walk through central Corsica . It runs down the mountainous spine of the island . Explores Sentiers de Transhumance, footpaths used for more than 1,000 years .
Female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Xavier Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . After the two employees returned to the office from the party, he tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement . The party, held on March 31 at the Capitol City Brewing Company, was to celebrate his recent assignment to head the Louisville Secret Service field office .
More homes are selling for more than double their original price . Average profit made on each of the successful properties was $251,696 . Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year .
The 18-year-old victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . The photo was uploaded to Facebook on Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . Berry has been removed from the facility and placed in protective custody at Macon State Prison, sparking an outrage among his relatives .
Survey by Association of School and College Leaders found 86 per cent had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects . Meanwhile, 62% had similar problems in non-core subjects and 65 per cent believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years . London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English, maths and science followed by the North West and East of England .
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo . Several British men linked to ISIS, including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi, were known to have been in contact with group while studying at UK universities .
Ethiopian Airlines flight ET607 was diverted twice to Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport . After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital, but was forced to return after the crew declared an emergency . The plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary repairs . It made an emergency landing in Mumbai due to engine trouble .
Sandstorms have caused travel chaos and blocked out sunlight in Soligorsk city of Minsk . China has suffered four massive sandstormstorms since the start of the year . Earlier this month Britain was shrouded in 'saharan dust' as temperatures soared .
Attorney General sent memo Friday to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes . Comes weeks after scathing inspector general's report found sex-related offenses in case files of FBI, DEA, ATF and US Marshals . The DOJ is investigating the accusations of sexual misconduct .
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ‘from cradle to college’ Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil . Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7 in order to win over ‘centre-ground’ Conservatives worried about funding cuts for schools .
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945, telling officers to abandon fighting or face the Allies' wrath . It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day . The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians .
The virus has been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull . The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country . But the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply . Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state .
Kefalonia has been invaded for more than 2,000 years . Romans, the Kingdom of Naples, the French, British and, during the Second World War, have all left their mark . Here family-run tavernas make this island a foodie heaven .
Irish woman, 22, allegedly raped by ex-Goldman Sachs banker Jason Lee . He forced her onto floor whilst naked in his $35,000 a month rented mansion . She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged friends to take her home . Lee, 38, denies first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault .
Malia Obama, who hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years, said the Secret Service provided security for her family . The full interview with Rachael Ray is set to air Thursday .
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 by Egyptian court . She was found guilty in case raised by private complainant . Expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail .
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in accounts . Paris criminal court said: 'The seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good' Ms Ricci boasted she changed banks to escape prosecution, buying chalet . Daughter Margot Vignat warned her about tax authorities, saying 'Watch out all the same. They're vicious'
ARTY artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron . Made from a plant rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin . 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but when their seven children came down with whooping cough, they took their ailing brood to the hospital on April 2 . Tests confirmed the respiratory infection - an infection of severe coughing spells affecting infants and children between the ages of 11 and 18 . The Hills' three eldest children were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all .
Kim Richards was arrested early Thursday morning after becoming belligerent while intoxicated at the Beverly Hills Hotel . The 50-year-old reality star was refused service by a bartender after having a few too many vodka tonics . She eventually locked herself in a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called . Kim reportedly appeared 'belligerent with slurred speech and wreaking of a strong odor of alcohol'
Bradley Dew had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent . He returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train . As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him into a wall before striking him across the face . The 26-year-old then fled the scene, and was found by police hiding in the toilets . Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at Maidstone .
Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub . Now the councillor is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations'
An account purporting to be Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . 'We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. #bringbackblanda', the tweet began . 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts . The combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations .
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft down inside of a hollowed-out tree in 2011 . Mother, Christy, 42, believes she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' Doctors said: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her' She miraculously cured of the illness that had plagued her childhood .
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, claims she was forced into marriage . Galloway is standing against him in Bradford West's Bradford West constituency . He produced a nikah, or marriage certificate, which he claims shows she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 . But Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah dated 1988 .
The 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair . It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte at the launch party for new London restaurant .
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield . 10 other care homes in Nottinghamshire said to have been physically or sexually abused . Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre, where teenage inmates were detained with the oldest claim dating back to the 1940s .
Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what's likely the Midwestern city's most famous home--a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king . Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator . Currently trying to sell the home is Indiana-born, Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening .
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated when he sees Ukip leader . He has to change the channel or he becomes 'physically sick' phobia expert says it takes hours to calm down . Mr Howarth is standing as a candidate in Thanet South and has appeared on TV .
Suncreams claim to protect the skin from the inside from infra-red A rays . Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, gives his verdict .
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office . From September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware, authorities there said . A car was found behind a robbery where he took a break in Maryland on March 9 and police arrested him as he fled .
National College for Teaching and Leadership (NCTL) is looking at 30 cases . Watchdog looking at possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff . Allegations include allegations of an al-Qaeda style video being copied . Teachers also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group . Professional hearings are set to begin next month at Birmingham schools .
Mario Draghi was left cowering behind bodyguard after being sprinkled with confetti . The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'ECB dictatorship!' He was bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front .
The island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency . Meat and fish are plentiful because the soil is very fertile . The island's seasons are similar to our own, which means cauliflower, broccoli and pumpkins in spring .
Bogan Shire Council is aiming to erect a 'big bogan' statue in the town of Nyngan . Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council and his design for the statue . The figure would be wearing a singlet, has handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod . Mr Burke said the statue would show a ‘bloke’ wearing shorts, thongs and singlet .
Classic pastry identified as perfect accompaniment to creamy latte, as well as a cinnamon swirl and pain au raisin . espressos are paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis . Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin and a plain black coffee is best drunk with glazed ring doughnut .
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of London satanic cult . Scotland Yard investigated 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner . Police are now hunting Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad, and he hopes to win custody of his children .
The IMF said the state will continue to spend more on services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament . It underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit, which hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009-10 and now stands at £90billion .
Wonga racked up £37.3million loss last year following reduction in consumer lending . Revenues declined to £217.2million in period, down by almost £100million . Just three or four payday lenders will be left standing following introduction of the rules in January . They include daily interest cap of 0.8 per cent and stricter affordability checks .
Vincent Cianni, 63, said he embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with . His photos show commonalities between subjects despite different journeys, from WW2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from Afghanistan . Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage . In 2011, Dont Ask Don't Tell was overturned, but stopped investigations and 'witch hunts' into whether soldiers were
Police said Friday that they're trying to find a couple and five children who left a North Las Vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old child was hospitalized in critical condition . If Phillips and Lachaux aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, police said . The teen is the mother of the hospitalized child and sister of the dead child, and she is being held as a juvenile on child abuse and neglect allegations .
Julie Bishop, 58, was in Perth to meet the families of SAS members . She didn't wear 66-year-old Jimmy Choo's designs with a spokesperson . The Deputy Leader of the Lib Dems wore a navy knee-length dress and a camel coloured bag . While she was sporting a graze down the front of her leg, she was wearing a cerise pink instead .
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child . The bank boss was 'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments about her childcare arrangements, she alleges . So in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded bosses at global investment firm ‘without their knowledge’, a tribunal heard .
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler . The dispute comes after Peter Longerich, a leading authority on the Holocaust and Nazi Germany, drew on the diaries for a biography called Goeberbels . Now the English edition of the biography, which includes the same entries, is due to be published on May 7 . Rainer Dresen, however, believes that paying such money would be immoral .
Norfolk Southern train was carrying dangerous form of ammonia on Friday night . Derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, sparking 1.5-mile evacuation . Incident prompted civil emergency message to be activated for residents and businesses . Thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a 'precaution', authorities said .
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - seven times higher than France’s 0.4 per cent . International Monetary Fund report says it was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become second most powerful economy in Europe . Output in France is forecast to expand by 1.2 per cent this year and 1.5 per cent next year, while Germany is set to grow by 1.6 per cent then 1.7 per cent. Within the G7, only the US is expected to perform better than Britain .
Anthony Mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse . The 78-year-old had been married to Janet for a number of years . She had asked him to end his life by killing her, a court heard .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets – at the age of 65 . The German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies, conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment . She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated, using both donated sperm and eggs .
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary . Home Office letter says Brooks, also known as Abu Izzadeen, is an extremist linked to members of the banned group Al Muhajiroun . Brooks was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence .
Ed Miliband accuses the PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government . He wants to lift point at which people start paying tax and level when 40p band kicks in . Also promised to increase NHS budget by £8billion a year, slash welfare spending . Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Ukip's Nigel Farage and SNP's Leanne Wood .
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free . A bizarre search is unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife . Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Cardinal who led service at Cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for victims . Included co-pilot Andreas Lubitz widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing plane . Investigation revealed Lubitz suffered depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide . President Joachim Gauck said: 'We can't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made' Flags flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives .
Fast food giants Burger King and Pret A Manger have announced major shake-ups . Their new concept is called Good Evenings, and runs from 6pm until 11pm . It branches out from run-of-the-mill sundaes with a pina colada smoothie . Evening dishes largely feature on Pret's lunch menu anyway .
About 9,000 people visited Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo on Saturday, with visitors lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse . Tuah, five months old, is beginning to crawl . His parents Eve and Elijah passed away just a few weeks after giving birth .
William Beggs, 54, is known as the Limbs in the Loch killer for raping and dismembering Barry Wallace, 18, in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, in 1999 . His limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea . He screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in cell attack . Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has been moved to Shotts Prison .
Only over half know who led British forces against Napoleon in 1815 . One in seven people wrongly believe the French were victorious over the UK . Survey by National Army Museum ahead of 200th anniversary on June 18 .
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing . Saudi authorities waited for child's youngest to reach adulthood to execute her . Amnesty International says her killing 'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
The New York Post's Page Six alleged that Flay had an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell, who's 28, for three years . But the celebrity chef's business partner Laurence Kretchmer dismissed the claims and said if he had been having an ongoing affair with an employee, he would know about it . March arrived 'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home after Thanksgiving, according to a friend of March .
Hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from seeds to oils . There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp . Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight .
Ukip leader says he is 'jealous' of how Tory reverses the greying process . Says he shaken Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance' Cameron has been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful .
Report by Tel Aviv University says 766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year . Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure . 2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition . The condition means a sufferer's blood count might be low, leading to leukaemia . Her mother Donna said the rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, will find out in the next few weeks if they have the mutation of the GATA2 gene . Miss Simpson has been getting ill for the last two or three years - she kept getting pneumonia and cellulitis; any infection around she just seems to get .
Gang raided Hatton Garden vault over the weekend over Easter bank holiday . Scotland Yard officers released CCTV images of three suspects on Saturday . But they refused to release images of supposed ringleader because he has been identified . Author Richard Hoskins has identified 'startling similarities' to novel in LA in the 1980s . He said: 'When the raiders were planning their heist they must have read this book'
Kate Middleton wore Ceylon sapphire owned by Princess Diana as engagement ring . Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have flashed beloved coloured stones on the red carpet .
The Hague is one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring . Vivid, elegant and not-­too-­big Mauritshuis was restored last year .
Walter Scott, 50, and his friend Pierre Fulton, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so he could collect a bag of vegetables . He took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house to have a cookout . But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston . Scott was shot multiple times as he fled the scene - and was shot in the back by officer Michael Slager . Slager, who is white, shot Scott multiple times
The rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday morning . Fashion company founder Amanda Curtis snapped the picture outside the Glen Cove LIRR station .
Robert Bates, 73, appeared on the Today show on Friday to apologize to the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on April 2 . While on the show, Bates can be heard chasing after the man, but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead of a Taser . 'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional . Bates turned himself in on second-degree manslaughter charges
Scientists have joined the individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map . The map allows astronomers to 'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet . It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the Red planet, as well as parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel .
Kyle Wittstock crashed into a house in Yanchep, Perth, on Monday . The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . He posted photos from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
The £260,000 GT was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday . The artwork was composed by Ford designers who worked on the concept . First models are shipped to China and will be unrolled across Europe next year . Ford has refused to confirm the price nor say price will be confirmed .
Girl is being kept away from Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California . Anonymous Instagram users have threatened to stab her to death . Detectives say they are co-operating with their hunt for the culprit .
Pippa Middleton boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway . The 31-year-old has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry' Her brother-in-law has led a personal crusade against poaching and protecting wildlife .
Eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road . The altercation took an unusual turn when onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene, armed with two rubber sex toys . 'Out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand,' said Nick Weller . Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry .
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word . The documentary is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary . Amanda, who plans on starting principal photography this month, has already raised nearly $25,000 since starting the campaign .
Health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 . They have now passed through the upper house of parliament . Analysis of the reforms suggest that censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women . In Western Europe, 0.5% of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa . But Rachel Cole-Fletcher from Durham says it is not a lifestyle choice .
Survey of 1,000 British companies reveals half are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business' and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
Sean Donohoe plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV . He even persuaded her to change her will so he could reap benefits . The builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft .
Khadijah Dare's mother Victoria has issued a plea for her daughter to return home . 22-year-old was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the UK as a child . Dare, from Lewisham in South London, married Swedish Islamic terrorist Abu Bakr . She is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner . However, she continues to spread IS propaganda online .
The crash involving the 1991 Ferrari 348 took place on King George Avenue in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton . Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries . The passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre .
Iona and Emily Costello were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . George Costello Jr, 51, is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a 'domestic dispute' when he returned to Florida on April 1 . His fiance, who wanted to remain anonymous, told the Daily News it was 'weird coincidence' but insists she was with him
One of the criminals is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57 . He disappeared from Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, in 2010 . Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large . Ministry of Justice has now revealed ten names of 29 missing since 2004 .
Ed Miliband is proposing a time limit on the non-domicile status on Wednesday . Labour initially said he would 'abolish' the status if he took power . But it later emerged he is effectively proposing five years on it . It's claimed it has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market .
Actor, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . Antiques include a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt and a longbow depicting the progress of the battle in 1415 . Mr Hardy, who lives in the Cotswolds, studied English with JR.R. Tolkien .
Joshua Van Haften, 34, arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago . Complaint cites Facebook posts from sex offender saying he couldn't join ISIS . Also says he was dropped off on road in the country and never picked up . Department of Justice says stopping foreign fighters from joining ISIS is a 'top priority'
University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago . The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa .
The country is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . Despite restrictions of religious laws, party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination . In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker .
Ministry of Defence 1, known as 'Churchill's Toyshop', was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill . He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions . But some were so successful they played a vital role in ending World War Two .
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka . It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . PTB has studied cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels . To do this, PTB's scientists developed a carry-on 'flight case'
Lloyd Byfield, 48 pursued relationship with Leighann Duffy, 26, before he armed himself with claw hammer and large red handled kitchen knife . He smashed his way into her flat in Walthamstow, London, on September 1 last year . After pleading guilty to murder, Judge Nicholas Cooke told him he may never be released . Judge expressed his 'unhappiness' at failure of authorities to deport Byfield when he attacked another woman with a chisel in 2005 .
An average 25,000 ascents at the Eiffel Tower every day will be closed . It is expected to close for 18 hours as part of a nationwide walkout starting yesterday . Paris tourism will be almost £280,000 in entry fees, excluding gifts bought and food and drink sales .
Emily Reay, 17, has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter . She claims she has sported the same ginger hair for the last three years . But teachers at Trinity School in Carlisle have now told her to tone it down . 'If I had to dye my hair brown, I would lose this,' says Emily .
Mohamed Badie and 13 others were handed their sentences as 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen, were jailed for life . The defendants plotted unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling Cairo protest camp after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 . Two Islamists who have fled the country to death are also sentenced to life in prison .
Sign was posted on Twitter and retweeted by crime writer Ian Rankin . He tweeted: 'Market day tomorrow in the town that has all bases covered' The abattoir has been derelict for four or five years .
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . Three years later, at just 26 years old, she would be dead after a painful cancer battle . Her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young .
President Barack Obama's top spokesman, Josh Earnest, refused to engage speculation about her employment status nor would put the weight of the White House behind her . Leonhart was expected to resign after telling a House committee last week there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked but it's 'absolutely' possible that data had been compromised . The DEA, FBI, the Marshals Service and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were examined in a March report by the Justice Department's Inspector General 
Phil Primmer reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday . The 42-year-old had been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain . He was given CPR but it was too late when emergency services arrived . Mr Primmer won the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association’s Southern Hemisphere Championships in the men’s class two division .
Study estimates figure for women aged 40 to 59 . Made up of $2.8bn result from false-positive mammograms and $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis - treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all and are unlikely to develop life-threatening disease . Annual mammos starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care, because cancer is easier to treat if detected early .
PM said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about Tories at the last election . But he claimed they would back the party this time, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’ Mr Cameron’s remarks came after Deputy PM Nick Clegg insisted the Tories were getting rattled because they knew they could not win an outright majority next month .
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by former partner Philip Kirby . The 33-year-old was jailed for eight years after being convicted of rape . She was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after the 46-second call . Kirby, who has a child with Miss Redhead, begged him to leave, but he was . After the first horrifying attack he told her: 'I'm already going to jail for a long time so what difference does it make?'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed handyman Michael Spalding, 39, last year . He then dismembered him using hacksaw and put his body parts into two suitcases . Simon, with help of girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal . Jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court . Bird was cleared of murder but admitted assisting an offender .
Putin appeared to soften anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical . Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's . neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low . Latest remark comes two days after annual TV phone-in show .
Mandy Dunford, 54, followed by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks . The military historian even performed sex acts in front of Miss Dunford . Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure . He was released from prison and allowed to return to his North Yorkshire home .
Six soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in Prowse Point Cemetery, Belgium, this morning . Their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers . Bodies of the six soldiers were found in a farmer's field near Le Touquet in Belgium in 2008 and 2010 .
Local Government Association accuses soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels' It said children under ten get almost a fifth of sugar intake from soft drinks . Survey found that some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice daily sugar limit .
The Oshun Café will serve four types of berry bowls . The Native Acai Berry Bowl is topped with bananas, granola, raisin and honey . Cafe wants the UK to celebrate eating aca pulp as powdered supplements .
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of city of Brookhaven in Georgia, made 'racist' remark to hired photographer Nelson Jones . After witnessing Mr Jones capture a test shot of two models at Cherry Blossom Festival, she apparently told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city' Taylor, who had been in high-profile position for less than a month, has been fired by officials for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee' However, Ms Taylor says she was wrongly accused in the incident, which occurred between March 27
Francis Pusok, 30, was beaten up by two cops on Thursday after he fled his home in southern California when they showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges . He claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear: 'This isn't over' Puok has been released from jail a day later and says he has been psychologically affected by the ordeal .
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote her son's story . The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2 . He claims he mistakenly pulled out his Taser and shot Harris as he fled the scene of an undercover operation . Bates has visited the Bahamas with the sheriff, Stanley Glanz, and another reserve deputy and paid for the trip .
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres . They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the planet - including its mystery bright spots . And over the coming months it will see more of the world in light - and it will also have better and a higher resolution . It is the first spacecraft to orbit a dwarf planet since September 2012 .
Labour leader's cousin 'officially confused' over whether scrapping rules . Mike Keen said he needed someone to explain to him just what Labour policy was . Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to pay tax . But Miliband argues non-dom tests are 'not very rigorous'
The average time between penetration and him ejaculating is nine minutes . This was the result of a European study of 1,100 couples from 44 countries . Each couple attempted intercourse at least twice a week for eight weeks . They used a stop watch, clicking it on the minute he penetrated and clicking stop immediately after . Ejaculation is the most common method of measuring a penis is to use a cloth measuring tape, not a straight-edged ruler .
French diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing' But a change in attitudes could save France up to €20 billion a year . One MP has put forward 36 proposals to stop waste in France . Throwing still-edible food away is costing the average French household €400 .
Special forces took at least seven hours to respond to Thursday's attack . Elite troops arrived from Nairobi to Garissa but did not arrive until 2pm . One of the four gunmen responsible has been identified as a lawyer son . Government representatives have defended the long response time . 'They only remember the one you missed,' says one survivor .
Prime Minister was speaking in an almost empty science park on city's outskirts . He arrived in Dorset and ate a hot dog while on his battle bus . But why did Tory high command not scrap their plans on Weston-super-Mare?
Robert Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center . He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a firearm while a fugitive and while under indictment . However, his lawyers say those convictions don't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law . The arrest has kept him in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the death of his friend Susan Berman .
Turia Pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia . The eighteen-month-old toddler pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, leaving him almost blind . Foreign doctors wouldn't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 66 per cent burns in 2011 . Her remarkable recovery is a case-in-point and she believes Australians take their medical system for granted .
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens is set to hit theaters on December 18 . The film could rake in $500m - more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film in 2011 .
Robert Penny, 83, charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991 . The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps . Penny was not required to speak during the hearing on Monday that lasted less than five minutes . He is expected to apply for bail in the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Monday afternoon .
The reporter, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. Britt McHenry, a former model, says she is 'taking a stand' against 'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone' She was caught on camera berating a parking lot attendant and told her to 'lose some weight, baby girl' She has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment .
Ava Gardner made 34 Ennismore Gardens her primary residence for over 20 years . The beauty, who was the second wife of crooner Frank Sinatra, moved to London in 1968 and is now a short walk from Harrods and Hyde Park . It boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room . Gardner was listed 25th among the American Film Institute's Greatest Female Stars .
The British star of Disney's new Cinderella has worn more than £300,000 . She has worn £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes, £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace . Hours later Lily wears a silk dress by Christian Dior worth £5,400 .
In a surveillance video, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon . The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room . A 5ft safe and a number of firearms were stolen from the home, according to KTLA 5 . Police believe all three of the burglars were 17 to 20 years old .
Suzy Howlett, 54, took red pen to error-strewn Ukip leaflet and sent it to children . In one section, Mr Tanswell and Sharon Snook promise that 'Ukip will take back control of our boarders' In another, handwritten note about leaflet's opening paragraph: 'This 'sentence' is long and obscure. It needs some punctuation if it is to make sense' The two councillors defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in
Timothy Rogalski, 30, 'called the school on Tuesday and left four messages on its office answerphone' The calls were traced to his home in Wallingford, about 40 miles from where the shooting unfolded in Newtown in 2012 . He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake .
Iona and Emily Costello, from Greenport, last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the Costellos left no other trace of their whereabouts . Family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday . Police do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting Emily may be in danger .
Seven officers responded to the call forback-up after the shooting . But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in the accounts given to the media . There are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers' version of events in an internal incident report or the witness video .
Sellers now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations . While average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £2811,000 . Online estate agent eMoov said sellers still believed they were selling at the market’s peak .
Ed Miliband visited a Christian group in Croydon on the latest stop o his campaign trail . He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' David Cameron addressed 45,000 Christians at an event at the Excel centre .
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad . Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is . To reach the answer, it is possible to work through information both men known to rule out nine of the dates in the past .
Helen Dunn, 78, was just 17 years old at the time of the 1955 cover shoot . She was on the cover of Span, a collection of 700 vintage men's mags . The grandma, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, made all her own costumes .
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids . The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
Odds on the name Sam following success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree . The amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007 . Bookmakers have slashed their odds on Sam - which could be used for Samuel or Samantha - being chosen for the name .
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in toilets of a shoe factory in Wenzhou City, China, by a cleaner . Cleaners found the baby boy in the female toilets, but she 'completely denied giving birth to the child' She managed to hide the pregnancy for months because 'no-one cared, and no-one asked'
Prime Minister says he will amend Working Times regulations for three days . Will apply to workers at firms with at least 250 staff - an estimated 10million in the private sector and five million in the public sector . Institute of Directors says scheme does not appear to have been thought through . But business leaders say it is heavy-handed government intervention .
Former Bush speechwriter says: 'We will see a pattern of financial transactions involving the Clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable U.S. policy decisions' Former Bill Clinton Cash, due to be published May 5th, will be published by HarperCollins . Schweizer says some big-money deals 'put millions in their own pockets'
Latika Bourke had no interest in looking into her origins until watching the movie Slumdog Millionaire which she found life-changing . On her first visit to India she visited the former orphanage and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby . She said: 'It was one of the most profound moments of my life' She has been adopted every year and admits to being 'absolutely obsessed' with her mother country .
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 . Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration . This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent . Sydney will be one of the only markets not to be hit by an oversupply of housing in a number of markets .
Keith Boudreau, 42, was pronounced dead on Friday morning after being beaten in a Boston bar on March 23 . Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents . He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries and was removed from life support on Monday . Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges on Wednesday, and pleaded not guilty . District Attorney's office is seeking to arraign Fahey again and charge him with murder on Monday morning .
Flow VR device provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . This can help combat conflict between information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness . Airline Qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers .
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58 . The condition is strongly linked to visceral fat - hidden in the abdomen, around the organs, causing blood sugar levels to soar . If uncontrolled, this can lead to blindness, kidney damage, heart disease and circulation problems, especially in the feet and legs .
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend shot him in the head . Flynn was Pamela Smart’s then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . Now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4 .
The wedding planners for the couple have been seen carrying trees into Dunblane Cathedral ahead of Saturday's nuptials . The decorations were first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey . Residents of the town have also been bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the shop windows .
Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range . West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street . Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said the officers did 'what they were trained to do' when they approached West's car during a gunfire investigation .
Residents living yards from scene of £60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by power cuts a week before . Also heard 'drilling' noises on Good Friday but thought it was continuation of road works . Meanwhile, it has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after initial robbery to steal more loot after becominggreedy . Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight but was graded as 'no police response was deemed to be required'
East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter . They can dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding . The system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever . An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter . A floodwater rescue operation underway in Hunter area where there have been wind gusts of up to 125km/h .
Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, and her sister, Razan, 19, were gunned down February 10 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina . Police say he appears to have been motivated by a dispute over parking spaces at the apartments where he and his wife lived . Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim's blood was on his pants . The victims' families are
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000 . She was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged . Spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube . Heath, now 43, was arrested last September and jailed for three years .
The unidentified male concert-goer was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' The picture was shared on Twitter by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump . 'This guy wins the award for worst fashion/lifestyle choices @coachella,' he tweeted .
Conrad Clitheroe is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro from Manchester . None of the men have been charged with any offence since February . They were arrested at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Lisa Morgan, 40, amended the site for former boyfriend Sean Meade, 45 . Said he had been unfaithful and claimed visitors to the Top of the World Roofing website have 'ceased trading at present' Miss Morgan's estranged wife Joanne has also told her he cheated on her as well .
PayPal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . Jonathan Leblanc said technology had become so advanced that ‘true integration with the human body’ The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable . It will remove the need for ‘antiquated’ ways of confirming your identity .
Shark sightings have become commonplace around the New Zealand coastline this summer . Two shark attacks left a surfer and fisherman with serious injuries . Adam Strange, 47, was killed by a shark off the south coast in February 2013 .
Chris Ball made the most heartbreaking goodbye video to his family before taking his own life on September 14 last year . His brother, Jayden and their stepfather found Chris's body along with a USB stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said: 'Mum and Dad, please watch' His family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease and call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals .
Draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds will 'make content more contemporary' Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty foreign film . Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games .
Former Virginia first lady Maureen McDonnell has been found guilty of corruption now says she did not receive a fair trial . Her attorneys argued Monday in a 101-page court filing that Mrs McDonnell's public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals .
Researchers at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . They hope distinction will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight .
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries . They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents . The study suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years .
Former soldier Andrew O'Clee, 36, married Michelle Agbulos in 2008 . But while they were trying for a baby together, he had already married a woman . He continued to have an affair with second wife Philippa after he caught shopworker Michelle being unfaithful . When Michelle came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site, she was blinded by his honesty .
Samantha says there's never a day when she would rather be someone else . She's grown to love her nose that tilts ever so slightly to the right . But she's utterly peeved about Dove's latest campaign results .
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday . First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . The vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch .
Several DEA agents were participating in alleged 'sex parties' as early as 2001 according to a new report . House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform released the report Tuesday at a hearing on the misconduct . The hearing came on the heels of a separate report by the Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General that described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008 . It said 10 agents - an assistant regional director and nine special . agents – had allegedly used taxpayer money to pay for the prostitutes . One special agent was cleared of all wrongdoing
Everardo Custodio, 22, was credited with stopping a mass shooting in Chicago at the weekend by pulling out his own personal firearm and shooting the would-be gunman . Driver, who has a concealed carry permit, acted in self-defense and the defense of others, according to court records .
Dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified . Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay . Report traced slave-caught seafood from there to Thailand where it can enter the supply chains of some of American retailers . Men interviewed said they were tricked or even kidnapped before being put on boats in Thailand and taken to Indonesia .
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing him in the heart . He pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal . On Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia . The victim held that he was 'very intoxicated' when he killed Romo and the fight came after a night of drinking at their home in the city'
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready . He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert in October 2014 .
Three young people are seen getting out of their car to threaten another driver . One was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights . The young woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the bonnet of the car .
Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns the virus, and other bacteria can survive on tanning beds . The heat - not high enough to kill - allows bacteria to develop to develop and more able to survive .
Body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found hours before her mother was found dead . Police are appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox . They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths . Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .
Police have returned to Bill Spedding's home for the third time this year . The 63-year-old was due to fix the toddler's grandmother's washing machine . He was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in broad daylight . Mr Spedding says he didn't go to house where the toddler was missing . Police searched his home in March and businesses in nearby Laurieton in January . They seize various items, including cars, a mattress and computer for forensic examination .
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube . The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia, where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother's insistence, moved to his aunt and uncle's home in their wealthy Los Angeles neighborhood . At the end of the video, the Meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child . After
A driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru . The incident apparently continued for 8.5km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light . Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication .
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations . Electrodes placed on each side of each participant's scalp and third electrode toward the back of the scalp . An experimental technique used to boost brain performance with electrical pulses can cause depression .
Aydian Ethan Dowling has 40,000 votes to win the magazine's annual Ultimate Guy Search . He follows Iraq war veteran Noah Galloway who clinched the top spot last year . The magazine said they are looking for a man who 'possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Cathryn Parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people, mainly Hollywood production staffers . She was stopped for a traffic violation and given a false name by police . Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name . The case unraveled into one of the biggest identity thefts the state has ever seen .
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt . Chief constable was 'sad' to leave force but retires to spend more time with her family .
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka among players sponsored by firm . Firm urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . It comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform .
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness . Christine Lagarde, first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink . Samantha Cameron is also a big fan of the colour - she chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail last May . Holly Willoughby, Katherine Jenkins and Scarlett Johansson have both been seen wearing hot pink for recent appearances .
Stacey Eden, 23, was racially abused along with his wife Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon . Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant . Muslim couple rushed to their defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing . Police are urging anyone who witnessed the incident to call 0120 956-2626 .
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world . The male model It Couple say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves .
Shezoy Bleary, 22, 'attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub at around 4am on Wednesday' He is seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court on Wednesday . The former Indiana Pacers forward was reportedly slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery on Wednesday to repair the wounds .Copeland's wife Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the altercation
Kim Hill was abused by Derek Osborne from the age of four as a child . The now 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at age of eight . He even attacked her two days after her 12th birthday, while taking her out for a celebratory meal . She bottled up painful memories until her husband Rob made a confession . Rob asked his fiancée if she had been abused as child due to her withdrawn nature . His question finally prompted Kim to confess what happened to her in 2013 .
Kim, 34, is creating an 'archive' of her most famous designer outfits . She will hand down 'everything' to her 22-month-old daughter North West . The mother-of-one said: 'I keep everything and put it in clear plastic bags altogether with the shoes - the whole look of what I wore' Kim credited her husband for introducing her to the fashion world .
Firm has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer . Profits are expected to be around £44million as firm reaps rewards from 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland . Firm began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago .
NBC Nightly News's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 . The drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq War in 2003 . According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3 .
Jason Edward Harrington says groping is a daily occurrence at airports . Former TSA agent said screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside . Harrington said they will conduct bag checks on people they don't like . Comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded flight .
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has had his nipples cut off in six months . He says he has been forced to go it alone due to workplace discrimination . Now he plans to set up his own business and has spent £40,000 on body modifications .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres . They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are . Dawn will begin its first science orbit around the planet on 23 April .
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b . They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere . And wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals .
Three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at California gas station early on Saturday morning . Group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . The man's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson .
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm . Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely of injury . Big Boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire barrier to escape his pen last Friday morning around 7am . Police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the 'open range act' with inadequate fencing .
Test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk . It used a sapphire glass screen from a 38mm Apple Watches for its experiment . Two out of the three models are available to pre-order from today . The Sport version has a stronger Ion-X glass screen, which is thought to be more shatterproof .
Hollywood actress Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia . Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with Alzheimer's disease . The 29-year-old hasn't recognised her in at least five years . Condition causes memory loss and language problems .
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 . Decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister' Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 aged 57 . Now aged 64, she said she never intended to leave parenthood so late .
Gary Barlow revealed exclusively to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates on their new tour . Finding Neverland will open in Glasgow on April 27 . Gary said he was feeling 'equal parts nervous and excited' before the premiere of his musical on Broadway .
Police say Suge Knight growled 'I'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black' 'He's mixing it up, he's f***ing with us and I caught him real good,' he says . Images released along with key pieces of evidence show he had virtually no facial injuries when he was arrested .
Victoria police have revealed a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana . One in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road . Meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios using codes . The flippant drivers are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice .
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of unwanted items lying around . A fifth are too busy believing it takes nearly half an hour to return it . Confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back for 22% .
Victims were 'treated like dogs' - forced to urinate in buckets and live outside . Bodies were kept under duress amid fears for safety of their families . They were made to do housework to pay off 'loans' for their board and passage . Police say victims would be threatened with violence if they didn't comply .
13-year-old was gunned down by ISIS snipers in the Syrian capital of Damascus . Zeynab Daghastani was killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the Al-Yarmouk Camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of Yalda . Palestinian rebels have been trying to escape the area since the area fell under ISIS control on April 4, leaving 200 people dead in seven days .
Holly Beard, 24, and fiance Steve Hancock, 27, reached combined weight of 41st . But after being humiliated in front of her colleagues she was left mortified . The warehouse manager has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months .
The Maldives are on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years . With miles of sea to play in, you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail . The days unwind quietly for Penny, with snorkelling, visits the spa and walks around .
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, championed the message 'what you do that defines you' for Lindex . The Scandinavian brand opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford on March 27 . It also brought in 22-year-old German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopian Liya Kebede, 37 .
William and Harry were apparently fed up with endless diet of English food . Brothers swapped instructions from their nanny for their own, Darren McGrady said . Former chef said he was 'more scared of nianny than I was of William' He said that they ended up with roast chicken anyway .
Government approves funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions . The Mole Urban project aims to reduce level of road freight in urban areas . Driverless capsules would propelled by magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors . Proposal is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns .
Jodie Bredo, 26, has been a Kate lookalike for six years . She wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' She said: 'Kate’s just too frumpy for her age. I’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob'
UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal . Country was forced to seek emergency funding during eurozone crisis . Soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in Britain in recent years .
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris on April 2 . His 16-year-old son, Aidan Fraley, says all the Tulsa police who let him become a cop should be held accountable . 'He should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' he said . Bates' own mother has already forgiven his killer and wants to see the other police officers at the scene brought to justice .
'Red' Len McCluskey gave me the time of day on a street in Neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour's cause . Yet all the smiles cannot hide the reality that he and his union are a potent, sinister force in British politics .
Norma Esparza, a professor in California, testified Thursday at the murder trial of her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45 . She says Van intimidated her into identifying her rapist to the man now charged with killing him in 1995 . 'When I see him, I cringe,' she said, showing how she reacted by bending her head down and putting her face in her hands . Van is charged with the murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, body was found with 30 blows with 
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes .
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe are both pictured smoking a shisha pipe . The pictures, believed to have been taken in a London bar earlier this season, show the young stars sat together . Ibe is pictured next to Sterling with a pipe, cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker . Both are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at the club .
Andreja Pejic, 23, is the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign . The Serbian-born fashion star reveals that she was told not to undergo gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl .
BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event . Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday . The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin, Illinois .
A ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister . Separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies . It also suggests Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough .
US researchers have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels . Breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' University says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature .
Department of Veteran Affairs has barred about 80 per cent of applications to use the word Anzac . Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word . 40 items were rejected for a range of reasons, including its name was inappropriate .
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks . CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall . They dumped them on floor before kicking them and forcing them out of windows . The birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and chased by a dog . Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement .
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically . The woman had to be hooked up to a defibrillator at the scene and CPR was administered . Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, N.J. has been charged with driving while intoxicated, having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle, reckless driving and for failure to stay in the right lane .
A 50-foot marine mammal was found washed ashore at Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday . It is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the North Coast of California over the 40 years that the California Academy of Sciences has been handling such cases . In January, a rare pygmy whale whale beached itself in Point Reyes . Investigators said it had likely gotten sick and was too weak to swim .
Jessica Silva stabbed ex-partner James Polkinghorne three years ago with a kitchen knife in her Marrickville, New York home . Ms Silva reveals on 60 Minutes that 'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness' She has visited the home of Mr Polkinghore's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . He has reassured her he holds 'no anger' and isn't hatred . 'I'm going to kill yous,' Ms
Anna Creek South Australia is the largest cattle station in the world . It covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres and is 155,000 branded cattle . The 11 cattle farms are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co .
Two women, 47 and 22, and two men, 24 and 22, held at Manchester Airport . They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria . Waheed Ahmed, 21, son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, held at airport . Four children on trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back to UK .
The First Lady and her mom sat down for a meal at Italian restaurant Lupa on Thompson Street in Greenwich Village on Saturday . The menu, priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings, is a five-course set meal .
Aeman Presley, 34, allegedly shot three homeless men in Atlanta and one in Decatur, Georgia, in November . The homeless man had originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing the first man . Presley is set to appear in front of a judge today and district attorneys in both DeKalb County and Fulton County have said they will seek the death penalty .
Alanna, 39, and Stephan Goetzinger, 57, lost their daughter during a stillbirth . Coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby . The couple, who live on a farm in Kanungra in south-east Queensland, are defending her actions . They claim that it was very clear from the moment she was born that she had died before birth .
Father-of-two Tipu Sultan was shot dead at the back of a takeaway last night . The 32-year-old ran the takeaway in South Shields and was described as friendly . Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area in the direction of Lizard Lane . Today a heavy police presence has been completely taped off with officers believing Mr Sultan, 32, was targeted deliberately .
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in London . He emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court' Escape was motivated by his fear he would be harmed by inmates . Prison staff attended his escape and discovered he was gone . Moore, of Trinidad and Tobago, has been jailed for seven years .
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . The aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines .
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling . On average the second born has over £500 less spent on them in the first 12 months, than the first sibling who is showered with attention and given the best of everything .
Cassandra Cassidy had been stopped outside rehab centre by two females 'afraid of males in a car', police said . The 24-year-old was shot as she was talking to the women in the street . She died in hospital shortly after the shooting in Las Vegas . Her boyfriend of two years said she was a 'perfect fit for her'
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11 . The high street loving bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray as he battled Novak Djokovic in Miami Open semi-final .
James Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . 'The only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' said Judge Thomas Wilson . Timgley's attorney Eric White told the court that he still claims he is innocent and that it's unlikely he'll live past his first parole date which is when he turns 96 .
More than a thousand University of Kentucky fans were arrested near the school's Lexington campus Saturday night . The team faced off against the University of Wisconsin Badgers in Saturday night's semi-final game, breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss . Now, Wisconsin is heading to Monday's final to play Duke - their first final since 1941 . Violence broke out on the streets of UK's campus in Lexington where a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss to the school .
Travel doesn’t come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it . All it takes is a few sacrifices, hard work, commitment and an outgoing personality . Staying in a stranger’s house is one of the easiest ways to trim costs abroad . Food and transport may be included in exchange for taking care of the person’s home and pets .
Gareth Huw Davies' most memorable encounter was in awe at the Uda Walawe nature reserve . In the right season you might see 200 elephants at the lake in Minneriya National Park – the leopard . Sri Lanka’s traditional name, Serendib, happens everywhere . The island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka .
A MyCause page set up to support the family has raised $47,226 so far . Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in her Melbourne home last Tuesday . Her grandson Alistair, 4, was killed hours earlier as he slept in his bed . Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder . More than 280 people have donated to the page, with many leaving messages of support .
Alan Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of BBC Radio 3's top job . He was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over 30 years . Radio 3 has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past, especially after a drive in 2011 to make it more 'accessible' to a broader audience .
Starmer was in charge when Operation Elveden began its 'witch hunt' into tabloid journalists . Most controversially, he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law . Juries have almost universally refused to convict, and after four more reporters were cleared . Starmer is likely to add MP to his lengthy list of titles and be returned for the safe Labour seat of Holborn and St Pancras in north London .
WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE . Footage shows Arizona officer Michael Rapiejko overtaking his car as he chases alleged armed robber Mario Valencia . Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the February 19 crash outside a self storage facility .
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the personalized plate '370H55V' Texas state department for Motor Vehicles deemed the plates 'offensive'
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013 . Months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless . But this past Saturday, Morris couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of Nina's heartbreaking rescue on local news . Bulletin revealed the canine had just given birth to ten pups . Along with the pup, 122 birds were also recovered from the compound .
Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean . Due to the lack of sunshine, Mrs Merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges and instead been enjoying Pilates classes . She has hired a personal Pilates trainer who will be working with her during the couple's annual Easter holiday .
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues since it was founded in 1982 . The club had applied to register its polo player logo on four classes of items including glasses, watches, jewellery and leather goods . But it was opposed by the Beverly Hills brand on grounds that people could confuse the logo with their own .
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping . They parked outside the local supermarket in Fuzhou, south east China . Mr Ming bent behind the car as she reversed, knocking him down . Passer-by Kuan Tseng, 32, said: 'The woman was hysterical and begging him to wake up'
Ukip leader said he had the 'overwhelming support' of the British public . He said foreign nationals with HIV 'can come into Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 per patient' Ed Miliband said his comments were 'disgusting', Nick Clegg said they were ‘politics of the lowest form’
Almost one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit . Almost a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online . Facebook recorded 1.39 billion users at the end of 2014 with over 70 million photos and videos being shared every day .
Indianara Carvalho posted racy picture to Instagram on Good Friday . Image was accompanied with prayer including words: 'Good Friday' Vice champion Claudia Alende waded into the furore, claiming she was left 'shocked and ashamed' by rival's risqué Easter stunt .
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action at subway station in Philadelphia . Alfred McNamee lost his footing and fell onto electrified subway tracks . He walked to edge of platform, jumps down and helps him to escape . But Collins put it all down to 'instinct' and denied that he is a hero .
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . Authorities said the 45-year-old, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth . She called herself 'Dr Val', putting on a lab coat when her boss, Dr Jeffrey Schoengold, wasn't present and doing dental work on unsuspecting patients . One patient suffered an infection from a bot
Family was staying at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John . Family was airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, are in critical condition . Lawyer James Maron said the boys were in 'rough shape'
Physical activity can increase the size of areas of the brain . It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age, says study . Previous research found exercise was linked to lower levels of body fat . Lower levels of heart disease risk factors, better memory and thinking .
Wedding season is fast upon us but there are ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day . From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be .
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on BBC panel show Have I Got News For You . He was sacked from Top Gear after punching producer Oisin Tymon . BBC bosses took weeks to consider if he should be allowed to host show . But he will be guest presenter on show on April 25, just one month later . Clarkson was dropped from motoring show on March 25 after a row . 54-year-old will not face prosecution over attack on BBC presenter .
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond . A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . The beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old .
The first lady combined an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening . The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy .
Haute Montagne ski company created ice bar for guests at chalet in Verbier . One guest requested £3,700 for the grand pianos to be delivered - but was keen on their trip being noteworthy so didn't mind splashing out . Another guest asked for six helicopters – normally used by the military – to be requisitioned so they can be avoided .
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia at just 22 years of age . Brisbane-based designer is committed to ethical production and looking after workers in his home country of Cambodia . Hang's father has vivid memories of daring escapes to reach Thai border, once falling into a pit of rage .
Clip appears to show Manchester City fans singing a vile song . It appears to have been taken during Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2 . Police made eight arrests at the derby and praised the behaviour of majority of the 76,000 sell-out crowd .
PJ Spraggins and his wife Tracy were on the transplant list for a year . Seven years ago, she was told a fight with the disease would kill her . Doctors said his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . The next day, they went under the knife together and lost 145lbs . Now 39, he was given the green light to undergo the surgery .
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by seven stages, including anxiety, agitation and nervousness . People are consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown . The next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible, religious hymns or spirituals . Since 1980, a number of tourists had encountered 'suffer psychotic decompensation'
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead . But Ed Miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out pact with SNP . SNP leader used a BBC TV debate on Thursday to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love .
Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game . The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways . Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
Shares in what is now called BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p . Rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BGBG Group in a £47billion deal . News of the deal has driven up the price of shares in BG now owned by people who originally bought British Gas shares in 1986 .
Yin Yunfeng spent a week cooking dishes as well as about 1,000 dumplings . He is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home once a year . The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in the house bursting with meals .
The fire was reported shortly after 6pm Saturday in Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles . Firefighters were hampered by rough terrain in the forested basin and grew to at least 75 acres .
Nathan Baggaley, 39, was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder . The kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . He was apprehended when he reported for bail earlier this week . His barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer .
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous as she strolled through sunny streets of London . The brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote and £159 pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses .
The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties . Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there . Stuart Hazell, 39, murdered Tia Sharp, 12, before her body was hidden in the loft .
Aubrey de Grey, a charismatic biomedical theorist, says there's no reason to age . His theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley . De Grey was raised in Chelsea by his artist mother Cordelia, who left him £11 million when she died in 2011 – £9 million of which he has since died .
Two-minute silence is observed by the entire country, the young and old taking a moment to reflect on the atrocities visited on Jews during WWII . Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and continued Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere . Until sundown, radio and television stations were broadcasting programmes on genocide and play sombre music .
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China . She is recovering from surgery to repair her mauled face .
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices and was created by Julian Kabab . Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . During the night, photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears . All of this 'evidence' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee, and this album remains hidden until 12pm the following day . Any photos deleted from the album are
The Chef Jacques LaMerde Instagram account was created under a fictional name to remain anonymous . It dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations . The dishes use cheap, everyday food, such as Fritos and Jimmy Dean sausage patties .
The two primates are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island . They are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged . A representative of the Long Island university have been ordered to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project that chimps Hercules and Leo are 'unlawfully detained'
Charnelle Hughes was struck on the side of the head by a pint glass . The glass was thrown into a group of 40 people during a live music gig . Jordan Goode, 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music . Witnesses said Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet . She was rushed to hospital after starting bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion . At one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye, and she now has to see a facial specialist .
Chloe Knapton was driving home from a night out when she was attacked . The 21-year-old dancer was crossing a bike across the middle of the road . As she left the car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle . He then walked up to the dancer's car and smashed the glass against her window . She was rushed to hospital where she underwent surgery for her injuries . Her mother Allyson said: 'She can no longer smile because of the stitches around her mouth'
Delroy Facey, 34, alleged to have become involved in 'ugly side' of sport . Facey played for West Bromwich Albion and Hull in Premier League . Ex-Bolton striker Facey is standing trial alongside Moses Swaibu . Both deny conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court .
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross Mediterranean over the past weekend . Boat, carrying about 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving Libyan coast . About 150 survivors – mostly from sub-Saharan Africa – were rescued and brought to an Italian port on Monday .
An alleged Army impostor and a bystander in Florida has been caught on video accusing a man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women . Eric Coins posted the video to YouTube accusing the 'fake army infantryman' of wearing their uniform to obtain a federal offense . The encounter becomes increasingly tense as bar staff begin to shout expletives at the two men . One of the shouting men asked the man where he did his basic and boot camp training, and the man responded 'no'
Lauren Perry's twins were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . Her waters broke just 23 weeks into Lauren's pregnancy, and doctors feared the worst . Eight months later, Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed . He nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Texas, is accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son and namesake, 22, on Tuesday night . Nelson was home with his mistress, Christina Nelson, who was shot twice in the back during a domestic argument . On Tuesday, Beaudoidoin arrived with his girlfriend in tow and got into a fight with his wife of 18 years, Deputies say . The father allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice . He then fled, but police tracked him down at a nearby
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . Here, in the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we highlight the best ways to make life easier for people .
Actor, 51, played the Doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show’s revival in 2005 . He proved huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss Russell T Davies .
Rejean Hermel Perron, 43, 'held alleged victim at gunpoint on March 31' She was bound by handcuffs and naked from waist down begging for help . Mr Hamilton, from Toronto, was walking his dog when he heard woman's cries . Wanted police but left his cell phone at home forcing him to take out only item he had on him - nail clippers . Officers believe there could be more victims who have yet to come forward . Perroned with weapon, kidnapping, forcible confinement
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy . casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English . Picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country . His supporters quickly rallied behind him and used the hashtag #WeAreWithYouMashi .
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at Volksbank . They fled with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3million . It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the raid . During the Easter weekend raid, 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones .
Dmitri Kovtun says Russian dissident had handled his own death by mistake . Claims that he had inadvertently handled polonium without knowing it . Former KGB agent will give evidence at the inquiry, if he testifies . Litvinenko, 43, fell ill with radiation poisoning in London in 2006 .
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit . Child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . The boy's leg was injured in the fall, but he was not attacked by the animals, according to the zoo's executive director .
Journalist Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry . For nearly two years the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the globe . But nothing could have prepared her for the moment when someone offered to sell her a baby over dinner . Surrogacy in India is a multi-million dollar business which is made all the more lucrative by the high number of American couples traveling to the country to use the services provided in the Vice documentary .
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break . But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured . Mr Cromie would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' He also blamed 29-year-old for fall-out with another dental practice . Nurse later forced to quit job she had held for more than five years .
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening . An arrest warrant alleges that Ashely Griffith told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car, 'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' In one clip he tells her he will make her 'very f*cking sorry' if she leaves him, and that she will have his 'revenge' in a bad environment .
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71, and Derek Weaver, 83, between 2011 and 2012 . Prosecution claim he changed tack in January 2012 amid ongoing police investigation . Chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges including grievous bodily harm with intent and 23 counts of trying to cause a poison to be administered .
Perkins, 45, was bets placed on her by bookmakers Coral last week . But she is taking a break from the site after receiving abuse on Twitter . Among the fans sent Perkins messages of support was Fearne Cotton . Clarkson was investigated after he attacked one of the show's producers . He split his lip and abused him in a 30-second verbal assault on March 4 . BBC said Clarkson's future at the show is still uncertain .
The asylum was opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . It expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the West Midlands . The hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located . Dysentery and syphilis said to have been commonplace at the now run down asylum .
Freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open . The school said the lack of sufficient indoor space was the reason behind the unusual move . Paper reported that many of the students believe sitting the exam outside is a novel way to encourage them to feel more relaxed .
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth . Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom . She eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window of Cash and Cheque Express . Her actions mirror those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple . Martin Campbell, 28, has been jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court .
One-year-old Malaja was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents Thursday afternoon . She remains in 'very critical condition', a Seattle police spokeswoman said . The driver and passenger of a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30pm Thursday in Kent, Washington . Police said they initially suggested road rage as a motive, but did not give details on the possible conflict between the people in both vehicles .
Shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury in 2010, was just a 'jokey note' Liam Byrne's glib note to his successor stated: 'I'm afraid there is no money' Note used by David Cameron in seven-way debate earlier this month .
Porche Wright, 27, was arrested on Saturday after neighbors reported seeing her pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match . When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns and was rushed to the hospital .
Australian PM says EU should 'urgently' follow his lead . Hardline policy has proved controversial but he said it was only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night . Operation Sovereign Borders involves intercepting boats filled with migrants at sea, turning them back or towing them back to where they came from . Last year, Italy scaled back its rescue operations because it feared they were only encouraging migrants to make the same move .
Geordie Shore star has lost over two and a half stone over the past year . Co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan, 22, and Marnie Simpson have also lost weight . Dr Marilyn Glenville told us there is a lot of pressure on women in the media to stay thin .
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms . These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ and ‘you can do it’ He argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well and providing ‘clear and achievable paths to academic success’
Ashy Bines, a Gold Coast trainer, mistakenly advertised $US49,500 per year . Ms Bines apologised to her thousands of followers in an email to Daily Mail Australia . 'My editor made a big boo-boo and felt terrible all weekend,' said an unnamed follower . One follower wrote on Facebook that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid originally advertised price .
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the case against him in Pennsylvania . Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed or two more needed to be pulled . She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents never set up a pre-operation examination . Wanimaker's sentence is two months to a year in prison, but he's been in jail since having his bail revoked in December .
Around two million high school students admitted to buying e-cigarettes in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent .
Bobby Flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $5,000 a month - despite a personal worth of more than $20million . The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order star provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years . It also claims that the chef buys her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff . March was 'heartbroken' about the split - while his wife is 'mighty unhappy' with the pren
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama, for a fishing trip . She was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water . Local resident Nicole Lavirriere said 'Mavis was a lot like my dog'
Gang working in the North-West accused of filming attacks on Saturday . One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang . They accused him of being a paedophile and tricking him into meeting a 14-year-old girl in church car park in Atherton . After escaping, the teenager then reported the matter to police and was arrested . Andrew O'Neill, 25, admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl .
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him on Thursday around 9am . Archie Brown Jr, 40, struck and killed the gunman's nephew Damani Terry, two, after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin . Brown struck Brown and killed Damani's 15-year-old brother, Rasheed Chiles, who was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident . Chiles had a previous criminal history which included robbery, burglary
Photographs taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen have surfaced after being put up for auction . Images include The Fourteen Stars Tavern building which was pulled down in 1857 . Building was part of site for The Bristol Brewery Georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into flats . Other shots are almost identical, including one of St John's Gate at the Church of the St John the Baptist which was destroyed by Nazi bombing .
Gypsy group refused to budge despite facing three different courts . Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village . Group claimed eviction 'violated' human rights of 39 children in 60 caravans . But Supreme Court rejected pleas for group to be allowed right of appeal . A further judicial review at the High Court has been granted .
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million) LinX makes cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology - as seen on HTC One's M8 duo-camera . The technology is able to sense the depth of each object in an image . Once a photo is taken there are four editing options called Ufocus, Foregrounder, Seasons and Dimension Plus .
Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris's upcoming May issue . Last black woman to cover Paris was model Rose Cordero in March 2010 . In January of this year British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover .
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War . There has been very little information to help her find her birth mother . Ms English was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent reporter Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam . 'I would have grandchildren by now and I would have that deep need in me fulfilled'
Comedian Sarah Silverman recalled an incident at the New York Comedy Club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart, for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League . Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything - her male friend Todd Barry was booked for the slot . She has since apologized for fabricating the story but stressed critics should not use the story to undermine the gender pay gap campaign .
Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, 39, was arrested in July last year . He stands accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic . Charges were shrouded in secrecy until now in politically sensitive case .
Finley Lamb has Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia - which means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not moved to the correct position . It left the boy, from Wallaseyside, unable to walk and talk and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy . The five-year-old has been building up from 50 metres a day to two or three miles five days a week and is now in mainstream school .
Labour leader attacked decision to abandon rescue missions in the Mediterranean . He said: 'The original decision was a mistake and it should be reversed' Mr Miliband also called on the UK to take 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war . His remarks come amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families .
The 'goblins' are scientifically known as hoodoos - rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion . The softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions . Once known as the Mushroom Valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle .
The Club 417 brothel is currently between a t-shirt shop and television repair company . It was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves . In 2008 Tang became the first person to be found guilty under Australia's sexual servitude laws for forcing the Thai women to work . Tang was sentenced to 10 years in prison, but the women were forced to work six days a week, and were 'forced to work to pay off the debts'
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl . He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker . In recent years there has been a rise in the number of people dressing up in costumes as characters from popular television shows .
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by the Duke of Westminster . The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929 .
The body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered face down in a bath . It is believed she had been lying for four days in the hotel room . Her husband, Eric Isaiah Adusalh, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was said to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died .
Leroy J. Toppins went missing Friday evening while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio . His body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen . Search crews had been searching the area for almost 24 hours, but were hampered by the area's conditions .
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts . Divorcees coming up to retirement age are 13 per cent more likely to delay retirement and continue working .
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years . There are more than 2,000 operations performed on the NHS in 2010 . Experts at the World Congress in Brisbane call for more research to try and better understand women's motivations .
Indian Creek Island Road boasts a median house price of $21.48million, and has topped the list of America's richest streets . The area's tiny population of 86 includes four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes . Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, is Colombian Jaime Galinski, who has only recently been added to the world billionaires list .
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management in Missoula, Montana, is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator . The job ad was first posted in local newspaper The Missoulian, expecting only interest from within Montana . Regardless, the story was almost immediately shared 32,000 on Facebook .
In an extract from the star's book Selfish, the reality TV star reveals what she dines on each day . She changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist . Also creates meal plans for her and her husband Kanye West .
Hannah Overton, 37, has spent seven years in prison for the murder of her adopted son, Andrew Burd, with her husband Larry and five children . After her conviction was overturned last year, prosecutors dropped all charges and will no longer be looking into her case . On a fateful day in 2006, Burd started acting like a Meth addict when she was a four-year-old and started acting strangely . In a news release, Skura said that he would not be trying the case again due to 'a myriad of factors' He said that
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show . The move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools . Teacher Angela Butler said Britain's Got Talent spent two hours at her school . Newtown High School pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and played instruments for producers during preliminary auditions after getting permission from their parents .
The two anglers ventured out on to the open sea with their DIY boat . The 6ft boat was built with scrap plywood, laminate flooring and silicone glue . Men had to call 999 when an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex .
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April . She suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after giving birth to daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003 . The mother-of-two launched Every Mother Counts in 2010 to make pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world .
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, is sharing his efforts to lose over 300lbs without weight loss surgery . The Iowa-based writer ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him 'fatty' As one of 79 million obese Americans, he has become accustomed to the emotional pain of being called fatty and getting verbally abused .
Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich . But the Lib Dem leader accused the Tories of ‘lashing out’ at Labour because they knew they could not win the election . Comments come after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon launched extraordinary attack on Ed Miliband last week .
The Brazilian supermodel, 34, was seen walking for Colcci during So Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil . The mother-of-two sizzled in a white embroidered halterneck dress along with some knee-high gladiator-style boots .
The FBI recovered the 26-pound gold bar from a $5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month . The bar, worth up to $500,000, was recovered in a South Florida location . Two security guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over . Police previously said they suspected it was an inside job .
England drew 2-2 with Norway in the rematch at Seaview Stadium . The match was one of the shortest international matches in history . Leah Williamson stepped up to take the penalty and found the net again . She said: 'They were the longest 24 hours of my life. I hadn't slept'
Police raided Alan Greaves' home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013 . They found the disturbing images on a digital storage device . Nearly 700 were of the most serious category, with a further 872 at next level . Burnley Crown Court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies . Some conspiracy theorists claim the pyramid and eye on the US $1 note is evidence of the Illuminati .
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday . He has been Senator Kelly Ayotte's state director for the last year and also has an elected position on the Manchester school board . Ten men were arrested at hotels after responding to advertisements from women online .
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years . The natural brunette needs to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently .
Angela Maxwell, 67, has returned to her five-hour shift a week after winning £53million . She spent more than four hours preparing meals at Coningsby Community Hall . Couple said they would buy a minibus for pensioners in the community . Mrs Maxwell said she would not stop working at the lunch club where pensioners are served two course meals for £3 .
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 . Torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena taking 100 tons of rupees . It was long assumed that the ship's cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever . Ship was finally discovered 'broken in two and buried deep in the seafloor silt'
Protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic . Police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate. The suspects ran off after he identified himself as a police officer. He was hospitalized with injuries to his face and arm.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom, court heard . He then told her to 'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear . The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out . Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' He told the first police officer: 'We're good, you can go'
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland, where cannabis is decriminalised, have shown that students who were able to buy the drug were five percent less likely to pass their courses . The study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legalisation of cannabis across the world .
New Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK's billion-pound supercar industry . Salespeople turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . A standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with exterior paint alone costing £10,000 .
Greville Janner, 86, has been a barrister for Leicester West for 25 years . It is suspected he used his hobby as a magician to get close to them . But Director of Public Prosecutions ruled not in the public interest because of his age and ill health .
Violeta Tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by placing a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes their lips to swell . The Canberra-based teen had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck . She gasped and put her hand to her mouth in disbelief when she first saw the strange result .
Stella Schaefer being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19, who allegedly murdered her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, 62 . She allegedly stuffed her body in a suitcase, together with her boyfriend, 21 . But while she was being looked after by a friend outside the court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time . Lawyers for both Americans said they rejected premeditated charges that had been laid upon . Mack is accused of murdering her socialite mother in
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material . A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight . An international team of scientists met last week in Mérida, Mexico, to discuss their plans for the crater to start in spring 2016 .
Natasha Hope-Simpson received angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space . 'I'm kind of flattered about that because I've been working pretty hard on my walk to make it look natural,' she told a furious onlooker . The Nova Scotia-based artist turned her handicap into an opportunity to create wearable art and help to design the design on her prosthetic leg .
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 . None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him .
A Lamborghini Gallardo has just crashed into a tree and a bollard . It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather . Private security worker Martin Johnson was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter home from school when the wheel flew past . The driver laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ‘buy another one tomorrow’
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday . The victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am, according to NJ.com . Following the incident, no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed .
Package offered ahead of Al Pacino's three-city speaking tour in UK and Ireland . Most commercial flights on the same route last roughly 80 minutes . Three nights in a five-star hotel in London, transfers and a ticket to the actor's May 22 show at Hammersmith Apollo . If that is too pricey, fans can buy £2,500 ticket that includes 20 minutes of alone time with the actor in his dressing room, or £650 ($1,080)
Two people treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in Goodge Street . The pile-up, which also involved an Audi TT, caused the closure of the road . Driver and passenger of the Mercedes, who were uninjured, stayed around for two hours . No arrests have been made in connection with the crash .
Corey Edwards was born with a congenital heart defect . His biggest wish was for parents Craig and Craig to tie the knot . But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold . Staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside, including getting the Archbishop of Canterbury's permission . Corey died last night, five days after the ceremony .
Burglar stole watches from Vintage Watch Store in Hampstead, north London . He bypassed alarms and evaded CCTV cameras in 'Mission Impossible' He managed to crawl on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams . The thief and accomplice returned the next night but were disturbed .
Russian submarine close to the coast of Britain may have dragged a trawler . The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident . It happened 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland . Damage is thought to have been caused by a Russian submarine .
Manhattan bar attacker Rodney Stover, 48, arraigned Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges . Dilapidated shelter just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year .
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW . She was at Coutts Crossing Public School on the NSW north coast . The mother-of-three's last known whereabouts was in the Lawrence area . Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket . Police have ruled her disappearance a homicide .
23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment . The owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and that he's seen them in the store together before .
The Food Network star, 50, is said to be 'heartbroken' about the split . March questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010 . The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce .
Two 49-year-old women and man, 23, were removed from plane just before it left Bristol for Faro . Bristol Airport police requested the delayed passengers board the flight in anticipation of air traffic slot time improving' Ryanair said: 'Abusive, aggressive or anti-social behaviour on board an aircraft will not be tolerated'
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn . One of the teens was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire . The gun that officers believed was real had an orange tip indicating that it was fake, attorney John W. Harris is arguing that the teen posed no threat to police officers or themselves . 'Jamar is really lucky to be alive. With respect to the other kids,
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on murder and child endangering charges in Glenara Bates' death . Bradley took her 2-year-old daughter to a hospital March 29 where she was pronounced dead . The child also had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time . Glenara was weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant .
Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace . The money was stolen in Ryemarket Shopping Centre, Stourbridge, West Midlands . Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes . Police believe one person took advantage of the drama reaching into her handbag and stealing £60 cash .
Sony boss Danny Cohen wants long-running sci-fi series to be turned into a movie . But Doctor Who’s creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film . Leaked Sony emails reveal BBC bosses want to turn series into Hollywood blockbuster .
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working in Croydon, south London . The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women between October 2010 and September 2011 . Court heard he was medically discharged from the Army in April 2014, and was suspended in 2011 after the allegations against him came to light . He denies the allegations, saying: 'That never happened ma'am'
Irish tourist Patrick Lyttle will be sentenced in Sydney's local court . He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, in Kings Cross on January 3 . The 32-year-old spent six days in a coma and was supported by his family . Patrick's brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and he agreed .
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay, Washington, for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the Coast Guard . William D. Kelley, 50, who has improved from critical to serious condition, is 'not able to speak at the moment' His fellow kayaker, Dennis Caines, took the group by surprise and said the weather was calm as they paddled to a lunch break .
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington . Small but growing group of royal fans serenaded the monarch with a song . John Loughery, 60, camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 Royal Wedding . He was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest .
Two best mates from rural Victoria have made memorabilia that encapsulates the vernacular . Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the idea for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago . The pair have a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo .
High There! is described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts . The network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . App quickly became popular in New York, California and Colorado, with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks and it’s expected to hit Netherlands, Spain, England and Australia .
The 10in tall lamp dating back to around 1840 will be sold at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26 . Nightingale penned nursing notes at her Derbyshire home after returning from the Crimean War .
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a federal official about jobs for veterans turned out to be with President Obama . The White House had asked Vivant Solar to send a representative with military affiliation to the Hill Air Force Base during Obama's visit last week . 'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman .
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska . Instead, researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia . This is a group of people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait .
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, face child abuse charges . Couple took five of their children on a trip to Oakland, California . Left two daughters - a teen who is Phillips' biological child and a three-year-old . But the teen was too scared to call for help, police said .
More than three years ago Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother . Their mother Laura Garrett had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia . She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti . The two eldest children, Claire and Emily, told 60 Minutes they had moved on from the ordeal . 'I think they were thinking more about themselves than us, you know, because they're the adults,' they said .
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could . But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night . Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in . the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way . Eight tornadoes roared across northern and central Illinois during Thursday's storms, the National Weather Service confirmed Saturday .
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to travel to the Middle East . Has been fighting for group affiliated with al-Qaeda who are fighting Syrian forces . Two sons were killed fighting government forces in two separate incidents . Amer, who is also fighting for the group, has not been in contact with his father .
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, was given the VC in August 2013 . He braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue a wounded Marine in Helmand . The bravery took place as his unit came under attack for an hour . It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living recipient .
The bill says the recent proliferation of powerful hand dryers is efficient, but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears . It would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . The hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level .
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby . She made comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings . Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has now launched an investigation .
Austin West, 4, drowned in a pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina, on April 6 . Family went to set up GoFundMe page to raise money to cover grandson's funeral costs and related expenses . They have discovered fake pages that carry the deceased boy's name on the site . The page has since been deleted, but the family are still in desperate need of donations .
Eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit 23C yesterday . Mother frantically tried to open door when keys to Range Rover were locked . Police officer PC Resteghini smashed car window with his baton to save baby . Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park . It is second hottest day of the year so far beaten by today when temperatures soared to nearly 24C .
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, wants 25-year-old Marion Marechal-Le Pen to replace him . He said: 'If I must make a sacrifice for the future of the movement, I would not be the one to cause it damage' Former paratrooper remains Front’s honorary president and will retain his seat in the European Parliament . Marine, 46, accused her father of 'political suicide' after he called Holocaust 'a detail of history' and had also praised France’s wartime leader Marshal Petain .
The Nebraska native, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated's swimsuit issue . She's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . The size 16 bombshell recently revealed to Yahoo Style that her first job ever was lingerie .
A pair of Arctic foxes viciously fight to the death on a snowy Iceland mountainside to claim a lone Vixen . Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling .
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 black cadets aged 15 to 25 . Victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his demands . One victim fell pregnant when he raped her in locked waiting room, jurors heard . Southwark Crown Court heard Mee told her she was a 'sweet child'
A state investigation has been launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley . Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need but say their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right . They have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it . Governor Jerry Brown has said that if drought continues this system will probably need to be examined .
The email was shared on Reddit by an unnamed woman yesterday . Requests included a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book . She even demands that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them .
Maurice Thibaux caused quite a stir at Sunday's opening show held at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh - in Sydney's inner city . The 67-year-old French native crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise . He said the noise was 'similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head' Neighbour Jane Houselander said she did not sleep on Sunday night and neither did her neighbour who was extremely upset .
Angels slugger Josh Hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in late February, it has emerged . The divorce petition was filed in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA . Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton . In March, Mrs Hamilton submitted a general denial to her husband's petition and this month, the couple agreed not to communicate
Castro shook hands 'for hours' before going to a school . Last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in January 2014 .
Charles and Camilla finally married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall . Couple are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside . Photo, which is the work of top photographer Oliver Dann, was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the U.S.
Protesters call on government to raise Sewol after government officials say they will consider it . The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students . More than 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry, with nine victims still unaccounted for when divers called off the dangerous search of its interior last November .
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business . The mechanic's post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting national media attention . Critics have accused the 35-year-old businessman of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month .
Roxy Wallace, 50, began to struggle with depression shortly after marrying 50-year-old Roxy in 1994 . It led to crippling migraines, which made Roxy distance herself further from family . Roxy is now happier than ever after starting hormone treatment with full backing of her family and Roxy hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by Christmas .
Larry Upright, 81, hated Hillary so much she made it into his obituary . His daughter Jill McLain said that the rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics .
Viv Nicholson, 79, died on Saturday at the age of 79 . She won the equivalent of 18 shillings, 8d on Littlewoods Pools in 1961 . The cake-factory worker from Yorkshire was earning £7 a week at the factory . Her husband Bruce Forsyth, a coal miner, won the same amount in night shifts .
Police have swarmed three bedroom Leeton home where Stephanie Scott's accused killer, Vincent Stanford, 24, lived with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke . Detectives first arrived at the property on Wednesday night speaking to two occupants before Mr Stanford arrived home and charged . They allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott . The house, which is on the market for $179,000, was left permanently ajar as investigator
Tibor Racsits, 42, and his daughter Kiara, 13, were attacked outside a shopping centre in Newcastle, north of Sydney . The father was walking his daughter down the stairs when he pushed a man out of the way to their car . His daughter can be heard screaming as she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete .
Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel was released from rehab on January 28 after entering a facility on January 20 . Manziel had been partying since last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority . Now he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position, who just signed a $14 million contract with the team . This after Manziel's hard-partying and off-the-field antics were well known .
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was on pace to beat her personal record at the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon that took place earlier this month . The women's race was changed from the 2014 race because several turns were missed allowing her to get lost . She was brought back on track by a police officer who brought her back to the finish line by the cops .
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week . The seven-bedroom Mediterranean-style home has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym . Jones warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March .
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was taken from home in Belfast to London in 1970s . Allegedly abused by politicians at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House . It is now under investigation by Scotland Yard for alleged VIP paedophile rings . Claims add weight to calls for allegations about Irish children’s home to be covered .
Customs officials found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub stuffed in a suitcase . Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found . If it turns out to be the case, the woman - held in detention pending a decision on any charges - faces up to seven years in jail .
Chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank after hitting iceberg . Found bobbing on surface of Atlantic by crew of the Mackay-Bennett . One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur . Has been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector . Anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state .
Lawyers for Victorian woman Tania Isbester appealed to the High Court . They hope to have her Staffordshire terrier saved from being put down . The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm injury in August 2012 . Izzy was seized by Knox City Council in June 2013 . This is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard .
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . For Heislip, the tumors on his body began appearing around puberty but became more severe as he aged . He accepted Todd Ray's offer to join the Venice Beach Freakshow a few weeks ago and said it gives him the platform to talk about his condition to people who otherwise just stare .
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz devised a lesson plan last month to learn more about her students' personal struggles . She asked her students to answer the qestion 'I wish my teacher knew...' on a piece of paper and turn it in to her anonymously or share it with the class . The results of the note were heartbreaking, for example, about missing her father, who was deported six years ago back to Mexico .
Prince Harry is taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin . He met village elders and children, camped in the Outback and was taught how to survive a bushfire . The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter - similar to Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012 . Harry is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years' service .
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898 . List was sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . Offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour' in comparison to today's fixed penalty or fine .
Two Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are appealing to Indonesia's constitutional court . The pair are currently waiting on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date . They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . Indonesian Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the move as a delay tactic .
Ninian Peckitt repeatedly punched a patient in the face ten times to fix his broken cheekbone, a medical hearing heard . Patient A had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident . He required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone . The groundbreaking facial surgeon was 'erased' from the medical register after the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service found his fitness to practice was impaired .
The lobster restaurant in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had said that it would no longer allow 'small screaming children' into its dining room . The commenters said that they would never grace their doors if they paid me. Their lack of compassion to even post in a professional manner leaves such a bad taste who would bother to try the food!' The restaurant later posted an apology on its Facebook page saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy .
Judy Murray, 55, took to floor at reception after wedding at Dunblane Cathedral . She said wedding to Andy, 27, to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears, also 27 had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful' Mrs Murray did not take to the dance floor first and let the bride and groom lead the evening’s festivities at Cromlix House Hotel, bought by Andy in 2013 for £1.8million .
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, bought home in 1987 . Couple converted it into their dream home but it became a 'living hell' They have both suffered health problems as a result of their ordeal .
Summer Elbardissy was partying at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house . She tried to reach a makeshift roof deck, according to newly-released police reports . But instead of making it onto the deck, she fell out of a third-story window . Moments later, another teenager heard what 'sounded like a thud hitting the ground' She was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including a brain injury and swelling, a broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising . Seven months on, she is
The 34-year-old reality TV star was pictured dining with rapper Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Tuesday . In another photo, the famous couple were reportedly blurred out by a copy of the $692 bill . Ultra-conservative Jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature .
Apple will only accept online orders for its watch during the initial launch period . Watch will be available for pre-order on Friday, April 10, 2015 . Customers can try on the watch at their local Apple Store or at Galeries Lafayette in Paris, Isetan in Tokyo, Selfridges in London and the UK .
Sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from food to entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests . A Life of Pi party was avoided when an owner threw a party with two live Siberian tigers on board, allowing partygoers to pose for selfies with the animals . The biggest challenges were sorting out insurance and paperwork, and lifting the animals onto the superyacht .
Prime Minister will announce an extension of the right-to-buy policy . The National Housing Federation said subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn . Move could cut the number of low-cost social homes available for poor families . Labour said the policy had 'unravelled' and said it was affordable . But Theresa May defended the policy on BBC this morning .
Russell Henley was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week . Clearly, his response paid off and just six hours later, United Airlines returned his golf clubs to him . The model flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane . United Airlines apologised for the mix-up and sent him a letter of apology .
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of northern San Diego County shortly after 11:30am . The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station .
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale . One person trapped inside their vehicle and Fire and Rescue crews used hydraulic cutting gear to free them . Six other people, including an infant and two young girls, have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times, meaning naps really could help students revising their memory .
World No. 1 golfer Tiger Woods has dropped out of the Top 100 . His children Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and Lindsey Vonn were caddied . Bubba Watson's wife Angie wore a typical white jumpsuit while she carried her infant daughter Dakota . Rory McIlroy brought One Directioner Niall Horan along for the day's events .
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs . Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone .
Two-deck vessel 'flipped' after men on deck ran to one side, sudden movement and weight pitching them into sea . Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in . Dazed and exhausted survivors, including several children, were taken to Lampedusa and ports in Sicily, Calabria and Tunisia . UN refugee agency said 145 people had been rescued, all from sub-Saharan countries, and nine bodies had been recovered .
The images were taken by German artist Jörg Düsterwald . They show body-painted models camouflaged in overgrown woodland . The 49-year-old has been body painting for the last 20 years .
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research . Almost two-thirds of research funding allocated to cancer was spent to dementia . Oxford University academics say overall research funding has not been cut .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston, Lancashire . The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder . But police officer investigating the case went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time . Mr Kay has now taken case to IPCC after the investigating officer 'went off sick'
TravelMail offers you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or Coutts bank account necessary . PrivateFly's Empty Legs offers up to 75 per cent off for Joe Normal Blogs . Current deals include London to New York on a Legacy 650 . Stay in a castle in the US where tickets within the US start at $536 (£369) each way .
Conchita van der Waal had worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years . For the past six of them, she has offered her sexual services at £300 an hour . Her website, taken offline, shows provocative images including one of her SS cap .
Former Labour PM signed contract with consultancy firm in 2013 . Includes carrying out a 'stocktake' of mining deals and confidentiality clauses . Critics say there could be conflict of interest between Blair's role in the Middle East and earning money from other sovereign states .
SNP warned it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap Trident nuclear defence programme . Stewart Hosie said SNP would vote against 'any bit of spending' it does not agree with . Senior Conservatives warned threat to veto public spending across entire departments unless it gets its way could lead to a US-style government shutdown .
BVA says it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle . Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls if Tories win election . NFU president Meurig Raymond said TB incidence has decreased .
Dr Mark Porter said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges . All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use .
Sue and Charlie MacDonald raised Gareth and his three brothers in a tiny welsh village of Rhewl-Mostyn and now regret that they didn't teach him to be more 'streetwise' The couple met Glen Rycroft, 37, of Salford, Manchester and they started a dating in 2005 . Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Garenth out of thousands of pounds and when his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit, he murdered him in 2007 . Rycroft was found guilty of murder
The 29-year-old wore a white chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles . The party was to celebrate the opening of the West End dining institution, The Ivy Chelsea Garden . Davy and Forte were spotted together recently at the wedding of property magnate Caspar MacDonald-Carter .
Eaze app allows users to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . Sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington . The Californian start-up has just raised $10 million so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states . High There! app is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg .
The row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64 . Former allegedly tried to muscle in on Mr Bretti's patch on hot day last year . Pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day . Bretti said he felt dizzy and frightened after the altercation and went straight to the police .
The mammoth turnip weighs 33lbs and measures 4ft long across . Pictures of it have gone viral in Yunnan Province, China . The plant had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers .
Ex-Prime Minister will ignore warnings from his former Scottish Secretary . Says talking up threat posed by SNP is 'short-term and dangerous' Ex PM will say Labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes . David Cameron said prospect of deal between Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon was 'match made in hell for British economy'
Adam Leheup met the woman through the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app . The 34-year-old allegedly insisted on having sex with her despite her shouting: 'No, no' They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar . He denies raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court .
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, 'shot by Marine veteran Eric Heath Price on Monday' Price 'ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' He then returned to their nearby home and had stand-off with police for hours . When police fired tear gas into house, he came outside and was shot dead . He has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, a nursing student . Court records show couple had been in long-running custody battle over son .
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife . The woman, then-20-year-old Irish student, said Lee undressed, forced his way into the bathroom and pinned her to the floor . Lee's own friend, Rene Duncan, called police believing one of the alleged victim's friends had stolen a car .
Writer has been reworking stage version of Tudor novels for Broadway show . Title of her second book has been ditched in favour of 'Wolf Hall II' The play will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square tomorrow . It features the original British cast as well as director Jermey Herrin . Mantel once pledged not to dumb down work ahead of BBC debut .
Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a camp for the German American Bund where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics . The Bund in the 1930s organized military demonstrations where they waved both the American and Nazi flags in the same way they did in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and New Jersey .
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb and wore dress size 26 . Was mortified with pictures of them as bridesmaids at friend's wedding . Joined Weight Watchers group at Kirkburton with friend Lisa Walters . Mother-of-two determined to change her diet and take up exercise .
Prime Minister's wife wore £185 Hampton wrap dress by The Fold . She arrived at the University Technical Colleges in Swindon this morning .
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour . Process can take up to two years — in just a day or two . The product is the brainchild of 30-year-old Joel Paglione . He claims it is the smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made .
West Coast Railways suspend services following 'most serious' near collision . Incident occurred on March 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal . First nationwide ban by Network Rail since privatisation .
Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Ccomplex in NSW . A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . He was the leader of a series of gang rapes which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics . In 2002 he was sentenced to 55 years' jail and will be eligible for parole if he behaves himself and admits his crime .
Driver Salim alleged to have assaulted British tourist in Jaipur on Friday . The 20-year-old woman has been arrested and is being held in custody . Follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India .
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for about two years and were trying to teach him to an outside animal . When they went missing from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend, they tried to find him, and followed some tracks in the soft grass . The officer said Caesar 'felt threatened' so shot him .
Dozens of protesters were arrested on Thursday at the Mauna Kea site . The $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the world when its scheduled construction is completed . A Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Clegg made desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Smith . Claimed obese sexual predator did not belong to Liberal Democrats at time of abuse . In fact Smith took party whip for four years in Parliament before he died .
Anglican Archbishop Phillip Aspinall has joined a local Catholic priest in calling for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped . The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence . 'I don't think it's reasonable to murder someone who approaches you sexually. Violence is never a constructive response,' he said .
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, was determined to keep in shape during pregnancy . Beat to a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights . Took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to Elaine, who weighed a healthy 7lb 5oz when born .
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly . household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with wealthier families . African-American and Hispanic youth are among the most active Internet users .
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face .
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel allegedly locked two of their children in a closet for days on end and forced them to eat from a bucket and never enroll them in school . A 26-year-old relative told police that the family had 11 children but that the older child was the only two subjected to the treatment . The children, who lived at the Riviera Beach home, picked food out of the trash, which sometimes made them sick .
The mother-of-one discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his three-month-old son Seth to sleep less than a minute with a piece of white tissue paper . She soon learned the trick didn't have a calming effect on her infant . The infant broke out into a wide smile on the Today show this morning .
Clair Schuler is a drag queen who was friends with Durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman . The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s . 'When you saw him in drag honey, eww, it was not pretty. It was blue eye-shadow and red lips, not pretty,' said Schuler . A few months later Dursto was arrested for allegedly killing and
The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed . Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . One in nine North Sea coderies operate sustainably, with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management .
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park since Good Friday - northeast of Melbourne . The 11-year-old boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing from the campground on Friday . A police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to his location on Tuesday . His parents believe the community prayers and Luke’s own resilience is what saw him survive the terrifying ordeal .
A third of owners want their dog to have a 'short-haired' and 'low maintenance' coat . The perfect dog also has the ears of a King Charles spaniel and an Irish setter . 2,000 people voted our ideal dog for different breeds of ideal pets .
Paul Nuttall appeared in party's manifesto holding a book called 'British Rebels and Reformers' The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . After being ridiculed on Twitter, MEP joked: 'I just have two copies of every book'
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Monday and after she woke up with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital . By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .
Kefalonia is a stunning Greek island untainted by the masses . Was the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin . Has been a little bit reluctant to play too freely in the cause ofattracting tourists .
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen in a surveillance photo checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am . He took out $800 in cash and a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga . After he left the store, he withdrew another $100 in cash . Jones, who is divorced, had been with family in Las Vegas for a reunion and was meant to be attending a convention in San Francisco .
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday .
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes she was selling . Advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook, including fake designer handbags . She is on house arrest as a condition of bond .
Chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions on April 22, 1915 . It was the first time it was carried out in the field . chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes, throat and lungs . 1,200 French soldiers were killed in that five-minute gas attack . On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
Karen Buckley, 24, was found dead on a farm north of Glasgow . She went missing after a night out in the city at the weekend . 300 people - including her mother Marian and John - attended a memorial . Man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, arrested in connection with Miss Buckley's death .
Businessman Phil Haste, 60, has valid car parking permit on dashboard . Torbay council abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year . They no longer need to be shown on a vehicle windscreen .
Secretary of State says US will not accept foreign interference in the country . Iran has accused the country of backing Shiite Houthi fighters in a bid to establish a pro-Iran state on its doorstep . Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen .
Hengshui No 2 Middle School installed metal bars on all balconies . Two pupils have committed suicide at the boarding school in Hebei Province . Web users suggest the fence was put up to prevent students 'jumping off'
Council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn . Food was being served to public that had exceeded its use by date . Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items . Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer, also 37, returned to the family home in Omaha, Nebraska, 20 years after they left . They decided to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child . Geoff wanted to photograph his son and Jennifer going about their daily lives among the trash - as they had done years before . But the crumbling house is so unsafe that they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto the images .
The ponchos were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevigne . They were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas . Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the initials .
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out if he or she is on the no-fly list . In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns . The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since 9/11 . But the American Civil Liberties Union, which has been challenging the constitutional
A recent study of four major discount retailers in the U.S. found that 133 out of 164 products tested, including children’s jewellery, floor mats, kitchen utensils and silly straws, contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' An investigation into products sold at Australian two dollar stores could produce similar results, expert Nicole Bijlsma said .
Officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 at night after pulling over driver who suspected was speeding . At the last minute spotted the caravan's back window was open with seconds to spare . The caravan narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two got into their patrol car to give chase .
Rita Wilson, 58, announced on Tuesday that she was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week . Friends flocked to Twitter to pass on their best wishes to the actress . Katie Couric, who is a spokeswoman for colon cancer awareness, was one of the first stars to respond on social media .
Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. Baldwin was arrested by officers returning to the scene of the alleged crime, on 3200 block of D Street SE . The agency revoked his security clearance and put Baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged . His arrest comes two days after a high-ranking supervisor was also put on leave after he was accused of misconduct .
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder . He called his late-wife's sister to plead his innocence a day after facing court . Penny and his wife Margaret were found brutally murdered at a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991 . The two women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed and had their throats cut . Mr Penny has described the accusations as 'bizarre'
Mary Murphy, 66, and her partner John Wood, 67, fell down the stairs . Mr Wood stumbled at the top of the stairs but fell, falling herself . Bodies were found in the hallway of their home in Failsworth, near Oldham . Police initially thought deaths may be suspicious but were investigating .
Remains discovered by street cleaners in north-western Peru . Thought to date back to 1100 AD and was found wrapped in rope . It is thought to have been stolen from an archaeological site known as Chan Chan . Cleaner said: 'I nearly died of heart attack as I saw this grinning skull'
Charity runners taking part in 10km fun run at the weekend left exhausted . Blunder believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break . Instead they continued past unmanned marshall point and ran for three kilometres . Local authority spokesman is investigating what happened to marshal . Said that some runners were 'in tears' while one described the event's organisation as 'shambolic'
Kim Sears' wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more . Zeenat Sabvur from wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their dresses nowadays .
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market . He opened first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at age of 18 in 1990 . Became self-made millionaire when he sold company for £50million 10 years later . Today, he lives in a 13-bedroom mansion with its own swimming pool and pub . But he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife, Tracy, with whom he has three children: Joe, Ashley and Katie .
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months . Son Steve says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . After finding 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge, he is calling for more to be done to improve food standards .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will make their puppet debut later this month on ITV's new comedy series, Newzoids . Their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of Prince Harry, as well as a roster of celebrities . Sketches include David Cameron slug it out with Nick Clegg on a puppet version of The Jeremy Kyle Show .
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by 1.5 per cent . London will fare the worst, with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over next year . Economists said that the housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ in 2015 . This year will be the first since 2009 that the UK as a whole out-performs London .
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19. 'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People . She is the third child to marry and every marriage has resulted in a baby the first year of marriage .
Geelong College principal Andrew Barr was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . A search of his computer was launched after the picture appeared on social media site Snapchat . Chairman of the Gealong College council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards . 'As no point' did Mr Barr's actions affect the care provided to students .
More than 25 women have been airlifted from Royal Navy ships because of pregnancy, FOI reveals . One ship - HMS Ocean – even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency 'medevacs' Ministry of Defence confirm strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea . Rule suggests women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave . Last May three women made history by becoming the first female submariners to serve in the Royal Navy .
Sporty Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging in London today for the second time this week . The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton in June to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .
DenTrek kits can provide temporary fillings or repair caps and crowns . Department for Health figures show more people than ever receiving dental treatment on the NHS . But anecdotal evidence suggests DIY dentistry is on the rise .
Frank Abagnale says people in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen by digital fraudsters . His early life on the run from the FBI was brought to life by Leonardo Di Caprio . In the film he posed as a doctor, lecturer, lawyer and airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison .
Jamyra Gallmon has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the Donovan Hotel . Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . Gallmon told detectives that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the hotel with the intention of robbing him .
The questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from 'strongly agree' to "strongly disagree" Another question asked if it is 'okay for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid' KFC's human resources boss, Robert Phipps, claimed the test was designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for fo jobs with the company .
Severe weather warnings were issued by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday . But they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast, which they did not know exactly where . The storm formed in the worst possible spot, which was just north of Newcastle . It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live .
Former Scottish First Minister hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon . Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland . Mr Salmond has chosen to stand in Gordon constituency where Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down .
The 3-bedroom home, dubbed 'PV14', also boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake . Architect Michael Gooden said the designers wanted people to know what they were standing in when they stepped into the home . Spray foam was also used between the building layers to provide insulation that the containers can't provide . The walls of the shipping containers were removed and the walls were unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors .
Raymond Allen still has hand-written copy of recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices . But the 87-year-old, from Jersey in the Channel islands, says KFC has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined' and will never set foot in one again .
Flowers infected with deadly xylella fastidiosa bacteria have ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year . Protesters tried unsuccessfully to block the trees from being felled in Oria, near Brindisi, saying it won't contain the bacteria's spread .
Genetic analysis of bones found in limestone in Altamura, Italy, shows they belong to a Neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago . The bones were fused to the walls of the cave and are believed to be brutish creatures who chomped their way through huge hunks of meat .
Hunchback Friedrich Brandt, 23, was killed in 1815 by Napoleon's forces . He was found with a musket ball between his ribs in Bexhill-on-Sea . It took three years of intense research to pin-point Brandt's identity . Historians had to use what little records remain from the 1815 battle to piece together the story .
Billions of jellyfish spotted in water off the coast of Devon and Cornwall . Jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb and is 'eerie and a little unnerving' Sea life cruiser stunned to find thousands of the jellyfish over a mile .
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima . The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens . This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
Jessica Howard, 23, confronted 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, in court yesterday . 'Your attack literally darkens every piece of joy I have,' she told him . Howard, who is not related to the rapist, was today jailed for life and one of his victim's . He was described as ‘every woman’s living nightmare’, he prowled the streets of Cambridge and Norwich looking for victims .
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits . Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons . Kate wore the Natasha coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January .
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish found floating in the water at commercial fish farm in southern China's Guangdong Province . The lake had become contaminated with an excessive quantity of ammonia which led to the death of the fish . Farmer Mr Zhang stands to lose over 1 million RMB (£110,000) in potential sales and says he will need a decade to recover .
Ed Miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by SNP . Insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy, even if he fails to win majority . Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with the support . SNP demanded welfare cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in minimum wage in return for propping up Labour government .
Six people on light aircraft crash in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island today . Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain . Pilot was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing when plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames .
Chair will be removed from its enclosure and displayed in an open plaza on April 15 as part of the museum's observance of the assassination's 150 anniversary . Lincoln was shot in Ford's Theatre in Washington D.C. on April 14, 1865 . The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting .
489 British holidaymakers stranded overnight on MV Azores in Lisbon . Ship had been set to leave Lisbon at 7pm with 489 heading back to Bristol . But owners were served with summons for 'unpaid debt' and financial wrangle . Master refused to let the ship leave for Bristol, where it sailed 19 hours late . Court order sparked by former staff member and 'historic' financial arrangement .
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command . Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
Police fatally shot 23-year-old Thaddeus McCarroll after he 'refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife' A police body camera recorded the interaction on Friday night . The woman told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey"" and 'a "mission" and mentioned a 'black revolution'
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had first child three months ago . Gay couple enlisted help of three surrogate mothers for third time in weeks . Couple welcomed daughter Phoenix Harris and daughter Willow-Star . Viktoria Ellis gave birth to daughter after 16-hour labour on February 25 . Baby number three – known as a boy – is being carried by Bex Harris .
Around 20 million sufferers in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year, pollen experts told MailOnline . Pollen causes streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat - for the first time . By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8million sufferers .
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds, who only drink eight cups each week. Nearly a quarter of 18 to 25s say they put the kettle on when they are feeling down, compared to just 11% of men .
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight by doctors . The 37-year-old was determined to shed the weight but her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods . She weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time .
Marilyn Zuniga sparked outrage for allowing class to pen letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal . 60-year-old is serving life for shooting cop Daniel Faulkner in 1981 . But she claims the students wanted to write to him after he became ill .
Bill Dudley is still 'lovin' it' and has no plans to quit fast-food joint in Mold, Flintshire, north Wales . Great grandfather and Second World War veteran joined McDonald's nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house . His special day on Wednesday marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away . McDonalds hailed the great-grandfather as 'a real asset to us'
Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the three-drug mix is constitutional . The new bill effective from November 2015 moves the electric chair back from second preference to third, while firing squad becomes a distant fourth choice if all other methods are unavailable . Opponents say the method is 'fast and painless - it's foolproof'
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24 . After they were left to duke it out, a trainee corrections officer waded in . He fired off his shotgun four times in a row, according to the lawsuit . Suit alleges wrongful death, excessive force, deliberate indifference to Perez's medical needs .
Author Stéphane Charbonnier argued that left-leaning intellectuals were 'ridiculous demagogues' for doing so . Said: 'Since I am educated, I understand that Charlie Hebdo is using humour'
Scientists may have captured the song of a new species of whale living in the Antarctic . The song can't be identified and doesn't fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whales . Experts have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing .
In the clip, Aracely Meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza, as she uses oils to try and bring the boy back to life . She also speaks in tongues during the 'rising ceremony' lasting hours . Meza was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to child by omission, according to police .
Albuquerque man Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday . Police say he had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer, police say . The father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air . He continued 'he was yelling racial slurs at the officers, "F the police,' and he told us that we'll never find that gun' Bar
Temperatures expected to peak at 22C tomorrow, topping April's April average of 20.7C (69F) Government issues health warning to asthma sufferers of 'very high' air pollution tomorrow . Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs issues warning to adults and children with lung problems .
Hamilton College received a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building early Monday morning . Only a part of the campus was placed on lockdown . A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that was found at the recently renovated building . The suspect allegedly told school officials he or she would shoot any student seen walking around campus .
The I Love Lucy statue was unveiled in 2009 sparking a Facebook campaign . Six years later it has been called Scary Lucy and has been dubbed 'scary Lucy' A host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world .
Four high-achieving teens have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools . While they all grew up in different cities, they are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America . Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, Harold Ekeh from New York, say they have their parents' hard work to thank . The 18-year-old was born and raised in Minnesota after her parents fled Somalia during the civil war .
Hilary Border, 54, from Newark, had power of attorney over her mother's affairs . Mother-of-three required to pay £300-a-week for 83-year-old's care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all . Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between October 2012 and November 20 last year, despite prosecution saying £39,500 .
Thousands lined the streets of Dereham, Norfolk today to wave goodbye to the Light Dragoons . The reconnaissance unit, which has served in Iraq and Afghanistan, is moving to Catterick, North Yorkshire, after 15 years . 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags - many of the school children from military families - lined the route . They are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home .
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts . His plea deal fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person . However, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty . He would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted .
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30 . He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . Prosecutors said he waited until the initial salvo had ended to reload and discharge the last of the 49 rounds he fired .
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps . Females were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations . Males tend to prefer capturing prey with their hands, research shows . The findings suggest early females were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them hunt .
Robin Wright eschewed Hollywood fame to raise her two children instead . She wore a slinky dress from Reem Acra's Fall 2013 collection . Olivia Wilde, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé and Zooey Deschanel love her feminine designs .
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday . The mother-of-four broke the record for the quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour . Although the four teams of two competing against her didn't even come close to winning, they were allowed to split their dinners .
Row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to show happy meals for a margherita pizza . Top pizza chef described the advert as 'blasphemy' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association accused McDonald's of a 'shameful' attack .
KFC tour the back of Australia's 612 KFC stores and roam from freezer to fryer on Saturday . The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen . 'If you look at the ingredients and processes we use, it's actually like fabulous home cooked food,' said KFC's Nikki Lawson . Four couples who had registered as skeptics and fans attended a tour outside Sydney's Mascot Airport .
Woman in her mid- to late 30s was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt on Saturday . She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to 'f*** off' The hunt was run by Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation at Caulfield Racecourse . The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation while raising money for charity .
Woman, who has not been named, arrested on suspicion of infanticide . But charge was dropped after she explained the baby had been stillborn . She had placed her dead baby in a pond in Weasenham St Peter in June 1988 . The pond was found by teenagers on a Sunday afternoon outing on June 5 . He has now been exhumed but CPS decide whether to charge her with failing to register a birth and preventing a lawful burial.
Huma Abedin, 38, was pictured grabbing a Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan, two . The family enjoyed their second spicy menu of the week at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon . Staff at the Iowa branch of the fast food favorite did not pay a tip jar . Abeddin and her husband were seen ordering a burrito bowl and salad at the 'Scooby Van' in an Iowa branch this week .
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested for murder in March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman in 2000 . He was accused of killing Berman to stop her from talking to authorities about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . After his arrest, authorities intercepted a package containing personal items and $117,000 that was sent to his hotel room for Everette Ward - the name he used to register there . The package of $100 bills, a head-and-chest latex mask and a map folded to show Louisiana, Florida and Cuba were evidence that Dur
Jake Castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . The teenager joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: 'We don't talk to police!' Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
Castle Toward, near Dunoon used to train troops for D-Day landings . It was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus by Winston Churchill in 1942 . Soldiers practised beach landings, complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach .
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed early for breaking sister's bucket . Father Jason desperately tried to save his son but he died in hospital . Coroner said eight-year-old was probably looking for 'sympathy and forgiveness'
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find the 220 missing schoolgirls . It is now a year since more than 200 girls were kidnapped by Boko Haram . Attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called '#bringbackourgirls'
Tommy Thompson, 62, led an excursion to the Ship of Gold in 1988 . Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck . He and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, failed to appear in court in 2012 . They have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio .
People with sleep apnoea more likely to have early decline in memory . US researchers’ results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems .
Susan Monica, 66, a pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford, Oregon . She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering their bodies . Monica shot Robert Haney and Stephen Delicino a year apart at her pig farm in Jackson County, Oregon, and 'shot both in the head'
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back . The vehicle had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire . Crew had left the back doors of the ambulance open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain . They returned to find Hargreves and the girl, who has not been named, lying on top of each other . When confronted by a paramedic Michael Newman he said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have s
Investigation ruled negligence as a factor in Carwyn Scott-Howell's death . The seven-year-old plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France . His family were expected to bring his body home this weekend .
The detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on Sydney streets, defining it as a ‘real revolution and turning point in photography’ The camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device . 'Pesky snap shooters' were the reason people initated early discussions about surveillance and privacy laws .
The first four episodes of Game of Thrones' fifth season were downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning . The series follows the ambitions and betrayals of competing noble factions and families in the fantasy world of Westeros . Among the leaked episodes are titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and The Sons of the Harpy . Anti-piracy company Excipio said that episodes from the show's first four seasons were illegally downloaded seven million times between February and April 2015 .
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday . It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed . The plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing . Two men were taken into custody, while the other passengers were removed .
American tourist drove wrong way down Thai road and crashed into 13 vehicles . Police chased her through Pattaya region before they shot out three wheels . Car came to a halt 30 minutes later when she refused to open the door . Officers broke passenger window of Toyota Innova to arrest her . She was then bundled into police car to protect her from angry mob .
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down more than £1.50 a pop and totalling 1,540 calories . Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb and she is now a slim size 12 .
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching a deadly bug while undergoing treatment at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton . She had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer but died because of an infection at the hospital . Several hospital rooms were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain in the room next door . Raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower
U.S consumer advisory group said while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans . Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased .
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear traditional dress as they should 'show' respect towards different customs . His address to Criminal Justice Alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system . Rebekah Dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying .
Muhammad Naviede, 60, died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted . Sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash in Buckinghamshire . Air Accident Investigation Branch said text was 'unusual' as plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent .
Since its closure in 1996, the once-overcrowded prison has become infamous for the medical testing that took place on its inmates . Images published in 2011 show the prison's crumbling hallways, empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs . Nearly two decades after it closed in 1995, the institution's halls have fallen eerily silent . Many of the inmates were killed in one incident in 1952, an autopsy found he was beaten to death .
Glynis Barber insists she is a 'coward' for her healthy lifestyle . The actress says she has transformed her figure over the past two years . She tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast – instead she has two large meals a day .
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses . On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday .
Labour leader admits his party had been 'too timid' about integration . But Tories say he wants to act to reduce number of people moving to UK . He pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers . New unit of 100 will bring together Gangmasters Licensing Authority .
The Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom . Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act . The supermarket chain has asked the National Employment Standards to be amended to 'enable employers and employees greater flexibility to determine reasonable working hours above the standard 38 hour week'
Leo Grand launched his own app, Trees for Cars, on the night he launched his first, and predicted that his life was going to change . It's been a year and a half since that moment led to Grand and his mentor, Patrick McConlogue, becoming media sensations . Grand realized he could go through $100 or he would teach him how to code . He provided Grand with daily lessons, as well as a laptop, wireless hot spot, coding books, a solar charger and office space .
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago . 60-year-old joined Heathrow Airport as plane refueller in 2007 . His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes three decades after he was medically discharged .
Homeowner Esam Ghazzawi and his wife Anoud left their Florida home in August 2001, but did not take cars, furniture and food from their fridge . At least one 'family member' had attended the same Venice, Florida, flight school as the hijackers, according to reports in the New York Post . The FBI told the Review Commission that the report was 'poorly written' and 'wholly unsubstantiated' An FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said the family had 'many connections to individuals associated with 9/11/2001'
Father-of-one Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with aggressive lung cancer . He visited doctors five times in two months, despite coughing up blood . But after noticing a dull ache in his ribs, he was taken to A&E . X-ray revealed he had aggressive cancer that had spread to his liver . Has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is undergoing chemotherapy .
The wooden chair was salvaged by a British collector from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912 . Six or seven deckchairs were picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia . One was given to a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had worked on the Mackay-Bennett . The anonymous seller kept the chair by large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast, never sat on it . He used it as a 'spectacular display item', adding: 'I
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate . As he got in his car later he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek . He was mobbed by fans in the seat where Ukip leader hopes to become an MP .
Australian-born royal, 43, treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand . The quartet wowed in a striking lilac gown embellished with silver beadwork on the first night .
Models Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim will walk the runway at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . The models will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney . Jeremy and Katinka Somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual choice .
Schoolboy was on holiday with his mother, nine-year-old Antonia and brother Gerwyn when he fell over a 164ft drop . Footprints in the snow led police to his body, investigators revealed last night . He was described as a ‘daring, outgoing and determined’ youngster whose ‘handsome smile lit up any room’
Woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province . She had been visiting the toilet at the restaurant for a long time . After she came out, she went back to her seat, sitting there without speaking a word . Police insisted she have emergency treatment and took her to the hospital as her daughter .
Ukip leader was expected at farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack government over defence spending . But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . Faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 . He missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him .
Historic Carlton Tavern pub bulldozed by developers without warning . Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners to close for 'inventory' but returned two days later to find it no longer standing . Developer CLTX Ltd was denied planning permission to turn pub into flats . Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against developers .
Millions of Brits made the most of the sunny weather today by heading to beaches and parks across the country . Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William . Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean .
Bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from away game shot at . Driver was taken to hospital with suspected heart problem after attack . Incident happened on Saturday night after 5-1 win over the Black Sea side . Turkish FA and Turkish clubs condemn attack on the bus .
Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken hostage by Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front last week . 46-year-old died in hospital when members stormed courthouse and took him hostage . Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . Court imposed blocks as pictures of siege were being shared on social media .
FBI chief James Coney said the force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot' New recruits to the FBI have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam . A man in his 50s is permitted 15.14m for the mile run and 83 seconds for the sprint .
Up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station . No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past . Bomb may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates .
Katie Cope, 17, had to close shop to detain a shoplifter for three hours . Thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave . Police finally got to vintage clothing store and said knickers were not worth enough .
Officials called off the rescue operation after only saving three of the 149 dolphins that had beached in Hokota, around 60 miles northeast of Tokyo . Officials said the rest of the animals had either died or were dying . Volunteers and locals had joined forces with coastguards to try and save the 146 melon-headed whales . They also used slings to carry some back into the water after they were seen early on Friday morning writhing in pain .
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas, claims a Whataburger in Austin denied service because the student was wearing lingerie . Video footage posted to Twitter shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity .
IPCC to investigate claims former Met chief failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry . It stems from a complaint from Neville Lawrence, the father of murdered Stephen . Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Met Police from 1998 to 2000 . He was five years' senior officer before serving as UK's most senior policeman .
Simply Nigella will host a series about 'back to basics' cooking . It will mark the chef's first solo venture with the broadcaster since breakdown . She briefly appeared on screen in U.S as co-presenter for Taste . But she was stopped from flying to the UK after confessing to cocaine . Show will focus on 'food that makes us feel better, more alive and less stressed'
Wigry National Park is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Poland’s Lake District) It is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits . The hotel rents mountain bikes and Nordic walking poles, and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails .
Kent Sprouse was convicted of the 2002 slayings of Ferris Police Officer Marty Steinfeldt, 28, and one of his accomplices, Pedro Moreno, 38, in Dallas . The charges were dropped and he was put to death by lethal injection on Thursday evening . He would be the fifth inmate executed this year in Texas .
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at West End casino . She left his door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home . Granger was cleared of murder but found her guilty of manslaughter . Kyrron Jackson and Nicholas Chandler, both 28, were convicted of murder .
Police Scotland's Edinburgh division has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40% . They posted pictures of the Lego models on Facebook as part of a move . Victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke'
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, secretly designed a giant billboard on the A34 . He proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, by asking her to marry him on Friday . But he was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster . The billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'Tara you've changed my life. Will you marry me?' Paul left at 4am on Friday to help put the poster on the billboard .
Francis Pusok, 30, allegedly stole horse in Hesperia, California, on Thursday . Footage shows two deputies kicking him in the groin for two minutes . They continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns . Sheriff has ordered an investigation into the incident .
Get Rid of Sids had been organising events featuring US anti-vaccination campaign Sherri Tenpenny . The not-for-profit organisation has now had its charity status revoked . This means the organisation will lose its right to tax concessions and its deductible gift recipient status . It was forced to cancel discussions after threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
Nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away, making it one of the most distant planets ever found . The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing . This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light . It could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way .
Phylise Davis-Bowens, who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37, launched a lawsuit on Monday . She said she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience . The student had wanted to join the dance troupe for her thesis in 2009 but was still denied an audition for the dance team .
Experts say the procedure should only be carried out when 'medically necessary' They added that it can lead to 'significant complications, disability or death' A planned caesarean costs the NHS an average of £2,369 compared to a natural birth at £1,665 .
Josiah Duggar, 18, is the latest 19 Kids and Counting star to announce that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson . The pair met while they were taking Spanish lessons together . Hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day .
Shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt was visiting a Derbyshire primary school when he asked the year six pupil if he could take part in next month's election . The 10-year-old told the Labour MP: 'I don't really think my son understands the impact of what he said, but I do personally support an Australian points system' Mr Hunt's remarks were filmed by a Ukip spokesman who claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda' from the party's rivals .
A man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet in Florida when he was bit . He was bitten on the right side of his head as well as his back, torso and head . The victim was airlifted to a trauma unit at St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit .
Jack Black was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild . He has broadened his network to a ten-mile radius, visiting houses and flats and even college and university campuses, offices, schools and sports clubs . The friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him .
House in central London's Farm Street was once a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century . In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the four-bedroom property . At 8,139 square ft, it is on the market for £25million and boasts an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace .
The 24-year-old English model is one of the first to be a full-bodied tattooed one at that . He has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes . Hardy says tattoos were never about impressing or gaining popularity amongst the tatt loving community .
The MoD's Aerodrome Manual was uploaded onto a public section of their website . It could have been downloaded by Argentina to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands . This comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Sukhoi SU-24 long-range bombers from Russia .
Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on Wednesday when a 22-year-old man interrupted them . The suspect pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow, sources told the New York Post . When he told the man to back off he stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources said . Pero Antic, who plays for the Atlanta Hawks, was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen leaving the
Cameraman Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse . Two jurors told the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer . One took a picture of its license plate and said he thought he wasn't doing anything wrong . Judge Susan Garsh called the former New England Patriot player and his lawyers up to have a private discussion .
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya catapulted 100mph into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend . At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . However, when they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes . To date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on Facebook .
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south eastern China, drank the water as part of a prank . He lost his voice and told teachers it was a joke and she didn't think he would drink it . But experts at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk, say water, perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage .
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet with her daughter and her friend . She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss 'mocktail' for the 10-year-old girl . Restaurant admitted to making the mistake but blamed her mother . 'It makes me out to be a bad mother but they made the mistake,' she said .
Wendy Goyer claims her 'small but charming view' would be obstructed if neighbour's additions are built . Couple's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million . But council approved plans for additions to the home back in August 2013 despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer's views would be destroyed .
Shakespeare described Richard III as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' But his skeleton was found to have a distinctive scoliosis on it . The condition caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other . Analysis of his spine showed he had blue eyes and likely had blonde hair .
Amelia-Jane Harris developed Crohn's disease and was bullied at school . The 20-year-old used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32 at the time . She developed the disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six . Miss Harris, from Chelmsley Wood, Birmingham, says her new 'dream body' is actually a 'nightmare'
A series of earthquakes that rattled a small Texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground .
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws . She said that they need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment . This week an Australian couple were slammed after leaving a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins .
The unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe . It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks . Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times . Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia .
Altercation erupted while plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey . Captain of flight AI611 complained co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him . Air India insists altercation was limited to a verbal argument, and there was no physical violence .
Tonya Stack 'dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle in unseemly row' Claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him, according to Philly.com . Stack's 'handpicked' candidate chosen to contest the election, but lost to a Republican .
49 per cent think Camilla should become Queen when Prince Charles accedes . But 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana . Only 7% of people polled thought she should one day be Queen . Legal experts say Camilla will technically become Queen no matter what title she uses .
Kyle Iveson, 24, was apprehended by his own mother-in-law Karen Brown . He took a 12in knife into the Thorougoods shop in Clitheroe, Lancashire . The robber demanded cash from Mrs Brown, the mother of his daughter . She recognised him and was able to report him to police straight away .
Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995 . He wiped his eyes as he drew parallels between the 'evil' behind the Oklahoma City bombing and the terrorism of Boko Haram in North Africa, ISIS in Iraq and Syria .
The former child star turned Real Housewife is slated to discuss her longtime struggle with alcoholism . About her April 16 arrest, she reveals, 'I was angry and frightened and I was scared. I knew what I had done. The whole night is my fault. None of this would have happened if I didn’t drink' Kim's ex-husband Monty Brinson remains battling Stage IV cancer .
Great-great grandmother Betty Johnson, 86, a Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986, had said goodbye to everyone except her team . But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery, and Johnson passed away just as he was leaving, her family said . Johnson, who was known as 'grandma' by several current players, would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games .
Pregnant model Sarah Stage took to Instagram on Monday to share a photo of her growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy . The 30-year-old underwear model is of European and Costa Rican descent .
Chen Yuntao, 38, is 160,000 yuan (£17,500) in debt for treatment he has received . The family are already in debt after son Minghao, nine, underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia . Now the cancer has returned and the father is trying to raise money for his treatment .
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh in 1974 . 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England and is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning . Case was recently re-opened by the Police Service of Northern Ireland .
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera . He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for 30 hours . The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes .
UK commentator slammed Australia's 'tiny hearts and tiny hearts' 'Make no mistake, these migrants are like cockroaches,' she said . But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers . A Change.org campaign has been launched to have her removed .
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, has been charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the triple murder of his wife and two young children . Police say he used a USB cord to strangle his wife, 2-year-old daughter Celeste, 8, and their 8 year-old son Timothy III . The bodies were found Monday evening at the family's home in Eastpointe, Michigan . Fradeck told a judge he wants to enter a plea of not guilty by reason of mental insanity . He is also charged with child abuse .
Elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests . The animals are bought at a very young age by groups that use them to be 'trained' The change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant immediately and let her live the life she deserves!' It has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . Another holiday resort in Thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture of drunken guests riding an elephant around its pool .
Top of the list is 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger . Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death . Couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment' from the community . List of 'religious punishments' is a 'warning and deterrent' to the kufr, or disbelievers .
The U.S Surgeon General has enlisted Elmo to urge American children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization . The campaign videos have been released in the . wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in . December, sickened 147 people in the US, which has seen the debate over vaccinations . 'I'm not going to give you a chance,' Dr Vivek Murthy says .
All 13 choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church have resigned over sacking . Stephen Hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior figures . The 55-year-old had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years .
Chancellor says establishing 40p top tax rate was not a priority for top earners . Instead he says Tories want to raise allowance from £10,000 to £12,500 . At present anyone earning between £31,866 to £150,000 is taxed at higher rate . But Labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent .
Raffaele Sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing Meredith Kercher . The 31-year-old was seen looking through the underwear section of a shop in Rome . He and former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in March . Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison .
A 4WD with four children and an adult crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday . Police believe that all children are under the age of six . The fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the Royal Children's Hospital and remains in a serious condition . A police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that officers are yet to interview the woman . Further tests will be done to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects .
Images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols . Group said graves above ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished . Statement stems from a collection of Islamic teachings known as the hadith . Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis, with many in Iraq and Syria forced by militants to choose between leaving their homes, facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-Muslims.
Commuters across NSW are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames . 'Weather 47 - 0 umbrellas. #umbrellageddon,' Sam Moore wrote on Twitter as she posted photos of two colourful brollies poking out the top of a Sydney bin . Haley Sewell’s umbrella barely fitted in a bin alongside all the other trashed brolies pointing out ‘the struggle’ facing commuters .
Richard Sherman and Ashley Moss lost to the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl on February 5 . This just four days after Sherman and Moss welcomed a son, Rayden . Now Sherman is sharing a photo of his son on Instagram with the football star writing: 'Best part of Life' It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game .
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen in Grafton, NSW, on March 14 . Her son, Eli, said his family is struggling to come to terms with her disappearance . There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast . The wallet and handbag are missing but she has no accessed any of her bank or social media accounts .
Asylum seeker Jafar Adeli was duped by a paedophile group Letzgo Hunting . Adeli arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl . The 32-year-old was arrested at a bus station in Leicester and jailed for 27 months .
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life . Moms are suddenly on duty 24/7, responsible for entertaining, feeding and cleaning an unstoppable machine . Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments . Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother .
A man accidentally captured a nine hour clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs over the Easter weekend . Jon Czerniecki set up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria . He has since contacted Parks Victoria and the local council in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs, but said they're unwilling to help . The domestic origin of the animals challenges this stereotype .
Joanne Bolton was stabbed more than 14 times in the seven hour ordeal . The 35-year-old was knocked out of a mental bar with a knife at her home . She said she thought she was going to die at the hands of Steven Young . Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting the attempted murder . Miss Bolton said she felt 'euphoric' and 'didn't want to die on the floor' Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder at Newcastle Crown Court .
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' with her two daughters stealing clothes . Daughter Claire, 21, and sister Caitlyn, 19, were both ordered to pay £1 each . The pair sold the clothes online through Facebook in four months . They also had detailed sales records, a debters' book and a book . Judge Sean Morris jailed her for 30 months, her daughter for 20 months and two daughters to 16 months behind bars . None of the women have assets that can be seized or sold so were told to pay back £1 .
The unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street . It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift . A trip to the handbag hospital is becoming more and more fashionable . Company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at the clinic on Kings Road in Chelsea London .
Tiny copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago . It suggests there were links between the Mediterranean and the Bristol Channel . Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC . The find suggests the village of Saltford was on a major trade route .
The 18-year-old model used to spend nights with 'one of her friends' in their 'sister's' apartment while she was traveling to castings in New York at the start of her career .
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause . Most breast cancer tumours rely on hormone oestrogen to grow . This means cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether . Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients .
The new approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re-grow . Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month .
Nuts are one of the best dietary sources of the mineral selenium . Selenium is needed for antibodies, important for healthy immune system, and hormone thyroxine . Peanuts are also a good source of fibre, too . A 30% serving contains around 2 mg of cashews a day and a man 8.7 mg .
Survey of 757 parents carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community . 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 . But nearly half insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency . 65 per cent said their children did not know difference between 999 and US 911 .
Coffee table book Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits era when the skies were dominated by Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp and Continental . Many of the adverts featured beautiful women, landmarks such as Times Square and Tower of London, and natural beauty spots such as Bermuda's picturesque coastline .
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety . Since he didn't stop to give police his name he remained a mystery for 24 hours as the photo of the amazing rescue went viral online .
Ed Miliband explicitly rules out allowing another Scottish independence referendum . Comes as John Major warns the SNP was merely waiting for a 'good excuse' Former foreign secretary William Hague said SNP could be 'calling the tune' But the Labour leader accused Tories of 'threatening the integrity of the United Kingdom'
Kate Major was ordered to rehab by Michael Lohan last year . Had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with her husband . Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife struck him after coming home inebriated . When police arrived, Kate was visibly intoxicated, had slurred speech and blood shot eyes .
Christianne Boudreau's son Damien Clairmont died fighting for ISIS in Syria in 2013 . The Calgary mother thought he was going to Egypt to study Arabic, but authorities told the Calgary mother that he had gone to Turkey to join ISIS . While Damien had become more extreme in his Islamic ideology before he left Canada, Ms Aoudreau never imagined it would actually become a jihadi . She is now helping other families like hers from losing their radicalized children to the extremist group .
Dallas zookeper Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Timbrys, in September when he made the ancient discovery . He and his son Wylie dig up what paleontology professor Dale Winkler believes could be a pony-sized dinosaur dwelled on land . The two kept digging because they knew there was a chance of finding Jurassic period marine life remnants in the area . It's believed the bones belong to a nodosaur, a herbivore with scaly, plated skin
Airbus are set to introduce an extra seat into their Airbus A380 in the middle section . The width is 18in, which falls in line with the aircraft manufacturer's manifesto 18 months ago to adopt that size as an industry standard . New width will not alter the width for economy ticket holders, despite customer Emirates confirming they would not pursue the arrangement .
Eve Addison, 24, developed strange swelling whenever she drank gin and tonic . When switching brands failed to help, she developed night sweats and a rash . She was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system . The most common symptom is painless swellings in neck, armpit or groin . Usually, the swollen nodes don't hurt, but in some people, they can be painful - especially after drinking alcohol .
Betty Willis' often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip . 'It's the most recognizable icon in the world,' said executive director of The Neon Museum in Las Vegas . The sign's design has become a fixture on travel tchotchkes from Vegas and everywhere else . Willis died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday .
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, sped down the road and overtook cars 'recklessly' - narrowly avoiding a central reservation and other traffic . Smashes into Alan Knight, 64, who was crossing the road while on his paper round then drove away at high speed . Hamilton, of Gloucester, has been jailed for 11 years for the 'heartless' killing .
Catherine Gerhardt teaches children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies . Much like a Troll, a 'flamer' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and unleashes a hateful response . Then by communicating the incident to an adult, the behaviour is not escalated .
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital . Fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists . Despite proximity to one of the country’s busiest railway stations and the frenetic Bishopsgate road .
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into River Great Ouse, Cambridgeshire . Swimming is compulsory during primary school but not enforced for over 11s . Assistant Cambridgeshire Coroner said: 'Swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a critical life skill' Hearing heard how Rony came to Britain from India in 2012 and did not know how to swim .
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . The defense lawyer working for the nanny says the charges are completely false, and that her client even knew she was being filmed by the family .
The photos were taken by East Germany's secret police during the 40 year existence of the East German state . They were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents . Photographer Arwed Messmer found the pictures in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin, where the secret policemen now live .
Of 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws, but below grandparents . More than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families . As a result a fifth of all children have participated in their own parents’ wedding .
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999 . But she only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs . The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler, then 24, who flew into a rage when his lottery number's didn't come up at their home in Ipswich, Suffolk .
The advert, for Austrian water brand Vöslauer, features a group of girls ‘having a laugh while they perform very hard yoga moves in a private class’ Applicants must be 5ft 6in in height, have a 2512in waist, a high hip of 35, low hip of 3612 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob . The stand-in must also be an expert in yoga, according to the casting call .
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away . Many are buying used cars unaware that the old documents are automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands . Paper tax disc expires at the end of the year even if the disc is months from expiry . Critics allege the DVLA has been operating a 'money-making scam'
Tom Schweich had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he shot himself on February 26 . The former Missouri Auditor had told an Associated Press reporter minutes before his death that he was ready to go public with allegations that the chairman had told donors that Schweich was Jewish . Schweich is a practicing Christian, but has ethnically Jewish roots .
Construction on a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground in Pingjiang County, Hunan province . Workers are pictured perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the rock to extend the walkway . Local authorities have tried to capitalise on this popularity by building a series of precarious road and glass walkways along the sheerest cliff faces .
Libya-Niger border has been increasingly unstable following the toppling of former Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi by a NATO coalition including France in 2011 . France began setting up a command base in northern Niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat a number of international jihadist groups . About 3,000 French troops are now operating out of Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger and Chad .
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding sky with silver iodide . Process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York . Since 2007, CAP has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states to increase the supply of water in the Colorado River system . If it seems like it never stops raining, blame the Russians or even the North Koreans .
All-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building . Spokesman Jeff Tiller said it fits in with administration’s stance on LGBT issues . His comment came after the restroom had been alluded to by senior adviser to the President Valerie Jarrett .
Sisters dragged kicking and screaming from Sunshine Coast home in 2012 . They had been taken from abusive father in Italy to hide out in Australia . Now being sent back to 'monster' against their will in 60 Minutes interview . Girls' mother portrayed cruelty of father and girls frightened and distraught . Laura Garrett has consistently maintained that she was removing the girls from Italy for their own safety . She said the girls had been born in Italy and spent the greater part of their lives there .
Students at Brandeis University, Massachusetts, believe all-nighters to cram before an exam will work . They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, known memory consolidators in fruit flies . The fly's mushroom body is responsible for memory and learning is the same part that keeps it awake - similar to the hippocampus in humans .
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night . But he decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself . In December 2013, he ditched the booze and gave up takeaways to lose weight . He said: 'I can now go on nights out and feel confident - even without Dutch courage'
Before a doubt, toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket, according to Jacob Tomsky . Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges . Tomsky provides little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel room stay .
Robert Tomanovich hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence at his Michigan home . When neighbours complained he first hung the flag and nooses at his two properties . Employee has admitted that the second nast was a deliberate move to antagonise locals . 'One hundred fifty years after Abraham Lincoln's death, we are still going through these kind of atrocities,' said neighbor Mary
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer . These small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment . Multiple ongoing mouth ulcers are quite a different issue and warrant further investigation .
Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . But only two agreed to deals and he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m . curfew at home for one year and a testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail . Despite their lawyers' pleas for probation and community service, the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail. They are expected to appeal and will be free on bond while the appeals are pending
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100 mph at the Exotic Driving Experience in Orlando when he slammed the car into a guardrail, killing 35-year-old Gary Terry . Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and 'counter steer' the car . Video from inside the red Lamborghini reportedly showed that the car spun three times before careening into the guardrail at 100mph . Terry was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista where he was later declared stable .
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine of them . Tories are set to lose four seats to Labour but cling on to at least five . Leaked poll reveals Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in the party's heartland in Kent . He is now sitting second in Thanet South constituency, 1 per cent below Craig Mackinlay and only just ahead of Labour .
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce . She claims that when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy . The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child . A medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma .
New election advert features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a boyband called Coalition . The video is complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change . Despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration .
Femail has picked the ten every foodie should have with these ten . Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations . It will tell you exactly where to go for the best eggs in London and reveal secret dining spots of the superstars of the culinary world .
Two teenage boys abused while returning from pilgrimage at Jeddah airport . Announcement comes amid increasing tensions between the two regional powers . Sunni Saudi Arabia has led the bombing campaign against Yemeni Shiite rebels .
Margaret Gretton made 'monkey noises' while at Burton Joyce Primary School . 46-year-old referred to man as 'Mohammed', or words to that effect . Teaching and Leadership in Coventry panel said she showed 'clear intolerance' Said she didn't want to encourage children 'like that' to come to school .
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is preparing to give birth to quads . She and her nine-year-old daughter Leila are due to be born weeks early . But there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced prematurely . 'She is a very strong, very fit woman,' her doctor, Kai Hertwig, told MailOnline .
The Ben Canaan family left Gloriavale for Timaru, New Zealand, 320km away . The rural Christian community is home to around 500 people who wear a plain, blue uniform and reject birth control . Founded by Australian-born evangelical preacher Neville Cooper, the family lives at Lake Haupiri on New Zealand's West Coast . They have had a job and everything, from a farm job to a modern farm job .
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' McCain said . Kerry 'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way' Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was 'nave and reckless' for McCain 'to believe every word of the Supreme Leader's political speech'
Hannah Moore, 20, had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed 'within two minutes' of posting them on photo-sharing site Instagram . Mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence' which breach site's decency guidelines . Shots of menstrual blood, stretchmarks following childbirth, pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt wrath of the site . Instagram last week announced it had toughened up rules on types of pictures users can post .
Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . The Minister for Investment and Trade said he tried everything by tricking himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach . Mr Robb also listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that 'really did the trick' Labor MP Anna Burke said depression, and the high suicide rate in Australia was an 'epidemic'
Rebecca Calder, 24, was draining up to £300 a day from the victims' accounts . At her peak she was spending it on nights out and shoes and shoes . Police discovered she had stolen more than £5,000 from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities .
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted victims as they worked out at Virgin Active clubs . He stole jewellery, valuables and jewellery using the driving licence of a doctor . Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a clothes rack . But he was found hiding behind a clothing rack and was jailed for 32 months .
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central . He is pictured on Facebook appearing to lick a female friend's breasts . But he insists the pictures just show him 'having fun with close friends'
A passionate truck driver has posted a five-minute plea online to encourage Australians to attend Anzac Day . Geelong man Trevor Vale was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen . In the video, Mr Vale asks Aussies to show their ancestors the respect they deserve . His wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan .
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police . Internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy, employment tribunal ruled . The 40-year-old said: 'I was being penalised because I was black. It was totally unacceptable'
Tavon Watson was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar . Father-of-one Gary Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable . Watson uploaded a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari hours before the fatal collision .
The Pentagon announced Tuesday it would exhume the bodies of some 400 sailors and Marines killed in the 1941 bombing of Pearl Harbor . Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after . In 1950, they were reburied as unknowns at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu . The Pentagon is acting now, nearly 75 years after the men died, because advances in forensic science and technology have made it possible to identify more remains .
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark . He spent the next three hours trying to reel the shark off the NSW coast . The fisherman said he was 'shattered' and had 'blood blisters all over his hands'
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd . His defense argued that he saw his PCP-taking friends kill Lloyd but did not commit the murder himself, his defense claimed on Tuesday . The former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house . Surveillance video along the way showed Hernandez driving the Nissan shortly before Lloyd's sister saw him get into
Yaphet Kotto said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor . His comments come in response to speculation that black British actor Idris Elba is in the running to be named as Daniel Craig's successor . Last month veteran actor Roger Moore said he was not 'English English' enough .
The future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs, with Labour pledging to ban exploitative deals . Labour and trade union leaders criticised the comments, saying it showed the minister was 'out of touch'
Fox News Sunday anchor, 67, made the 'offensive' remarks on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday . He was asked: 'Have you seen Kelly Clarkson? Holy cow, did she blow up' In reply, he said the singer 'has a lovely voice', but she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary Catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one . The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University .
Widow of 'American Sniper Chris Kyle' pitched in for the San Diego Padres . New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud chucking the ball straight at the ground . NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when relations with the police department is again coming under scrutiny .
Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger danced around the coffin at the Taiwanese man's memorial . Two scantily-clad dancers dressed in underwear and miniskirts showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home . Taipei funeral home was turned into a makeshift gentleman's club when dance music began pumping .
As in previous years, the 16th edition of Coachella has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun . This year's lineup includes Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi . A wave of celebrities began documenting their travels and captured their fun while at the festival on Friday .
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday . The two-year-old boy was rescued by his parents before paramedics arrived . Though the fast felines appeared to avoid the child, Dr Christopher Kuhar said there is a strong chance charges will bepressed on Monday .
Kendra Spears, 26, has been known as Princess Salwa since her wedding . She married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 following a four month engagement . Ms Spears follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives . Rita Hayworth and Kristin White have also married into the kingdom .
Whitney Fetters, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana . She 'sent 20 nude and partially nude images and videos with the boy to 'touching myself is fun' The plan emerged after other students told teachers that the boy had inappropriate photos of a woman .
Karlie Kloss, 22, was filmed working with other students at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy in New York last year . The blonde beauty is donating $20,000 of her own money for the two-week Kode With Karlie program, which costs $2,000 per student .
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on Monday . The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech .
Schools in Washington have removed more than 140 pupils from class . They could not prove they had legally required vaccinations, which includes measles . CDC chief Tom Frieden said he was concerned about a large outbreak . He has called for more people to be vaccinated against the highly infectious disease . Schools are believed to be first to remove children from classes .
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix . They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . These include forgetting to lock the front door, being woken by a Facebook notification . One company hopes to solve the problem with their Forget Me Lock prototype . Three prototype products were selected for a shortlist of 2,000 people . Results will be made into a product funded through a Kickstarter campaign .
Deputy PM was in Surbiton, south-west London, to campaign with Ed Davey . Protesters chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' But he ignored them as he stuck to his message that only Lib Dems can be trusted to balance budget without hitting the poor .
Christina Mejia's daughter Jessica was killed in a car crash in 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of their car and smashed into a pole . The sheriff's deputies undressed the body of Jessica and took photos of her at the side of the road, according to the lawsuit . By doing so, they intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim's family, they say . But the sheriff’s office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convic
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino is now under a 24-hour guard . Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo . A four-man team of armed guards now protects Sudan the Northern White Rhino who is the last male of his species .
Moira Gemmill, 55, was killed by a tipper lorry on London's Lambeth Bridge . She had begun a new role at the V&A at St James's Palace in London . Her brother Andrew said she was an 'extraordinary woman' who lived a 'modest life'
Dustin Irons, 26, appeared over video-link to a court in Oregon . He pulled down his trousers for the lewd gesture - despite being in handcuffs . Sheriffs quickly covered him up and bundled him back to his cell . Irons has been in prison since December after being arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .
Tony Tancock, 56, won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country . But thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind . Police have not ruled out a rival rival to the 12 prize-winning guinea pigs .
Michael Scott Shemansky is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness and was committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide . His estranged wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago .
Kristina Schake, 45, has been brought on to Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image . She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer, more accessible one . Schake has worked wonders for Mrs Clinton, who must show she is 'likeable enough'
Woman who owned car jumped onto bonnet of her white Honda . Carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash . Incident came to a climactic end when passing by produced a gun and fired a shot . The suspect was taken to hospital where he is recovering .
As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios . Armistice is held inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held . Fortunately, severe injuries are rare in Vrontados during the fiery celebrations, although small firework displays are held at churches around the country . The custom dates back to 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots .
Pianist Laurie Holloway made the tape for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday . I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time when the Queen was growing up . The Queen Mother was 64 at the time and Margaret 59 in the 1960s .
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers . The drug has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost . Kenney said he would 'rather die than be caught by these unknown people'
Authors Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce were all famous explorers in the mid 19th century . They explored the Iriri River in 1961, a remote part of the Amazon . Authors Kit Lambert and Ian Fleming were among those to write about the region .
Guitar Hero Live will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles . It features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network . Players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped .
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof died suddenly six days after giving birth . She was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewing’s sarcoma, aged five . The Australian nurse then moved to Canada where she worked as a nurse . However she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly on March 10 . A fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 .
Nguyen Thi Hang, 35, was waiting to board at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam . Passenger checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it by a worker . She lashed out and hit airline employee in the face .
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment . The Oklahoma roommates were arguing over which phone was better than the other, police said . They were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body . Acevedico, 21, has been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
Four koalas travelling to Singapore are being gifted in Business Class . Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Brisbane's Lone Pine Sanctuary as a gift to Julie Bishop . The gift aims to symbolise the relationship between Australia and Singapore, with the official handover being in May .
Dan Price is taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries . The move will raise the wages for 70 of the company's employees - more than half the staff . Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University .
Books about Islam flying off shelves after Paris terror attacks raise questions . Sales three times higher in first quarter of 2015 compared to same time last year . Comes as magazine supplement Philosphie also saw spike in sales .
Clinton, 67, will supervise a sprawling effort to push the former secretary of state's online brand through the 2016 elections . Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of product management for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as Mrs. Clinton's chief technology officer . She previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps, and also spent some time at Facebook and Eventbrite .
Developer submits fresh plans to demolish Grade I listed crescent . New development would replace it with £500milion block of flats . Residents angry at planned plans, claiming years of noise and disruption . They say 'overwhelming number' of residents are against the plans .
The NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise . NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday . People have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money . Winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast causing a tree to fall on a car in Newcastle .
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer . She was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands signed a petition demanding her release . But she was arrested again in December, on three counts of distributing obscene data .
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune . About 50 different folklore groups and nearly two thousand people will be joining the celebrations . The Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a figure who led people in annihilating locusts in the Yuan Dynasty .
Shoppers taking advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and clothes . Prices have fallen by around 7.8% in the last 12 months . Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper . Bread, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens see biggest fall in price .
Shayna Hubers, 29, is accused of murdering her lawyer boyfriend, Ryan Poston, in October 2012 . He was shot six times by Hubers at a bar in Campbell, Ohio, on October 12 . His girlfriend Audrey Bolte told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing Poston on the night he was shot - but he failed to arrive . Prosecutors allege that Hubers 'cackled' with a cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars . Hubers den
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant Fernando Ciampi in an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me' The attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation', prosecutors said . A fourth victim had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack . The gunman fled the court on his motorbike, reaching the town of Vimercate 15 miles from Milan before being arrested .
Former Apprentice contestant called boats 'dangerous' and a 'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the UK' She said: 'If you allow these boats to come that number will grow year on year' Yesterday an Italian coast guard ship brought the bodies of 24 victims to Malta before heading to Sicily with just 28 survivors .
Jimmy Anderson took 384th wicket in Test cricket on Friday . Fast bowler overtakes Sir Ian Botham in his 100th Test . Botham had earlier had Marlon Samuel caught in gully by James Treadwell . Anderson's friend Greg James also in attendance, as is BBC Radio 1 DJ .
Semi-detached home in Horfield, Bristol, has original stained glass windows, oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . The house has gone untouched for more than 80 years and features that were once commonplace but are now decidedly old-fashioned . It also comes with the original bathroom - in mint and black colour scheme - with original tiles, wooden floor, yellow wallpaper and green sink .
Politicians' living quarters are under close inspection to establish just how human they really are . It is the current Prime Minister's kitchen that has got everyone talking more than any other political leaders' Despite protests from the left and now the right, and Britain still are obsessed with class . Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own .
Mary Lucia, 44, wrote a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday detailing her year-long battle . Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . He allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order against him after he sent her emails, emails and gifts, including bottles of wine and sausages .
An Hour with Ruta claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents . It argued that Norway's Child Protection Service was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a 'sought-after commodity' An expert on the show told Rta Mikelkeviite that the country needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding .
George Davon Kennedy, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City . He joins two other men who were arrested late last week . The brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued to search for two additional suspects in the March attack . Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident .
An investigation is underway after two women were allegedly allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight . The women were believed to be off-duty Ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards . A Ryanair spokesman told MailOnline Travel: 'Following the investigation the matter is now closed'
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, transformed her appearance . Mother-of-one shed more than three stone using hypnosis app . Dropped from size 18 to size 10 to 12 in half a year .
UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered ‘world class potential resource’ Company claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent . Sceptics immediately queried the bold claims, but company's millionaire chairman David Lenigas insisted oil would create thousands of jobs .
David Nicholson, 48, allegedly sent the woman explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on her dressing up as a pupil . Married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since the correspondence came to light last month . He is said to have organised a liaison in a hotel room on a night which was then cancelled .
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon, a day after she ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio . York's parents believe she left their home at 4am on Sunday morning, with a backpack full of clothes and her cellphone . Earlier in the day, her mother worried that she may be headed to Missouri .
Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca . But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added onto the bill . She Tweeted a photo of the bill which went viral and triggered outrage on Twitter .
Maryland couple Danielle and Alexander Meitiv's 'free range' children Dvora and Rafi went missing starting around 6pm . They raised the little ones with a so-called 'crash' approach, but instead picked them up by CPS for the second time in two months . Dvore was taken to the local police station for a second time just before Christmas . Both parents say they were left to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe .
Jaden Smith, 16, was spotted in a floral-print tunic worn over, what looked like a wrap around skirt, and teamed with a bright red all-black tunic . Kylie Jenner, 17, was pictured in nude-coloured hot pants - which looked like they came from brother-in-law Kanye West's latest catwalk show .
Habeeb Latheef allegedly unzipped trousers and placed penis in grip . GP was working at Hendford Medical Centre surgery in Yeovil, Somerset . Alleged offences came to light after a 37-year-old patient contacted police .
Joshua Corbett broke into Sandra Bullock's home last summer clutching a love letter for the actress . She is heard telling police: 'I'm in my closet. I have a safe door. I'm locked in the closet right now' Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted 'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday . The two-year-old was found naked outside of Jim's Burgers and was afraid of going toward the male police officers . Police would not describe the extent of the young girl's injuries . Her abductor is believed to be a serial predator .
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil . She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . In 2014 she said that her new look was helping to boost her self-esteem and that men were taking notice .
Donning Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede, nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the runway . Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll .
Five-day old hippo thrown into the air after it strayed into firing line . Hippopotamus tussled with male rival in fight in South Africa's eastern park . Two male hippos had been fighting for some time and mother of calf stayed with her herd . Decision proved fatal when one of the brawling adults grabbed the animal between jaws .
Geelong College principal Andrew Barr is believed to be a student at the elite private school . A student took the picture of him and shared it with other students using the photo-sharing app, SnapChat . Mr Barr resigned from his position after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat . Chairman of the College Council said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards even if the investigation found Mr Barr not to have broken any law .
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday . It wasn't until after takeoff that the passengers and crew noticed a hole in the nose of the plane . The plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured .
Theresa May initially rejected application for the 32-year-old Taliban henchman to stay in the UK, but her decision was overturned . The Afghan, known only by the initials SAKA, said he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . He claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail after being accused of killing a provincial governor's son .
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets . He would use poisoned sausages to kill strays and even people's pets . Officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously . The 31-year-old was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists . But animal charities were furious when he was handed a £200 fine .
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House . Ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year .
In an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the Australian market, Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black . The popular TV show is based on the book of the same name, by Piper Kerman, about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth . In the US, the series is one of the major titles for Netflix there, though the organisation recently clashed with the Academy of Homeland .
Reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century . Numbers of the reds, popularly illustrated in the Beatrix Potter Squirrel Nutkin books, have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys . But now, red squirrels are spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District . Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the
Housing chiefs accused of hypocrisy for opposing Margaret Thatcher's policy . The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tory manifesto launch . But housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’ There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws .
Eli and Silas Keslar, 18-months-old boys, died after falling into Arizona canal . Authorities in Yuma, Arizona have not yet officially identified the victims . A Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named them and their parents . Has raised over $10,000 to cover memorial and medical costs for boys .
Model, 23, has become an object of desire for men worldwide . Women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves . Has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains her enviable figure .
The dress was worn in several key scenes of the 1939 movie . When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray . It was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of James Tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at Universal Studios .
Property based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years . 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room . Entered through a long entrance hall, it has a grand double-sized reception room with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes . Gardner, who famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana, lived
Hillary Clinton's conversion van arrived just before 4:15 p.m. at Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts . The Boston flight used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats, and the Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach . 'Scooby' is seen next to the Terminal B sign with its side door open .
Sarah Stage, 30, posted a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs, with some critics claiming that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child . But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday . The image has earned more than 40,000 likes since it was posted on Sunday, with many commenting on her post-baby body and her healthy son .
Joanna Goodall, 30, worked as receptionist at Newcastle hotel for seven years . She forged signatures from customers and other staff for cash refunds . CCTV showed Goodall taking cash from the till and putting it in her pocket . Goodall given nine-month suspended sentence but told to pay back £1 .
An investigator has blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the attitudes that led a Utah National Guard officer to allow British bikini models to use military bases . Three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back $200 in military fuel . Hot Shots 2015 was the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video .
The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat ISIS’s domination of the internet and social media . The specialised 77 Brigade was launched with great fanfare in January in response to the jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda . It is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel .
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series . Jaclyn Methuen nearly left her husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive . 'She wanted to run away. I just feel pure disappointment,' Ryan says in a web exclusive clip from the episode .
DEA head Michele Leonhart is expected to resign soon, an Obama administration official said . She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report . Leonhart was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture . Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week .
Dr Sameer Patel is clinical director at the Elleven practice in London's Harley Street . He highlights the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' Here he reveals the biggest offenders and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day .
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery . Prosecutors argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010 . Lottery officials had been trying to identify the winner since a New York lawyer tried to claim the jackpot in his hands .
Bondi Ink is a busy tattoo parlour on Sydney's Eastern beaches . Jan Bearman's daughter Shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes . She decided to get a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter . 'There's a hole left in your life and all you can do is say your prayers,' Jan said .
Five NYPD detectives arrested two employees for selling illegal cigarettes . Manager Ali Abdullah said detective Ian Cyrus, who has been suspended without pay, was caught on camera stealing cash . He said: 'I look at my system, I see the officer took the money. It's crazy'
Judy, 55, said she wasn't sure when her son would have children . Tennis coach said she will take an active part in their lives and that she can't wait . Andy and Kim married this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral .
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City made the findings . They looked at ornamental ornaments worn by different populations in the Early Neolithic period, which stretched from 8,000 to 5,000 BC . The findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming, which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival .
Peter Kelly, 34, was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens . One of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday . He leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine . The suspect, who was held on $125,000 bail, is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years combined prison and extended supervision .
Andrew Hennells, 31, posted details of his plan to Facebook on February 13 . A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife . He was arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in cash on his person . Admitted robbery and was jailed for four years at Norfolk Crown Court .
HSI captures horrific scenes of killing of baby seals clubbed to death on ice floes . Images show animals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto vessel . Humane Society International says animals are dying 'for fur products nobody wants' PETA has launched a 'commercial hunt' off the coast of Newfoundland .
Nutritionist Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways . These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns the Healthista website . Here, she reveals the seven signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients .
Lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create the frame of buildings . His artistic aim is to 'show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment around us,' he says . The Frenchman travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities in the past year .
Darren Goddard, 48, reunited with son Lewis Helget, 27, after 25 years apart . He spotted his Facebook page appealing for help finding his father . Lewis, 18 months, had been looking for his father for four years . But he was about to delete it when appeal turned up on his newsfeed .
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, caught the ball in her beer cup during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon . She posted a picture of her lucky catch on Instagram .
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car at a Shanghai Gala Night . It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round . You can even turn on the car with your eyes thanks to its iris recognition start .
Victoria McKennon has cystic fibrosis and needs credits to graduate . The 17-year-old has to manage complicated medicines to fight condition . Her family appealed to Plano Senior High School to allow her to take part . Officials initially refused to let her join the prestigious summer ceremony . But she is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements .
Diane Priestley, 57, died from ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival . Ambulance should have been given response priority of eight minutes to reach her . Instead, 30 minute response time was assigned and she died of ruptured lung . Operators made errors during the first two 999 calls at 1.21pm and 1.47pm .
Pietro Boselli, 26, is an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD . Says he didn't want to include his work for fashion companies such as Abercrombie and Fitch on his CV and was less than proud of his alternative career . He is now hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy .
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South West Houston . Her husband admitted that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over . Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday, but no charges have been filed against him .
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch, a legal brothel in Carson City, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series . According to their website, they’re supporting the former secretary of state because of her work on health care reform, foreign relation experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues . 'As Secretary Of State, Hillary Clinton gained invaluable experience negotiating with foreign leaders and make them bend to her will,' they state .
A beach-side apartment complex in Westhampton was obliterated by flames on Wednesday afternoon . It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off buildings nearby . Twelve fire crews were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes .
Book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to schools in North Korea for study during the 2015 school year . Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures .
The frenzy has reached America where there are more than a few guesses . Survey questioned 1713 Brits and 1124 Americans, the survey revealed . Two per cent of Americans and seven per cent alternatively want Prince George to have a baby brother .
Officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from Moscow . They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President . Exercise was hailed by the Government as one of the largest land, air, and sea training exercises in Europe .
Drone had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks . Drone was flying it to Michelin-star restaurant in Etten-Leur, Netherlands .
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23 . Police have not yet been in contact with Jones, who is being treated in Texas for depression, who are hoping to begin extradition proceedings . She had been stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach before her body was found in Jones' home on Friday .
Hollywood actress Charlize Theron has been sentenced to up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July . Maggio made the comments on a Louisiana State University fan message board in January 2012 - two months before she publicly released the information . He pretended a friend had been the judge who oversaw the star's adoption hearing . In another, he suggested women who seek divorces after their husbands cheat may be better off financially by staying married .
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused as a child . Her father, Keith Whitworth, 61, woke her up during a night and raped her . He told her: 'I'm only doing this because I love you. I was more like his wife than his daughter' Keith has been jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse against three children .
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market . Its owners, P&O, have enlisted a number of other foodies including Atul Kochhar and Mary Berry . The ship has a 3600 capacity and is expected to open in 2018 .
Amol Gupta is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming he got seriously injured playing a popular children's game . The lawsuit claims that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow and also injuring his spine .
The video was taken from a patrol car dashcam in Cottonwood, Arizona . It captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops on March 21 . Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was taken into custody . Ten-year Cottonwood Police veteran Sgt Jeremy Daniels was also shot .
Frances Clarkson, 53, enjoyed a week sunbathing over Easter in the swimsuit . She accessorised with a Help For Heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip . The pair are said to have lived apart for years .
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas . First arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, accused her of having sex with him in her car on consecutive nights in January . The abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of the relationship between the teen and one of the boy last month .
Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet recreates ads for her project SPOOF . The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne . She said that it was a 's strange idea for me to be on the other side of the camera'
Airline Codes features 438 airports from 94 countries around the world . Identical codes range from OMG, SUX and even LOL to din text messages . Many airlines leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter .
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin stopped at an Ohio Chipotle on Monday lunchtime for the 45-minute meal . To be fair, multimillionaire 'Clinton didn't pay' for the meal, according to manager Charles Wright . 'If we're doing our job right, people tip,' the manager said .
Brigante Business Developments listed in company records as providing 'management consultancy activities' Latest accounts for year to July 2014 were filed to Companies House a fortnight ago . Former stockbroker lives with his wife and one-year-old daughter Sophia .
Ex-PM said he wanted to create a ‘cadre’ of former leaders to advise governments . He said his ideas of leadership were ‘close to a benevolent dictatorship’ Also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt, accused of human rights abuses .
An app called None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly . The free app has a pitch black screen and one clue written in white text, as well as showing a small keyboard . However, the app can be completed and has 50 levels, according to people bragging on the App Store that they have completed the app .
Police have arrested 21-year-old suspect James Gregoire on suspicion of murder . Mr Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night brawl in Clacton, Essex . Officers have closed off a large area of the town's town centre as forensic officers conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene .
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com . Google, which comes in at no. 13 and pays an median salary of $143,000 a year . Most people have likely not heard of the companies of the highest-paid list .
Patrolman Michael Slager will not be allowed to see his baby for several months . His wife Jamie is due to give birth to the baby in a few weeks . It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter a South Carolina prison . The baby won't be able to enter the prison and he will have to wait to see photographs .
Bulgaria, Poland and Romanians already work in the UK . Firm did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall . But they say they were forced to look further afield when that failed . This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon .
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County . Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway . Before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday .
Devoted wife Wei Guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby Huang Funeng, 80 . He lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985 . The couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s . They promised each other they would look after each other forever .
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of political chaos engulfing country . Christian refugees Haben, 19, and Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago . Just days before 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same journey from Libya, one of the worst maritime disasters since World War Two .
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University in California . It is said to be the first high-performance aluminum battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' It is more environmentally friendly than current lithium-ion batteries, and can withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity .
Body of Stephanie Scott, 26, has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . The adored English and drama teacher disappeared from Leeton, NSW, on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley . Ms Scott's father Robert said it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to .
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria, a charity which supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director . Sitting alongside her on the charity's top table is chief Constable Sue Sim, records reveal . The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force .
Alan Turing wrote the notes at Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and they paved the way for computer science . The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy . Turing is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the Germans in their Enigma machines during the Second World War .
Shelley Dufresne, 32, was arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with two teachers . The unidentified 16-year-old English teacher was English student Rachel Respess, 24 . Both had sex in exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity . As part of her plea deal, Dufra's will have a 90-day mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the victim and his family .
The property is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront . Designed by Charles Wright, the property won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014 . It features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house . Real estate agents say this is the year the property will sell .
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28 per cent last year . Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis . Chiropractors blame increase on days spent sitting over mobile phones and tablet computers .
Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch . At the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £63 more for the Sport model . The cheapest model is the 38mm version and costs £299 in the UK . But there is a difference in £1,230 when it comes to the watch in the US . California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero .
BMW driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a road rage row . The 25-year-old white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in daylight . He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius . Driver was taken to hospital as a precaution and arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm .
A quote attributed to Maya Angelou on the stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer . First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were among the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp .
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas docked on Tuesday with 106 sick passengers just one day prior . The Celebrity Inifity, which carried 2,117 passengers and 964 crew, sailed the same path from Florida through the Mexican Riviera . One of the passengers, Brooke Fagan, said she ended up feeling very sick, very lethargic, very run-down .
Ella Henderson has been revealed as the face of dry shampoo brand Batiste . The 19-year-old is the official face of the 2015 'Ready For It' campaign . She wore a tousled half-ponytail with gleaming nude make-up .
Eloise Parry, 21, swallowed the highly-toxic substance Dinitrophenol, or DNP . After accidentally taking the lethal dose, she began feeling unwell at lunchtime . Doctors discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote . Despite efforts to stabilise her, she died just three hours later . Her mother has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
Turing's thoughts on 'Leibniz notation dx/dy' were found in a book bought in Cambridge . It was written at Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 . They paved the way for computer science and left it in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy . But he kept the notebook, using its blank pages for writing down his dreams at the request of his psychiatrist .
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends on Saturday . He suddenly disappeared after failing to turn up for flight back home . His worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down . But the phoneless 29-year-old handed himself into the British Consulate . Family said he had been dropped 'miles away' from his accommodation .
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in past two weeks . Ukip deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as a 'devastating tragedy'
Former Chancellor says Conservatives are 'too right-wing' to win election . Tory MP also warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets . Also criticises Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband .
David Cameron embarks on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election . He was reprimanded by one local woman for 'name-calling' in campaign . Busker with ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums' Cameron was repeatedly stopped and asked to pose for selfies as he spoke to local voters .
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from husband James last year . After their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been as a Sunday school teacher . She allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Georgia home - although she left halfway through the game to have sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom . When she returned, she 
The newly minted $2 coin commemorates the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing by the Anzacs . It has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'Lest We Forget' They will be in circulation from Monday .
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi released from Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi on Thursday . His release slammed as an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught . The attack was blamed on the banned Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba .
Facebook is bringing back short updates in a new form of the ‘Sidebar status’ The feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing . The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen . It brings up a user’s most messaged friends for testing . Facebook said the changes help 'to better serve more relevant advertising to you'
Complaint about a milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when an employee started cursing at the customer . 'You cannot treat people like this, this is your job,' the angry customer is heard saying . The video claims to have been taken on Tuesday at the branch in Lake Charles .
EasyJet and BA among major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights . Walk-out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours with 'huge knock-on disruption' Experts fear half of all flights between UK and France could be axed .
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday . He had already been jailed three times over missed payments . Scott fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on support . Court records show there was no warrant out for his arrest . His last payment was only in 2012 .
A South Carolina woman suspected of abandoning her 8lb 6oz newborn baby girl turned herself in on Thursday night . Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, saw herself on television on Thursday evening . The infant was discovered struggling to breathe inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying inside . Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta . She was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition and is in the custody of the social services department .
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look . Seven per cent have had allergic reactions . The hairstyles of Jennifer Aniston and Sandra Bullock, as well as signer Jennifer Lopez, are celebrity favorites . But LQS and Associates warn against attempts to emulate these looks on a regular basis .
Student Drew Hollinshead stopped in the first space available when he saw pensioner collapse on the pavement . But as he helped her for less than a minute a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car because he had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers . When he was slapped on his windscreen he tore it up and threw it in the bin . He said: 'It's ridiculous. Any normal person would have turned a blind eye'
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre pictured with Pauline Hanson at recent Reclaim Australia rally . Transfield Services said staff found to be contravening company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity' Seven guards 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as "the enemy"' Detention centre held rallies on April 4 to protest against Islamisation and influence of 'minorities' and 'radical extremism'
The force wasn't with everyone during the Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens panel held at California's Anaheim Convention Center on Thursday . Carrie Fisher, 58, who is reprising her role as Princess Leia, and Mark Hamill, 63, . who is Luke Skywalker, was arm in arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out . Not on hand was Harrison Ford, whom the panel said was 'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles .
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after ex Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain . The Slovakian model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca . Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka Kukukova, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial 
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital . Porters are carrying passengers' heavy bags up and down the stairs . The construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the station and bus terminal . More than three million customers use the bus every year, choosing not to go by car .
Former California governor wrote op-ed for Washington Post . Said he is 'furious' about what happened in Indiana this week . Claims new laws are 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party .
Marcus and his sister Aaliyah, nine, were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton, Maryland . The boy called 911 shortly before 7am and told the dispatcher that his older brother, mother and step-father were also in the home . He also soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'We're going to die', during the call and reminded her to breathe .
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged the aviation industry to develop system . He said it was important to 'think past today's technology' and that such a system could be used in an emergency to take remote control of a plane . Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane last month killing all 150 people on board .
May Wong's four-year-old cockapoo has travelled the globe with her owner . She has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 making her a Phileas Dog . The dogs have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries across the world . They sleep in dog-friendly hotels with their owner, 55, who is a seasoned traveller .
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday . He then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off . Adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .
Oskar Groening, 93, was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there, with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival . He was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions . Auschwitz survivors filed into court today for the trial of 'The Bookkeeper' - who may well have met their loved ones shortly before they were gassed . 'I lost 49 members of my family in the Holocaust,' said Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 
Star turned up late to 'intimate gig' in Canterbury and played just two songs . He then played two songs before telling fans 'See you on tour' and leaving . Venue has apologised and accused Tinie of breaking his contract with them .
Hoda Muthana, 20, abandoned her Alabama home to wage holy war in Syria . She cashed in her money for college tuition on a flight to Turkey . After a year of planning, she fled to Syria and married an Australian jihadist . Now she has called for drive-by shootings in America and blood to be spilled .
Rappers Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody . Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses . Migos had been attending a college-sponsored event where over a thousand students were congregated .
MPs had duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’ in schools, it said . But critics accused NUT of ‘thought control’ and said proposals risk 'oversexualising’ children at a young age . Christian groups warn it will compel teachers at faith schools to act against beliefs .
Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager, 33, laughing and experiencing a rush of adrenaline following the shooting in South Carolina . The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 . Dashcam footage showing Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him was released to the media on Thursday . A recording of the audio feed, including the conversation between Slager and a senior officer, was published by The Guardian .
Some children drink 'excessive' amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless . 13% cited 'use of caffeine and energy drinks as a driver of poor pupil behaviour' Union is working with national drug and alcohol charity, Swanswell .
Three teenagers were pulled over in south Minneapolis on March 18 . Faysal Mohamed claims he was being held because of racial profiling . The three teens were cuffed and held on the side of the road . They claim they were searched for grand theft auto but were let go .
The 25-30' long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday . Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains and found several live yellowtail jack fish . An estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in March of 2011 during the tsunami .
People are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages, study shows . Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months . entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks .
The Tennessee Supreme Court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state's death row . Beginning in December 2013, the court set new execution dates for 11 inmates . The new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair have been declared a backup .
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building . Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by told the Post she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank' The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family .
Tory party chairman accused of doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself . He has been accused of deleting embarrassing references from his own page . David Cameron says he is doing 'a great job' on campaign trail . Wikipedia suspended an anonymous user after finding evidence it suggested the account was run either by Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Jessica Silva has spoken out for the first time since she killed her abusive husband on Mother's Day 2012 . In a tense interview for 60 Minutes, Silva visits the home of James Polkinghorne's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . Silva walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people' He also admits that despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways he could still not understand why his son was dead .
Study carried out by Department of Twin Research, which hosts biggest adult twin registry in the UK . Found choosing who you will vote for may have more to do with your family . The twins were all born in UK and were representative of the UK population .
Unusual tomb dates back to Korea’s Silla Dynasty between 5th and 6th century . Skeletons of the two people, including leg bones and teeth, were found in the main chamber of the tomb and are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30 . Experts believe the tomb was intended for the woman because her body was carefully positioned to face the sky and she was buried with gold earrings, indicating her high status . No precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a sex slave 
The Sharpton appeared at charity Missionary Baptist in South Carolina . He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around policing . Sharpton is expected to attend a vigil for Walter Scott on Sunday . Scott was shot dead by a white police officer after fleeing a traffic stop .
Poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . Two in five people had injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . Men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job .
Insurgent actress Shailene Woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot . Kate Moss submerges her face in cucumber water . The 23-year-old star says the secret behind her locks comes from her fridge .
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries . But it was revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, had previous affairs with women on his rounds . A former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his round . She told how when she confronted him about the affair, he confessed . The couple had been married for ten years and had attended the Queen's garden party in 2013 .
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and could be 7/7 . Former head of the CPS said children are 'manipulated' by Islamists . He said a community-led approach to dealing with teenagers would be more successful than 'stale' strategy .
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron . Growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised' Survation puts Conservatives up four points in a week and moving ahead of Labour .
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains . She chalked it down to heavy drinking days before but started coughing up blood . Doctors diagnosed pulmonary embolisms - blood clots in her lungs . They killed the tissue and stopped her breathing properly . A year later, a melon-sized blockage was found in her right lung .
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike . Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo . The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain . But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid . This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies (ICREA)
Ashley Madison is an online dating agency for married people . Its founder Noel Biderman wants to raise money for its services . Site values itself at £669million ($1 billion) and had a reported revenue of £77million ($115 million) in 2014 alone - up 45 percent from the year before .
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro met at the Summit of the Americas in Panama on Friday . The White House has set expectations for a 'substantive' exchange with Castro, brother of revolutionary leader Fidel, today . Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors, which would also lift some economic sanctions .
Sandra Mathis, 52, charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument . Victim Mathis was found unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck . Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems .
Chris Brynarsky was shot and killed in his custom car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina in 2006 . When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it, his friend Mark Cosentino said . He repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside . 'I just wanted to immortalize him. That was my way of doing it'
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead in Bootle, Merseyside, on Thursday . Her mother Bernadette, 57, died of asphyxiation while her daughter was stabbed . Police are appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox, 26, . They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths .
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is not as to if she was charged . The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained over the killing of Joan Kagezi . She died in front of her children days before a major trial against Al-Shabaab . Former pharmacy student was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years . He was awarded £20million payout from the British taxpayer after release . Case was championed by Muslim rights group CAGE .
Coachella was the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California . Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as being particularly woeful . The searing California heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes .
Pop-up version of Centre Pompidou Malaga has opened to visitors . It is housed in a low-slung white building, topped with a giant glass cube . The museum is the latest bold step in branding Malaga a 'City of Museums'
Hayley Grimes, 42, found the body of Baby Peter wrapped in a blanket and Sainsbury's bag in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk in 1988 . Mother, who has not been named, told officers she had put the body into the lake, known locally as Windmill Pit, after going through the trauma of a stillbirth . She said it was 'unthinkable' that the baby had not been given a proper burial . Baby Peter's mother was arrested 27 years later over the child's death .
Marla McCants, 43, from Nashville, Tennessee, was bound to her bed on last night's season finale of My 600lb Life . After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the mother-of-three still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up . She was discharged after a lack of cooperation from an EMT .
400 Zimbabweans pictured wearingily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in Beitbridge . About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos . It emerged as Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes .
One in ten considering moving abroad to countries such as Canada and Australia . Senior GPs say they are facing ‘incredible’ pressures brought on by an increasingly ageing population who have complicated illnesses . Their morale is low despite the fact they benefited from a pay deal ten years ago .
Olivier Rousteing starred alongside Kanye West in Balmain men's campaign . The French designer says they are 'among the most talked-about people' He chose them because they embody the idea of a modern family .
Animal Rescue Corps workers found the dogs last Saturday in a barn in Manchester, Tennessee, surrounded by their own waste . They were met with fear when approaching the dogs, but not their own . The animals were covered in maggots, acid burns, and a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other . Owner, Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond .
Lady Hale wants bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes . She wants to see 'unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour' cited as part of overhaul . Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year .
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC . Had to be carried to safety after suffering a series of mini-strokes . Imperial College London researchers looked at Caesar's symptoms in documents . They found he had a number of symptoms that can explain better than epilepsy .
Luigi Arcuri, 73, Nikolic Giuliano, 37, Antonino Ballistreri, 45, and one teenager were each sentenced to two years and eight months in prison . They had been negotiating the purchase of gold and gems worth £1.5million . While a price was being agreed at a nearby table, the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes . He would then take away the money and the stolen jewellery . Police swooped on a conference room in Manchester and found them assembling cabinet .
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36 . He was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the MGM Grand Hotel on Friday evening . Stoll was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California during the offseason . The Kings later said they did not know what caused the incident .
Tania Rahman, 27, applied to run a stand at St George's Day this month . Salisbury City Council told her it was because it 'only wanted English food' Locals pointed out that chicken tikka masala is a British-made dish . Council has since apologised for the 'utter ignorance' and reversed decision .
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013 . The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news . Six days after the heartbreaking news - and Ed Sheeran even sent them a personal video .
Florida senator said he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer even if he didn't agree with the decision . He said the 'definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman' Rubio also said divorce is wrong, but he wouldn't stop loving someone if they were divorced . Donors have said their candidate is running for president .
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy . In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy, Kelly said . The mother-of-two said: 'I'm only a little part of making these babies'
French coach driver had to perform U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon . He had to carry a bus full of French tourists and under the stare of passersby . Passersby clung onto seats as driver slowly shunted forward and back . Bus was turned back when it tried to board ferry on Kingswear side of River Dart .
Unidentified child caused presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon . The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday . Witness Robert Bishop said it said something about taxing the 1% . He said he was biking near the steps of the Capitol when the suicide happened .
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s . The shelter was originally intended to provide car parking spaces but was redeveloped following the outbreak of the Second World War . After the war it was to be turned into a museum, replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed . Arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in remote Turkish border town . It is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly into Manchester . The majority of the family flew to Turkey on March 27 from Manchester Airport .
William Ziegler, now 39, was convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing friend of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile . His conviction was overturned in 2012 after a judge blasted his initial trial, pointing out that his lawyers were substandard . A key witness later recanted her testimony, one of the factors leading to the conviction being overturned .
Candice Bergen, now 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom Murphy Brown in 1988 . After the first year of the hit TV show, her salary headed skyward for over ten years and she kept that fact a secret . Her famous father, Edgar Bergen is best known for as the sidekick who's dummy Charlie McCarthy, and has written a new memoir . In her new memoir, Candice would sit on one of her father's knees at the breakfast table and Charlie
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night . That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a very enthusiastic young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five . The young child is a devoted Grizlies fan and popular with the players . Last year player Zach Randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to spend a minute with the boy .
Student Niamh Geaney, 26, found 29-year-old doppleganger Karen Branigan . They launched a social media campaign with friends to find identical twins . The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world'
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam . The huge badger burst through a hedge with two cubs and a lemonade bottle . He fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there .
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in Tijuana following a tip-off from a client . Client heard the sounds of a dog being served up as a pork dish on the menu . Police found caged dogs in the kitchen, a decapitated puppy in the trash . Owner Yu Yu Chou told reporters: 'I admit to killing the dog, but the meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers' Five arrests made, including three workers of Chinese nationality .
Le Manoir is a 15th Century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles, and boasts stunning grounds . Lavish grounds include perfectly trimmed lawns, bronze sculptures, pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden .
Community Technology Alliance gives away free Google handsets . Phones come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather . The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing . But tensions have boiled up over accusations they are not doing enough to help those in their own backyard .
Six-month-old pup was rescued from a wildlife sanctury in November . She was found with breathing problems at Widemouth on the north coast of Cornwall with a broken jaw . The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death .
DJ, 27, from east London, began transition at the age of 19 . At 25 was offered hormones by her doctor - Munroe is now a DJ . She hopes her decision to live as a woman will help other transgender teens .
Medical marijuana activist Shona Banda, 37, published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn's disease . Her son, 11, disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school and police searched her home, found marijuana in plant, oil, joint, gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia . Officers refused to let the activist enter her house, but returned to state custody on Thursday ahead of the hearing .
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing about his hit-and-run case . His lawyer Matt Fletcher said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client . Judge told Knight if he could walk, that was fine and the chair will not be used again .
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain, constipation and frequently needed the loo . But after spotting a post on her Facebook timeline, she realised it could be cancer . Tests revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread . She underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries . Doctors are confident she can beat the disease and are undergoing chemotherapy .
Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa . This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases . Fighters waging jihad in Syria and Iraq often appear disillusioned by the mundane jobs they are given upon arrival .
French customs officers found 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine in a suitcase at Nice airport . The drugs were discovered after a flight from the Dominican Republic . Officers detained the tourist, who was waiting for his luggage, at the airport and questioned him about the drugs .
Doaa and Umm, 20, smuggled from Raqqa, Syria, to southern Turkey . Used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules . Also received 'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress . Pair are now scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters following them .
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' Husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following 12-year cancer battle . Guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last Thursday to raid surgery . Officers seized computers and papers including medical records .
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the SNP . The move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of the UK . Critics fear it could lead to SNP and Labour veering more to the Left .
Colleen Ann Harris, known as 'Grandma Cokie', was acquitted of first-degree murder on Wednesday . Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at their home in 2013 . Mrs Harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back . She could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on June 5 .
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . Main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up .
Gavin Thorman, 36, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, operated empire from Liverpool . He boasted in Welsh that he would make 'millions' when he got out of jail . Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were seized by detectives . Thorman organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester .
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional 'Rand' 2016 SWAG, including 'Paul for president' flip-flops and car mats . The Kentucky senator announced this morning: 'I am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government'
Officer was celebrating Canada's Day of Pink, an annual event aimed at raising awareness and understanding about the LGBT community . Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow . Luke was more than pleased to show off his new hairdo at the Day . He arrived in a pink cruiser with fellow police officers, who all wore pink shirts .
Kim, 34, has revealed her beauty essentials on her Instagram page . Beauty essentials include a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid . Also uses a hairbrush from her own brand, Kardashian Beauty .
Two small boys, ages 5 and 3, died Sunday afternoon after their kid-sized ATV plunged into a pond in a rural area of Northern California . The 5-year-old lost control of the vehicle and the pond, with Blake at the wheel and younger friend Jayden Secrest, 3 . CHP Officer David Martinez said that the investigation has focused on how well adults were supervising the boys while riding . No one has been cited or arrested .
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, 54, appeared in the latest issue of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work . She questioned why so many people have made such a fuss over Hillary's hair during the past few decades .
William and Kate returned to Kensington Palace, a few minutes’ drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary’s, Paddington on Sunday night after spending the weekend at Kate’s family home in Berkshire . News came as Kensington Palace revealed William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks’ paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess . Second in line to the throne is a trainee pilot with the East Anglia Air Ambulance in Norfolk .
The statue of Cecil Rhodes is to be removed from the University of Cape Town . It follows weeks of protests at the university over the statue's symbolism . The decision has sparked protests in itself and the university has backed it .
Kutner came face to face with three rhinos along with documenting the crash of rhinos . The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands and is Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve . Just the day before, we had tracked a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and a close-up of rhino .
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, in communal garden . His wife went looking for him after he failed to return into the house . She discovered Rogers standing over his bloodied body before fleeing . Rogers then calmly called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer'
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited . Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot . This will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans to heat it down . The recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15°C (59°F) While the 'extreme allowable' temperature is 40°C to 50°C . A lithium-ion battery will lose six per cent of its maximum capacity every year .
Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland, was taken to a local hospital with a Taser after a reported break in at a house he had broken into . Brown was pronounced dead shortly after midnight at the Meritus Medical Center . All five officers involved are white . Race hasn't been raised as a factor but it comes amid a national debate about the deaths of black men at the hands of police .
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found dead at their farm in Attica, New York . Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out the murder .
Bridget Klecker, 42, of San Francisco died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing police during a wild chase through San Francisco . Three suspects were still at large as of Friday night, but the car struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her . Witnesses saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged .
Three Syrians arrested for allegedly being part of Turkish-flagged yacht . Smugglers charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the dangerous crossing . Total earned by organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000 . Yet even the yacht failed to make it to the sea in its entirety .
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a 'religious nutcase' by colleague . She was suspended from job after Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity . Ms Wasteney has launched a challenge to an employment tribunal . They say they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion .
Richard Lapointe, 69, from Connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother . The former dishwasher was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail . He was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air . His attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple .
Former ferry, HMS Ulster Queen, arrived in Greenock in November 1942 after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by German U-boats . As a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters . It is not known if the case of gold and silver bars were ever recovered .
The Channel 4 programme is hosted by actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead . The pair give old-bangers a lease of life by restoring them to their former glory . Glenister appears to wipe the colour from Anstead's face before saying: 'This is Bond'
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the start of the NFL off-season program . Tebow's last regular-season game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and ran just 32 times in his lone season on the team . The Eagles made Tebow one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he spent last year as a college television commentator when no NFL team wanted him . After the Eagles decided to still bring him on to the roster
Education Secretary says Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories . But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on Eurosceptic party . Farage used televised leaders' debate to target people with HIV coming to UK .
Brewer Matthew Halliday, 29, owner of Bradford Brewing Company, said . He said throngs of people have turned up at brewery's Brewfactory bar . The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate took offence . Mr Galloway responded: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Dr Teresa Belton believes that simple activities can increase happiness . The 62-year-old author of Happier People Healthier Planet insists they are non-material things that support our wellbeing . Practices include inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture .
Forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone . The Nefertiti lift, aptly named after the Egyptian queen famous for her very defined jaw line . Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic .
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum is one of the world's richest men . He wants to build a six-storey super car park in London by the Thames . Neighbours are worried their road will be spoilt by 120 cars arriving each day .
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . Powers' on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death .
Tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour candidates . It also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt . Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’
Parents are opting for DIY brain stimulation kits to motivate their child . For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit online . Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear .
Andreas Lubitz, 28, is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit . Recordings from the cockpit suggest he deliberately crashed the plane . But aviation boss Matt Andersson says any number of causes could have been to blame . He adds: 'The public should patiently wait for a through, multi-party professional air safety investigation'
An epic prank saw 40 tourists fly to Costa Rica to enjoy white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking . The creative project was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works . It sparked outrage from the Costa Rican government and ambassador to Ecuador complaining to the authorities and resulting in Ecuador issuing an apology .
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5 . Police believe she was lured to her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker so she could steal the victim's three-week-old baby . The baby boy was found dead by police and is safe .
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record . It follows similar moves by groups such as Facebook who have made it easier for users to access their content following privacy concerns . Google has also warned users not download the search archive on a public computer to maintain privacy .
Amanda Casey was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of his third wife, Shelby Wilkie . He is serving a life sentence without parole .
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, a brewpub he was opening up with his business partner, Moto . An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities are investigating the father-of-two's death as a suicide . Friends say the married father of two had recently been strained by a lawsuit filed by an former investor in Moto and iNG, which he shuttered last year .
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday morning . The 48-year-old was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have revealed . On Monday a man, 46, was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . He is being questioned at a central London police station while officers appeal .
Beautician Chernae Noonan blocked the cosmetics giant's application to trademark the phrase 'Brow Bar' BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arnault . His estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France according to Forbes .
Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas . But he claims he is being denied crucial financial support because the attack was inspired by a foreign terrorist group . Earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed while serving . One victim says he still going without certain benefits after Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty .
David and Samantha Cameron were 'falling apart' after Ivan's birth . They were struggling to cope after he was born with a rare brain disorder . Ohtahara Syndrome left him in a wheelchair, needing round-the-clock care . He died aged six in 2009 after suffering from cerebral palsy and epileptic fits . Mrs Cameron said: 'We were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening . Trooper J. Gabbard launched a manhunt for Kimmel and later found him on horseback again . Officers said he had slurred speech, smelt of alcohol and was unsteady on his feet .
Leelah Alcorn, 17, committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy . White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said administration supports banning the treatments for minors . 'The overwhelming scientific evidence demonstrates that conversion therapy, especially when it is practiced on young people, is neither medically nor ethically appropriate and can cause substantial harm'
The $5million film is titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine . It is about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazis . Russian-language film is about Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko . The 25-year-old was said to have killed 309 Nazis in less than a year .
Jahnae Jackson and her boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes, have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday . The 18-year-old completed school at the end of last year and admits she wanted to go to university . But she and Jackson are still paralysed and unable to dress himself . They have reached the target on their GoFundMe page on Monday morning .
Child 44 tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in Stalin era . Russia's culture minister said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory . Country has cracked down on negative depictions of the Soviet Union in recent years . Culture minister Vladimir Medinsky condemned the film for its depiction .
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography . If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the US . He worked at prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island .
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones . But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while undergoing radiotherapy . Youngster asked if he could decorate the mask that holds him still while having treatment .
The winning photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women . The newspaper was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper .
US genealogy expert has traced Clinton’s roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, a small Welsh community in south Wales . Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil, and from an early age supported her widowed mother .
Gerald Whalen visited Oklahoma fast food outlet with wife April . But meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be pornographic film . Sex scene was screened in front of appalled couple's 6-year-old twins . KFC has pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be accessed .
Police began combing woodland in Argyll following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control . Plane was travelling from central Scotland to Tiree, the most westerly island of the inner Hebrides when it was reported to have dived . Emergency call made at 1.50pm this afternoon when plane lost radar contact near Beinn nan Lus, boggy hill near Glen Kinglass .
Evansville in Comanchea County, Kansas, was once home to a post office, grocery store and school house . But now, the ghost town is still home to two final residents, rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and wife, Phyllis . They don't have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy neighbors . Instead, they encounter only hired workers in the town, which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas' history .
Michael Thomas Slager, 33, shot dead unarmed black man Walter Lamer Scott, 55, on Saturday in Charleston, South Carolina . Slager had dismissed excessive force complaint and Scott was jailed repeatedly for failing to pay child support . Residents in Slager's police file say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain .
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, gave an impassioned speech at Walter Scott's funeral today . Slager, who shot Scott five times in the back, referred to him as a 'disgrace' and said: 'It's one thing to have a loved one die... It's another to have to watch them die... and see how they died' Dr Hamilton continued to rail against Slager during the service . The family had a police escort to
David and Victoria Beckham have won a planning battle against neighbours . They want to install air-con in five rooms including luxury gym . But one neighbour was furious, claiming it 'will affect my house included' Beckhams bought grand property in Holland Park for £31.5 million in cash in 2013 . When ready, property will have six-bedrooms, gym, study, office, playroom, cinema and large drawing room .
Nine tabloid journalists were cleared of paying public officials for information . But today a jury threw out the case against three Sun journalists and one former Daily Mirror reporter . Former Leveson reporter Lucy Panton had her conviction quashed by the Court of Appeal after being the first to be found guilty .
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, allegedly struck and killed Trinity Backmann, 13, on February 28 in Apopka, Florida . Trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when both of them were struck by the car . Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08 .
Martin and Jessica Castillo lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Mexico in February 2013 . Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . The couple renewed their vows in an intimate ceremony in the same town as their original honeymoon . 'Jessica and Martin shared a preview of this story and celebrated their love and the success of #thelostweddingband campaign'
Whitney Houston singer appeared close to tears during his performance in Los Angeles on Saturday night . The 46-year-old performed a set of old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown LA on Saturday after months staying by his daughter Bobbi Kristina's side .
Julio Acevedo, 46, was convicted of manslaughter and given 25 years to life in prison on Monday . Nachman and Raizel Glauber, who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash, were killed instantly in Williamsburg, Brooklyn . The driver left the scene and could not be found in the days after the crash . Orthodox Jewish community, which had thousands of members, offered a $15,000 award for information leading to the arrest .
Ukip leader booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall . He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants . BBC hired pollster ICM, which defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C. suburb of Prince George's County . The suspect, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday . Anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend .
Hot Dudes With Dogs was created by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound . It relies on direct messages and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can find . Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner's sunglasses .
Three London schoolgirls believed to be living in Syrian city of Raqqa . Amira Abase, 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, thought to be in Syria . Begum has forged social media links with three leaders of al-Khansa brigade . Brigade has told children as young as nine should be married to men . Women patrol the streets with automatic weapons and obey men at all times . Group has been accused of doling out savage beatings and spying on citizens .
Presenters star in the new Garnier Nutrisse campaign . Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall are two of television's golden girls . The pair are 60 per cent grey and have to dye hair every three to four weeks .
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in Arapahoe County District Court . James Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in July 2012 in Aurora, Colorado . Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time . If they find him guilty they must also decide if he should be put to death or sentenced to life in prison without parole .
19-month-old Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year . The football-sized tumour is growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine . It is releasing huge amounts of adrenaline, which meant Rosann needed to be put on heart medication to balance her heartbeat . She contracted a staph infection and had to have four rounds of chemotherapy . Her aunt, Jessica Searle, said her mother Jamielee knew something more was wrong when her stomach began to swell .
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal . He said Mr Miliband rejected idea as he was 'under pressure from Conservative press' Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street because he is unwilling to do a deal with SNP .
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested last night, some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the Mediterranean . He has been charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration . Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue . As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, forcing it to overturn . Instead of leaving the Italian coastguard vessel
Sienna Miller says she's 'not a gym person' despite being 'very sporty at school' Her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies .
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear, but it is thought this would mean those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax . The minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in October .
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip . Poll will also ease Tory jitters with less than a month to go to election day . Tories on 34 per cent and Labour 33 per cent ahead on election day, pollsters say . Voters more likely to trust Conservatives than Labour to secure growth .
Brad Allan captured the image in Cape York, far north Queensland, on Monday morning . The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years' This comes as travellers heading to Anzac Day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance .
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs . Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours . On Monday night no rocks were thrown at police but 34 people were taken into protective custody and 77 youths were arrested for trespassing .
Frankie Ruttledge weighed 18st 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life . The 24-year-old dropped to a svelte size 10/12 after being a bridesmaid three times . She is now one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time to marry the love of her life Luke Haynes, 24 .
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama . He was hired by Labour leader amid great fanfare last year . Helps refine Miliband’s message about tackling cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .
Dana Marie McKinnon, of Oviedo, Florida, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide . She was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old defense contractor Vihn Vo . The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' efforts to save him .
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, Anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother Harsh are among the world's heaviest young children . They eat 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and £2kg (15kg) respectively . And their extreme hunger means their mother spends most of her day making their meals .
A lack of iron is known to trigger hair loss, especially in women . But should you take iron supplements to treat it? Women with increased hair-shedding responded well to the supplements .
Rob MacFarlane took pictures of the brave raccoon, 'Little Mac', on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up . He wrote: 'This critter climbed over 700' to crap on my machine deck' In the shot, Mac can be seen holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide .
Derby-based Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 . She posed in campaigns for Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove . But she was secretly 'repulsed' by her body and checked into a fitness camp . Lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to 12 stone . 'I really don't mind losing all the work I once had at all because I am so much happier as a slimmer person,' she says .
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside . His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . But her love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed .
Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor when they died . Islanders claim the death from pneumonia of Karen in January prompted the investigation, which then uncovered three more deaths of concern . Retired stonemason Colin, 63, died of heart failure in May . Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service .
The bodies of Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika were discovered at their house in the country's eastern Agri Province . Authorities believe the family, which included six children as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning . Other theories suggested the deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder used by the family for lighting purposes .
Leanna Norris, 25, drugged two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl . She put duct tape over the girl’s mouth and nose, then smothered her . The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine . Her ex-boyfriend, the father of her child, dating other women, was jailed for 37 years .
Dino Maglio, 35, raped 16-year-old while staying at his home in Padua, Italy . He spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquiliser pill . The girl, who was under-age at the time, said sex was consensual but he was 'stupid' to spike it .
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at an armadillo on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard . Lee County Sheriff's deputies say he fired 100-yards away from Carol Johnson, 74, who suffered non-life-threatening injuries .
The dummies could pose a choking risk for newborns for the second time in two years . Supermarket was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of Little Angels 2 Newborns 0+ Months after a customer complaint on Facebook . Complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing of one dummy, although the baby was unharmed .
'Look out DC,' the first lady joked during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday . Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White . House grounds on her own .
Rape Crisis London has launched the #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes campaign . The campaign asks women to join the movement by uploading their images to Instagram using the hashtag . Over 2,000 photographs of 200 women have been taken in London .
The new collagen-laced brew was created by Japanese liquor company Suntory . It boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . Collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure .
The couple all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses, whom they've known for a total of seven days . Jaclyn Methuen, 30, has finally admitted to having a crush on her husband on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight .
Prime Minister will claim Labour's policies risk putting a million people out of work . Will extend national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to firms . Says he is 'really angry' at the Conservatives' claim that Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many' IMF has predicted that Britain would still be running a deficit in the decade .
Every adult in Britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in manifesto . But the Green Party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement . Claimed the citizens’ income was backed by an ‘increasing number of economists’
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport as he returned from Syria . The 43-year-old, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . He left behind his wife Andrea and three young sons, aged three to 11, who had no idea of his decision to flee the country before he disappeared . In February Australian man Ashley Johnston became first Westerner to be killed fighting against IS for the Kurdish People's Protection Unit (YPG)
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim . She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’ Hawker's memoir is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now .
The Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to consider the instability in the region when booking their accommodation . The Alliance has compiled a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling . Those to be avoided are labelled red, those coded as green, and orange businesses are 'under consideration' by the group .
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after state government approves new planning powers . There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours . Police have often been called in after complaints about noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence .
The room featured an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks . It must have been embarrassing for animal welfare crusader Prince William . But the Queen's Norfolk estate reopened its doors to the public on Saturday .
Mohamed Soltan, 27, sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest against government that overthrew Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 . The American citizen, who grew up in Michigan, Michigan and Ohio, moved to Egypt to be closer to his mother during her cancer treatment . He has done 'irreparable damage' to his body including losing roughly 100 pounds . Judge known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group .
Five Afghan men found hiding in back of refrigerated lorry near Churcham, Gloucestershire . It is believed the men had climbed into a truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally . Police sniffer dogs were used to find the men after they were brought out of the truck this morning .
Police believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive despite fears he was kidnapped by a paedophile ring . Three-year-old was in the front yard of his grandmother's house when he vanished . His mother frantically searched their house, opening cupboards and yelled out 'You need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are' Police have described a 'fast-paced' investigation into the new line of inquiry . The focus of the investigation has now shifted dramatically, detectives say .
Ultimo entrepreneur Michelle Mone bought the three-bedroom property in Park Circus area of Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011 . She spent months renovating the two-storey townhouse which has been 'outstanding interior designed luxury home' Once the sale is completed she will profit from at least £100,00 if it sells .
With just a bird, a gas lamp and a net, China men keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive . Cormorant fishing only produces about 4kg of carp per day . Men release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft .
The Keukenof Gardens are largely recognised as one of the world's most beautiful springtime wonders . The 32-hectare park will pay tribute to the late Van Gogh with their curated, hand-planted floral designs . In Lisse, the beautiful town of Lisse has seven million blooms, stunning waterways, windmills and even a petting zoo .
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers . Event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - founded in 1981 in single-party country .
The unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy . A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun - ripped apart a planet as it came too close . For close encounters, the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides, caused by the difference in gravity's pull on the near and far side of the planet .
Sue Sharp bought £11 lamb from Galashiels in Midlothian, Scotland . She purposely sought out British produce in support of fellow farmers . But when she got home she found the 'home-grown' leg had actually been flown . Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and the gaffe was the result of human error .
More than 250 objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer at Christie's South Kensington . Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust . One of the highlights is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful British Antarctic Expedition . The copies were created using surviving gelatine positives and paper negatives taken by Scott before he and rest of his party died during their return journey .
Sabra Dipping Co. said the number of batches in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' The company said the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine test in March 2015 tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes . Listeria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems .
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her socialite mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack . Baby Stella was born in hospital last month and Mack plans to keep it with her until the child is two years old . Prosecutors have asked judges to declare their verdict on the case next Tuesday .
Some patients are charging up to £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs . Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money . NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults .
Steve and Sarah Nick allegedly built up arsenal including machine gun, sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition . Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia . They are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul .
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote . Two years ago, she said of 2014's vote: 'We have always said it's a once in a generation thing' But she said she would not call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto for election . Result of election this May set to put Ms Sturgeon in powerful position at Westminster . Scottish first minister was accused of holding Britain to ‘ransom’
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was staying . The 20-year-old then decided to try the clothes on for size herself . She posted a picture of herself in the star's shirt and posted on Twitter . Niall has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters where he acted as a caddy .
Only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne, according to poll . Compares with an almost identical number who says Prince should stand aside in favour of his elder son Prince William . William and Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family . 55 per cent are against the Duchess of Cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king . This is down from 73 per cent at the time of her wedding to Charles in 2005 .
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night with the Johanna Johnson Show presentation . FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows, the beautiful designs we can't wait to try .
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia . Demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study says .
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing . He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail . Police are offering a £5,000 reward for information leading to his arrest .
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007 . We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe . Ed Miliband wants to take the country back to the 1970s .
A recent survey of more than 1,000 Australian parents found that a third of women are not finding time for their hobbies . Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins says it's important to create space for the things we love to be happy . The survey of 1,025 Australian parents was conducted by Officeworks .
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people . It was revealed he had been treated for psychiatric illness, it later emerged . Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict .
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana . They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes . Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on aircraft . When planes were stationary, the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on . But when it approached them with its lights off, their response slowed . Birds were more alert when they approached the aircraft in this colour . And the birds were more likely to get out of the way of the aircraft when they were turned on, which caused £480 million worth of
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on General Election paper . Due to stand as independent, he had contested elections before . He won 29 votes in Haltemprice and Howden by-election, despite campaigning for record score of 0. He died following battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself .
Joe Anderson, 56, was a senior learning mentor at Chesterfield High School . He was paid £80,000 salary and tried to claim he was being punished for 'philosophical belief' in public service when school stopped payments in 2011 . When school stopped the payments in 2011, he tried to sue the school for discrimination . Mr Anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling against him and took case to appeal . Judge said outsiders would consider payments a 'misapplication of public monies'
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in early hours of this morning . Deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on plane packed with holidaymakers last night . Four of his relatives - including four children ranging from one-year-old baby to an 11 - were stopped on Turkish border with Syria on April 1 . Convoy filmed leaving police station in southern Turkey and getting on coach to Antalya, which is 500 miles to the west .
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died after he and colleague got into difficulties . Mr Hunt was tackling fire at Paul's Hair World in Manchester's Northern Quarter . She dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near shop's fire exit . Judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' and will not face trial .
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico . The photographer was initially 'fearful and unsure' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea, but didn't let that stop him from the new adventure .
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 . The boy, 10, told his friends that he had witnessed a murder and pushed him down an embankment . L.T. then reverted to his original version and told police that a 'big person' committed the crime . Lee was in the care of his foster mother when he went missing .
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head during rush-hour traffic . Dietrich Evans, 22, has been charged with aggravated assault . Victim said she prayed for police to catch her alleged shooter or for him .
PETA have launched a campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep . The campaign shows guitarist Jona Weinhofen holding a severed lamb actually made of foam . Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday . Footage shows shearers kicking, stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle . Shearers reject that the abuse is systematic across Australia as this would cause a national scandal .
NBC correspondent Richard Engel was taken by Sunni rebels in 2012 . They were convinced by captors they were Shi-ite militiamen, he says . But they may have been kidnapped by militiamen for money and propaganda . Engel and team were prompted to research circumstances of kidnapping . New York Times reporter Aziz Akyavas and photographer John Kooistra interviewed .
Kai Windsor, now 10, began life as a girl at the age of three . He shun traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around . At six he wanted his hair cut short and developed an awkwardness around girls . By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37 . Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty to stop him developing into a woman .
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of seven-stone dog Winston . Winston has terrorised postmen but Royal Mail are victimising the pet . Neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away'
iRobot claims its machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life . The frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz . There is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia .
Bradley Skinner, 59, broke into home she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Police say he followed her with a shotgun and aimed his pistol at her . She then opened fire with his pistol, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries . Both she and her husband were handcuffed on the ground after the double shooting .
Footage shows a crocodile calmly moving through a marina in Mexico . Tourist Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife . He described how the croc kept the dog in its mouth for 'not moving at all' The dog belonged to Mr Weston's local bike shop owner . The video was posted on the Bogged Facebook page .
15-month-old Budi was found lying on his back in a pod in Borneo, Indonesia . He was discovered by the International Animal Rescue's orangutan center . Duo have formed a 'beautiful friendship' and enjoy eating meals together . Budi died of malnutrition in December and was too weak to move .
North wore a cute white knitted top with denim shorts and boots on Tuesday . The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem . North was christened in Jerusalem's Old City at the Armenian church St James Cathedral .
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . The Qadaa al-Haajah is part of a set of guideline based on the teachings of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Two 17-year-old boys arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria . Also detaining a 'terror fundraiser' for the purpose of terrorism . Arrests were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public . West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying potential jihadi fighters .
The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, Sirens' Call, featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers . Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month . Models wore dresses and separates in gold foil skirt, liquid metallic silver satin dress with tulle skirt, and incredibly intricate 1920s style wedding gown .
Cate McGregor was surprised when it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman . It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book . The PM told her on Wednesday: 'your party won't be thrilled about this' But a senior military official said she is 'sad' that he is not a supporter of it . McGregor is now Group Captain in the Royal Australian Air Force .
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, are a 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents . The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were verbally abused . Stacey Eden overheard the ranter being called 'ISIS terrorists' The video of the attack went viral and was recorded standing up for the couple . NSW police sources say a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way .
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home . The attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement, however a Baltimore judge ordered they only receive 17.25 per cent .
Scientists in Germany announced that measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised . Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders . But in a paper published online by the journal Science, the team led by Hans-Ulrich Auster said their data benefited from three unexpected bounces that allowed Philavie to collect more results than planned . 'If the surface was magnetised, we would have expected to see a clear
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment . Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition . The frontman of REM is a long-time supporter of the Rocket Man singer’s foundation .
Google's Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X research library, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities . Other upcoming inventions include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths .
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948 . Post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable . Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body . Professor Derek Abbott said there was 'a good chance' of identifying the
Jerry Grayson tracked down every aircraft he had flown during the 1970s . The 59-year-old saved 15 yachtsmen during the doomed Fastnet Yacht Race . He found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit . Wessex XS 886 now resides in Blackberry Wood near Ditchling, Sussex .
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized in Maryland since last Friday . Her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park . Police believe he had been dumped in the rainy and cold woods for five days . Parler initially was charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect . She left him on Monday to visit her out-of-state boyfriend, who thought the boy was with her . The boy attends a public high school that had inquired about his absences .
Scientists from Harvard and Massachusetts General Hospital have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone . It uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads change the way the light is scattered by the sample . They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together . Each test costs around £1.20 ($1.80) and the device can return results within two minutes .
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am today . Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming . State troopers are still investigating the incident and no charges have been filed .
Venessa Harris, 12, was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5 . She won the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest and was the international winner in the contest . Her parents Kelly and Karen Monaghan found out about the cancer on Christmas Eve, but her condition wasn't confirmed until the new year . The cancer was in the neck of her right femur and was told it had eaten away so much of her bone that it had the thickness of an egg shell .
David Cameron made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning . He risked the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same' Wrangles have been running for generations over whether it should be jam first .
Robert Blackwell, 19, ploughed into Liberty Baker, 14, in Witney, Oxfordshire . He had been smoking cannabis the day before and was texting at the wheel . Blackwell had traces of the drug in his bloodstream at time of the crash . Mother Maureen Baker 'dark thoughts' about committing suicide at the spot . Family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to the killer .
Located next to the Hudson River 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time . Will include mobile bar cars, 20-seat restaurant, 4-D ride on ground and LED light show every night . Dubai Eye will stand 690ft tall when it is complete, making it the world’s biggest . Previous record holder is the High Roller in Las Vegas, followed by the Singapore Flyer .
Martin Alvarado Jr, 23, allegedly became enraged that his girlfriend's 18-month-old son Edwin Eli O'Reilly urinated on him as he changed the boy's diaper, according to authorities . The boy was rushed to MacNeal Hospital in Berywn, where he later died . He appeared in court on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin and has been ordered to be held without bail .
Deanna Rudison, 55, charged with aggravated battery in Monday morning incident . Incident took place at Quick Stop gas station in 3300 block of Carondelet Street . Two 18-year-old girl and friend, 15, allegedly doused them with bleach in retaliation for skipping the line to pay for her purchases . One of the girls gave chase and managed to kick a window's in her car before it peeled off .
The 16-year-old ordered the poison off the 'dark web' He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by counter-terrorism officers . Court heard he was attempting to buy the poison because he wanted to commit suicide . Officers from North West Counter Terrorism Unit were in contact with the boy . He was sentenced to a 12 month referral order at Manchester Youth Court .
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says . He claims the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible .
Man posted YouTube video in which he asked questions on his iPad . He asked 'How do you register a gay marriage in England?' He replied: 'So, now you're swearing obscenities and you are going to eat with these very hands!' The company said responses to his questions were down to a 'bug'
Kelsey Higley, a student at the University of Oklahoma in Norman, created a self-portrait showing what her body might look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes . The 22-year-old's work is part of a project which has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo . She digitally alters her face, making her eyes appear much bigger than they are .
IpsosMori quiz asked almost 100 candidates standing for election . Not one Labour candidate listed spending or the deficit as biggest issues . Compared to 35% of Tory candidates and 2% of the Scottish National Party .
The PM said the London Mayor had 'suddenly realised' that the pair were no longer in 'competition' He said: 'His competition is people who'll have a crack at it after me' It comes just weeks after Cameron revealed he would stand down as Prime Minister before 2020 if he wins re-election .
Rebecca and Harry settled in at the Anantara the Palm Jumeirah . The beach resort has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels .
DC Ciara Campbell broke up with police marksman Stuart Swarbrick . Photos of his new partner, a civilian police worker, were found on her iPad . The 43-year-old accused of prying on the tracks 200 times over a year . She denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data .
Supermarket publishes list of how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active . Insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up stores . One suggested slimmer employees are less likely to be off sick . Another said slimmer workers can stack shelves faster than fat ones .
Angela Linton, 47, wrote the vile message, directed at Thomas O'Brien . She has been given community order and told to carry out unpaid work . Linton's son started at Perry Beeches secondary school in September last year .
Thousands of Australians could be getting letters threatening legal action if they illegally downloaded and shared Hollywood film Dallas Buyers Club . Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling on Tuesday . But legal experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations .
The Duke of York was inspired to launch charity Key to Freedom . Rescued from brothels, domestic servitude and human trafficking, the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity . Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop .
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford killed in road accident in East Sussex . 21-year-old had just received job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed . Mr Owen's family say they still can't accept he's gone .
Dr Zoe Waller has skin condition dermatographia - a type of urticaria, or hives . A raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell . Her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day will draw a new one on their skin .
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, dropped from 38st to 17st . He struggled with his weight since childhood when his mother worked at a biscuit factory . At his largest, he would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them . His wife Debbie, also 56, tipped the scales at 18st and dropped 8st in total . The determined pair have now lost a combined weight of 29 stone .
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . The officer was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the New York Police Department . However, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims that were untrue .
UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance . Despite national earnings that make us the world’s fifth richest country, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness . Findings recorded by US analysts in ‘social progress index’ suggest that fast economic recovery from recession has done little to ease longstanding problems that blight lives of millions .
In 2018, Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS) The space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox . The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations . This will help scientists develop new technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space .
Nikki Thomas, 27, has appeared on This Morning to tell how her sister was murdered by her obsessive ex Philip Packer . She said Packer was controlling and would bombard her with calls and texts . But he didn't report his behaviour to police - and she never reported him to police and paid the ultimate price . Jenna was strangled to death by Packer in 2008 in a jealous rage .
A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the President’s headquarters . It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government . The listing was created to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems .
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' in the lead up to Anzac centenary . The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page in memory of the men and women who fought for their country . Supermarket has been inundated with comments, including one calling the campaign 'absolutely disgusting' A spokeswoman said the campaign is not a marketing strategy .
The four trendy South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month . Listing agents are claiming the apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million . The controversial pair made a return for 'Triple Threat' after winning only $10,000 on the 'Glasshouse' auction day .
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, have been stabbed or shot at . They are aged 14 to 22 and are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . 'At its heart, they are offering each other unconditional love and support,' they say . Now, the gang members, who have set up their own fashion label, are putting on fashion shows in the north-east area .
White House state dinner is highest diplomatic honour the U.S. reserves . Shrouded in pageantry, it's also one of the most lavish affairs the government puts on . Obama held his first state dinner toward the end of his first year in office, honouring then-Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
Jesse Willesee was arrested at Sydney Town Hall on Monday for smoking weed as part of his ongoing cannabis campaign . His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign . The couple are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise the drug .
Merfin made from recycled rubber flippers that can swim like a mermaid . Created by freediver Kazzie Mahina, 37, from Byron Bay in New South Wales . Product retails at £99 in the UK and can also tone abs and thighs .
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules – even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . Homeowners have been told to remove any non-recyclable material from the wheelie bin lids . Dozens of residents have now taken to social media to complain that their blue bins are 'trying to make a point' over recycling rules .
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week . The tennis star has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day . He has chosen a menu based on a series of food tasting sessions . Murray said: 'In terms of flowers and colour schemes and those sorts of things, I couldn't really care less about that'
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday . Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions . She is being treated in complete isolation in a single room under ACT Health protocol . ACT Chief medical administrator Frank Bowden said this was a precautionary measure with strict protocols to protect the patient, staff and the community .
Study suggests religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . It found communities that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code, tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community . UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a survey .
Katrina Maddox, 23, had baby Edward in the back of an ambulance last Thursday . Two years ago she had her first son Reuben in exactly the same way . The three-hour long labour took just 72 minutes to arrive in North Tuddenham . His father Peter, 30, delivered Edward by his side as the ambulance travelled .
Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula were praying at Mecca in an FA Cup match . They roll out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand . Matches are shifted all over the shop by the schedulers for purely commercial reasons .
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES . Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were in a car that fatally ran over James Anderson in June 2011 . The Jackson, Mississippi man died after being beaten and run over by a truck . Both women read letters of apology to Anderson's bereaved family, writing: 'It was the worst decision of my life'
Jon Hamm, 44, was charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation at Sigma Nu fraternity in Austin, Texas . Allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals . He then refused to let him pat the flames down, but instead made him blow them out . Hamm and seven other members ominously told him, 'It's going to be a long night!' The sophomore was at the Sigma Nu house when he was allegedly
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist . Somali-born author has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. 'I cannot imagine what it is like to be a black man living in Saudi Arabia, in Iran - even where the majority of people are black, like Africa,' she said .
An arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced AFL premiership player Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences . The 36-year-old was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear . His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments, and said he had a photograph of the document .
UK sixth from last in global survey of 65 countries with only 30 per cent calling themselves religious . This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious, with 13 per cent saying they were 'convinced atheists' 94 per cent of people in Thailand deem themselves religious, followed by Asian, Bangladesh, Georgia and Morocco .
Debenhams and Mothercare call time on cut-price promotions that seem to go on forever . Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .
Mindfulness for Travel was created for launch of Airbus A380 between London and San Francisco . Airline consulted mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop the recommended practices .
Male model Sam Reese, 22, recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates show . He was asked to split the bill with his date Kathleen rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter . 'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I’m dead,' wrote one man on Twitter, 'chivalry is still a thing!'
The train was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday . Conductor saw smoke coming from the board along track's third rail . More than 500 passengers were taken to Grand Central Station in Manhattan . No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint and requested medical attention .
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society' Comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford .
London-based Trotters has released a new 'exclusive, yet affordable: stylish yet traditional' collection . The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers, and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing .
Rosdeep Adekoya beat the toddler before putting his lifeless body in a suitcase . She then told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt . Police Scotland probed claims and an internal investigation was launched . Council workers alleged to have accessed confidential social work files . They were sacked after looking at documents relating to the case without permission .
Manager of The Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, made decision . He said he was fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams . Said he has now cancelled the regular matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
Hillary and Bill Clinton enjoyed some downtime on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home . Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed . Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at family-owned business this afternoon . She's currently on a two-day swing through the Granite State .
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and Elaine Paige will perform at the event . It is part of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War . The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1 .
The espresso maker is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . It was supposed to arrive in January so she could get a break from the station's instant coffee . But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion . The machine uses a standard coffee capsule, which is posted in the top of the machine, which can also be used to rehydrate food .
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . The Golden Globe winner was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at University of Texas at Austin . Hamm, a sophomore, was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993, long before becoming one of America's most recognizable actors playing boozy advertising exec Don Draper . An assault charge was dismissed, however, and he completed
Reality TV’s Dr Paul Nassif and Dr Terry Dubrow were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season, Dr Dubrow said . They stressed that cosmetic procedures are 'as serious as brain surgery' - which is one of the reasons why so many terrible outcomes .
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, Washington, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around . During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times . The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives or about 13.7 million beeses .
Her Majesty was spotted outing her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma . She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in park . As is her wont, eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves . On Thursday the Monarch was seen trotting through park again with Pendry .
Paris-Roubaix race was Sir Bradley Wiggins' last for Team Sky . But barriers came down to signal a train was passing through . Racers swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds . One-day race was won by German cyclist John Degenkolb .
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery . Deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man . Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy . The disposition of the case was not immediately known .
Matilda Kahl, a New York art director, wears the exact same 'uniform' every day because she wants to be judged on her work and work only . The unique idea came to her after a stressful morning when with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon'
Figures by anti-piracy and security firm Irdeto reveal overall illegal download of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year . Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones was Brazil, followed by France . Seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded . HBO announced in March that forthcoming season will air across 170 countries at the same time .
Fashion designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots . Key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks . The uniforms had a nautical style in 1938 before reverting back military style khaki uniforms in WWII .
Bank rejected £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed husband to be too old . HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their 'distress and inconvenience' Bosses at bank defended their decision and argued it was 'entitled to apply a maximum age policy'
Front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia given eyeful . Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq . Sex appeal played major role in the show, whether through sheer fabrics or racily cut gowns with thigh-high slits .
Two warring sisters stripped of right to control mother's money . One 61-year-old retired GP and one 58-year old radiographer also involved . Judge said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter legal document . The mother, who has dementia, lives in care home in Stoke Mandeville .
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and towel placed over a face, say local police . The 86-year-old's body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, 85 miles south-west of Durban .
Django Greenblatt-Seay made a Craigslist ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is trying to sell for $3,000 . He used a drone to film a commercial for the car, headlights, dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial . In the video, he interjects the audio with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to his 2002-model car .
Pippa and Nico Jackson have been spotted leaving a restaurant in Fulham . The 31-year-old wore a low-key tailored cream blazer and denim jeans . She walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in .
Jacob Hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away Down Under for his seven-year-old son, Evan . Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud . Mr Hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the 'Australian tooth fairy' ever since this happened .
Xana Doyle, 19, was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car . Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof in accident in January . Driver Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit at Cardiff Crown Court . Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
Doctors at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York conducted trial . They combined drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab . The 49-year-old patient's giant tumour was 'dissolved' after one dose . Five months later, another growth had protruded through the skin . But despite surgery, the cancer had returned, and the mass had 'disappeared'
Five-year-old Melvin was attacked by an antelope at Kristiansand Zoo . Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack on Monday . The giraffe had got his head stuck in the enclosure's fence .
Journalist and lifestyle guru behind book 'I Quit Sugar' complained to Mamamia . Wilson's face plastered on article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans . Public Health Association of Australia said 'a baby may die' if they consumed one of its recipes .
It's time to ditch pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower . 'We are living in a society where it is possible to be overweight and deficient in essential nutrients,' she said . Women may benefit from adding oils and a multivitamin rich in magnesium to help alleviate PMS symptoms .
James Freedman is exhibiting his 'skills' on stage in a one-man pickpocket show, called Man Of Steal, in which he even takes off someone’s tie without them realising . For years he's been giving pickket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime . He also advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the ‘art’ to actors .
Sofia Vergara is fighting back in the bitter battle with ex Nick Loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in November 2013 . The 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' However, her attorney said the Colombian actress has no intention of using them either as she has moved on with her life .
Natalie Prescott, 26, nearly lost her legs after leaping into quarry in 2012 . The dare-devil stunt at Appley Bridge quarry, Wigan, went horribly wrong . Her family was warned she would almost certainly lose her legs if she did . But after learning of the tragedy, she is campaigning to have the area closed off .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday that documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in Puerto Rico . The agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used . Family of four Sean, 16, and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned . They began having seizures and were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering respiratory trauma .
Nilobon Patty accused of 'indirectly causing Iain Mackay's death' Scot, 40, bled to death after 'obviously drunk' in Thai bar . Ms Patty, 35, has denied any involvement in the death of Mr Mackay .
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson was asked on Sunday if halal certification of food products was scrapped . She said that the protests were about 'criticism, not racism' Anti-racist activists burned an Australian flag in Melbourne while chanting: 'No right in genocide' Ms Hanson said that an investigation was needed into the certification in Australia .
Tittygram and Titisign offer eyebrow raising service in Russia . Both post pictures of a woman with 'I love Burger King' on Facebook . The picture can then be used as either a personal message or advertising .
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head . The suspect, described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack . According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . Father ran into the boy's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting, authorities said .
Alissa Sizemore was just seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . She had her right leg amputated below the knee but was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible . The little girl chose Colbie Caillat's hit, a song she felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year .
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia . He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring . Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in Omsk .
Varvara swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, reportedly without stopping for a snack when she was nine years old . Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whale - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US . The researchers used satellite-monitoring tags to track three Western North Pacific gray whales .
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday . But there were a series of long delays and did not get away until early on Wednesday . Some passengers remained in good spirits despite being forced to an unscheduled check-in at Tropicana Las Vegas hotel .
Scott Kelley, 50, and his stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, surrendered at the U.S. embassy in Atlanta on Monday . Kelley fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes . He handed herself in last November, but refused to give up the location of her husband and daughter, who had not been seen for a decade .
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web . The only way to be 100% sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken . 'I think people just have this inbuilt need to share,' she said .
Bali Nine ringleaders Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday . A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s decision to deny the two Australians clemency . The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid .
Chloe Owens, 27, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old . The mobile app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times . As well as breastfeeding it covers important issues such as colic, constipation, post-natal depression and how to perform CPR in an emergency .
Officers made grisly discovery as they combed rural land on outskirts of Milngavie . Man, 21, arrested 'in connection with her death', but formal identification is yet to take place, police say . Karen Buckley, a nursing student, was last seen on Saturday morning in Glasgow with a handbag . Her parents said yesterday that their daughter's disappearance was totally out of character and they were 'desperate' for her safe return .
Right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors . It also claimed to contain highly sensitive information, such as P.O. boxes used by the CIA as cover addresses .
Lib Dem leader says there were reasons why different groups were 'p***** off' He says all those reasons are more important than any decisions he made . 'They're the ones who still scream and shout blue murder and have done so without pause for breath for a decade'
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, collapsed outside a restaurant in Basildon, Essex . Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped . Luckily two off-duty police officers gave Hollie life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived . She was then rushed to Basildon hospital, where she was put into an induced coma . Hollie is now recovering at home with her mother, Denise Bennett .
David Bulman, 55, and wife Lubova had row after criticising her for not doing chores . He followed her and shouted at her before pulling her hair and punching her . Neighbours called police after he drove away leaving his wife with a black eye . Bulman was given 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault .
The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air . These are linked to tumour development . Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap – and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures .
More than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since a year later . Young women and girls who have been abducted are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs . 1.2m people have been forced to flee their home, displaced inside Nigeria or crossed into Cameroon, Chad and Niger . Unicef have revealed that the high profile #bringbackourgirls campaign has helped to raise awareness of the violence .
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is now in its 18th year . It is a flash back to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . 'It's good clean fun, with a hint of naughty,' said Tara O'Hara of Chicago .
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane Tuesday morning . The couple, both wearing their wedding bands, hadn't been photographed together in more than two months, fueling speculation about the state of their marriage . Amber ripped up the rule book by wearing Levi's distressed jeans by the iconic American brand that has been dictating denim trends since 1853 .
Pierre Collins, the father of Barway Edward Collins, was arrested Monday, less than a month after he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return . Collins' body was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center . Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that reveals that the boy's father was in that area at the time he disappeared .
Reddit thread has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours . Titles include 'Orgasm' and 'Mazen' because 'it was 'mazen' when baby was born . Sadly for the owner of this moniker, every introduction would have to be: 'Hello, I'm I'munique'
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday, but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her . Clinton's spokesman wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the dissenting kitchen staffers were brought in for the occasion . 'Which is too bad,' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening .
Ex-PM claims SNP will use any power they wield in Westminster after the election to foster division and further their dream of the break up of the 300-year-old Union . He said he repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to Scotland would make independence more, not less, likely . Labour had argued it would 'kill independence stone dead' but instead it 'fanned the flame'
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County for the last 18 months . The center receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of Florida for providing voluntary prekindergarten during the school year . Both women were terminated after the director heard rumors about the two .
Natasha Willard, 17, has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain when she fell ill while studying for her A-Levels in Wales . Her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her arms and legs and barely able to eat or talk . She was studying art and Welsh in the sixth form at Torfaen's Llantarnam School .
An IMF official admitted that he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country’s bailout . Greece repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds . This would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone .
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012 . Her mother Ashlee Polkinghorne and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to her manslaughter through criminal neglect . Coroner Mark Johns found social workers 'flagrantly disregarded' their legal responsibilities to seize children from neglectful parents . 'The sun comes up tomorrow even though you don't want it to,' Mrs Valentine said . Families SA
Sir Paul and Heather Mills married in 2002 at Macca's Castle Leslie in County Monaghan . The couple had ordered a media blackout of the event in Ireland . Guests were told only to arrive at a hotel at Heathrow Airport at an appointed time . Other guests included the only other surviving Beatle and Ringo Starr .
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown by four-inch pothole . North Yorkshire County Council sent workers to inspect hole a month before tragedy . But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . Coroner: 'No doubt whatsoever that condition of the road on that occasion was the cause of the incident'
Nick Clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts . The Lib Dem leader rushed from Buckingham Palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull on the first day of the election campaign . He was told animals have a lifespan of just five years, which he might be able to relate to as his party faces the prospect of being booted out of government for the first time since 2010 .
Scott Stephenson stole phone from man dying of hypothermia in South Shields . The 19-year-old rifled through victim's pockets and made off with iPhone 4 . Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence, but skipped bail . He was re-bailed for sentencing following his failure to turn up to previous hearing .
Gemma, 34, has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans . New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses . The bubbly blonde feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident .
The four robots were powered by a computer the size of a button developed by Intel . They were connected to a robot called Curie that can be 'controlled' with a flick of the wrist . CEO Brian Krzanich was able to cause the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans .
Matthew Sitko, 23, was pulled from his car that was dangling over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho, about 8am Wednesday . He crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . A passer-by smashed his window and pulled the driver from the car, dragging him further up to safety, where police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist . The driver is recovering in hospital from minor injuries .
US researchers say very few diets have solid evidence to back up their claims . Some produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health . But a handful - including Weight Watchers, Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective according to long-term studies .
Lipscomb, Alabama mayor was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight on Friday . The fight broke out and he was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office . Mayor Lance McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said .
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm . Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season, though there wasn't nearly enough moisture for a rainout . The storm dumped rain in parts of Santa Barbara and Ventura counties and promised three to four hours of steady rain later in the day to parts of Los Angeles County .
Sue Perkins is now favourite to replace disgraced Jeremy Clarkson . Coral are bookmakers' favourite to take over from Clarkson on Top Gear . Former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and British model Jodie Kidd are also in the running . Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused the show's producers .
Sophie Thomas wore a shirt with the word 'feminist' on it for class photo . Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio, had word removed . Thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems . School principal Kendra Young said word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Work and Pensions Secretary said Ed Miliband was standing on 'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' He set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . Ex-Tory leader said Labour 'doesn't understand the importance of work in a cultural, social and health sense'
The form was purchased at an ephemera show by Delaware rare book dealer . It asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane to 'Do you believe in White Supremacy?' At the top is an introduction implying it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits . The KKK's membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million .
Five teenagers plotting an alleged terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids on Saturday morning . Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised a strong police presence across Australia on April 25 . Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam has been remanded in custody . Another 18-year-old is expected to be charged with preparing for a terrorist act . Four thousand Turkish police and security personnel would be deployed on the peninsula .
Huge rise will be due to baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants . Immigrant numbers will increase from 63.4 million to 77.4 million between 2011 and 2051 . While the number of white Britons will increase over that time, the minority population will increase more than three times faster, by 10 million .
Played by Dame Maggie Smith in ITV drama, Violet, Countess may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age . The show will be set among the high society families of New York in the late 19th Century – meaning Violet will be seen her far younger self . There may also be a place for Robert, the Earl of Grantham, and his wife Cora, who is American-born .
Oleg Kalashnikov was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine's previous parliament . It said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide .
The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, Japan . It beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003 . trains use magnets to lift carriages above the track . This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction . The trains are expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time .
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt 'threw her daughter a party, played naked Twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom' She later told her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor she had a wild party . The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail .
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years . Figures show just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more than 2013 . Germany proved a more visited destination than France and Italy, which were all ranked behind Spain and the US .
Officers investigating Brazilian stuffed pastry house found boxes of dogs . Canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head at the eatery . Chinese owner Van Ruilonc admitted making the snacks from dog meat . He said the animals were strays he had rounded up from streets in Rio .
The Wolf Of Wall Street actor, 40, bought the 104-acre Blackadore Caye island in 2005 for $1.75 million, and now plans to build a luxury eco-resort there . The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area . 'It was like heaven on earth. It will change the world,' said DiCaprio .
A recent survey has found that Scotland has been named the most popular wedding destination in the UK in which to tie the knot . The council area of Dumfries and Galloway, in the southwest of the country, was the . most popular, thanks in large part to Gretna Green, a town famous for its 'runaway weddings' Today, one in six Scots are married in the romantic locale, . Argyll and Bute is the second most popular place for weddings in Scotland .
ISIS militants stormed the Yarmouk camp in Damascus last Wednesday . Jihadis posted severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online . Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy, although it has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a two-year siege carried out by the Assad regime .
Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday . They will discuss antitrust concerns, according to reports . The meeting will aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combined company . Staffers at both Justice Department and FCC remain concerned about combined company's combined product .
Dove has asked Australian women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' While around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet . A staggering 96% of women around world describe themselves as average .
Head chef Jared McCarroll says it's best to speak to your butcher . Allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking . The shape and thickness of the steak are also important, the best are 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker .
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition . It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet . Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head which was left there for nine weeks . After his birth, doctors feared he would not last the night . But he held on and underwent more than 50 operations to have his face rebuilt . Now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face .
Mahendra Bavishi is a joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd . His son Manish, 38, was on a month-long holiday with his wife and child . In his absence, the business was being managed by younger brother Alok . Thieves almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working .
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccination for access to childcare benefits . Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016 . Families who do vaccinate their kids are also eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200 a-week childcare benefit and $726 Family Tax Benefit Part A supplement . Mr Morrison said after meeting with religious organisations the payments will be cut off if parents don't immuni
Two county councils, Essex and Gloucestershire, have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness . University of Kent and Campaign to End Loneliness recommend the maps as a way of treating the problem across the country .
The 47-year-old from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children . Police allege he used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . He faces five charges of rape, four counts of indecent treatment of children under 16, eight counts of grooming child under 16 .
Liana Barrientos, 38, pleaded not guilty on Friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her 'services' This is just hours after she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece . Lianna, one of the men wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force . At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously at the time . Bar
Dartmouth College judicial committee 'derecognized' the fraternity because several new members received brands on their backsides . The 46-year-old Greek organization partly inspired the 1978 National Lampoon's Animal House starring John Belushi .
Aedes aegypti responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland . The mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue, chikunguya and yellow fever . Federal Minister for Agricultural Barnaby Joyce said there will be other measures to control the flying critters alongside fumigation .
Former animal shelter worker Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday in Macon, Georgia . Bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her home, which had been auctioned off to a new owner . Neighbor Ed Harrell found a dead dog just inside the doorway of the house when he found the dead dog inside . Police had to air the home due to the stench of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies . Smith worked at the shelter for two months in 2012, but was fired within her six-month probation
The Minister for Communications confirmed he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill . It's not the first time the minister for Communications has graced the pages of GQ in a sharp suit . His exercise regime, love, marriage and the story of how he met his wife were also not out of bounds .
Pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds to withdraw from pension pots and spend as they like . Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property . Economists say increase in silver landlords competing to buy properties is boosting house prices, which are increasing 8.4% a year .
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir . Group advocates a global Muslim caliphate, similar to Islamic State in Syria and Iraq . Ahmed arrested by Turkish police at border town of Reyhanli last week . He was one of nine detained, including four children aged from one to 11 .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley in front of 120 guests on Saturday . But English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body . Family say the English teacher was 'so in love' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life before she vanished .
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met in Buckley during the Second World War . Met in RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the war . Married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to have a family . Daughter Jenny Ledger said: 'It's nice that they are going together; it's what they would have wanted'
Andrea Furlan was captured on camera in front of a river in Stratford . He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth . An unsuspecting herd of cows take note, steps out from behind the herd . Other cows lift their head from the ground and look in the direction of the sound .
Three thieves ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed car, making off with bag . The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, just under a mile long . Included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1m . German was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the National Museum of Modern Art in Paris, according to sources close to the case . Museum later denied knowing anything about the intended delivery .
Ukip leader heckled by audience at Westminster's Central Hall in London . He said: 'There just seems to be a total lack of comprehension on panel' Farage was heckled before David Dimbleby, who was presenting the broadcast . Labour leader Ed Miliband gave Farage the advice: ‘It's never a great idea to attack audience'
Labour leader refused several chances to say his deputy would get second most powerful job if Labour wins general election . Harman has previously suggested Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist . But he has given stronger assurance to shadow Chancellor Ed Balls he will have the top job at the Treasury .
A University student says she turned to prostitution after her student loan failed to cover her rent . She used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her . The student spoke through the English Collective of Prostitutes' research project .
At 6-foot-5 and 289lb JJ Watt is a star defensive terror on the football field . He recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the Texans . On Monday he released a video that shows him performing a 61-inch vertical leap .
California is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to drought . The state has long been one of the world’s biggest producers of fruit and vegetables . Global demand for the nut is soaring as customers from David Cameron to millions of middle-class Chinese develop a passion for almond-based foods .
Burlesque performer Lillian Bustle is using the word 'fat' as a synonym for 'ugly' She told her audience that 'the more we're exposed to body diversity, the more we tolerate, accept, and yes, prefer, different body types' The New Jersey-based dancer hopes her audience will change their perceptions .
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout . They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with wine each . The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on fumes, inquest told . Couple laid dead for 16 days before their son Andrew Charles raised the alarm .
Perth Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict . Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years . FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
The Turin Shroud will go on display until June 24, 2015 . Pilgrims have already booked their slots to see the cloth of Jesus Christ . The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century .
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is on the run . She was eating dinner with a child and a man in a Crown and Thistle pub . The toddler planted the hairs and complained to staff, Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard . But in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner . Smith denied fraud in February but failed to attend her trial this week .
error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course . Two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to 'boost morale' within the force . But one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment to the police .
Migrant workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working . Some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields . They claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce produce . Claims they are made to work around dangerous pesticides causing some to fall ill .
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, delayed for 6 hours . Was due to unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then lasted 6am . Passengers were told that if they got off, that would be the end of their trip .
Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she doesn't support the death penalty in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . 'I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - He should die in prison - but that's just how I see it,' Warren said . The woman once thought to be a front-runner for her party, however, refused to compare her politics to the former secretary of state . Now that the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trial which will decide whether or not to
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . The man with him attempted to save the nine-year-old but could not . Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy .
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to Schock after he resigned last month amid an expenses scandal . Schock, 33, had redecorated his office in the decadent style of television show Downton Abbey . The Peoria Republican had been viewed as a rising star after a slate of media appearances including the cover of Men's Health . His office had received a $40,000 renovation funded by the taxpayer to make it look like the Edwardian Era homes .
Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive . Former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management . Said 'why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating? JWMI has over 900 students and is growing in popularity .
Saturday Night Live mocked Hillary Clinton's decision to announce her presidential bid on social media this week . The show poked fun at the 67-year-old as she is expected to announce she is running for president at noon on Sunday . It is believed she will have a string of celebrity backers for her second presidential bid .
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle . The teen died at the hospital several hours later . Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition . Firefighter Miguel Meza has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of Los Angeles City Councilman Joe Buscaino .
Mail reveals Pharmacy2U passed information on NHS patients to Alchemy Direct Media . Sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions – from skin problems to insomnia and migraines . Details of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring appear on the list of data for sale . A third investigation has been launched by General Pharmaceutical Council . The information was passed to the Mail by a whistleblower, who said it was 'madness' so much personal information was available .
Pryce, 62, has raised five children but admits to missing them when work commitments came calling . Greek-born economist has written a book about life in women's prisons .
Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows . The couple reportedly told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind because they could not afford him .
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill that would give the force of state law to some of brownback's policies . Tobacco recipients will no longer be allowed to use their debit cards when they register for state-based welfare . Kansans, like citizens of other states, are issued debit cards . Recipients will be limited, for the first time, to withdraw $25 in cash per day .
Driss Diaeddinn, 50, bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his three brothers on the ground floor of their Phoenix, Arizona home on Thursday afternoon . He then went upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, 26-year-old Meriem Ben Yahia, before taking his own life, police said . His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed, called 911 .
At 1,815ft the CN Tower is the third tallest tower in the world and hosts two million international visitors a year . Pulpit Rock, Forsand in Norway, has breathtaking views of a fjord, carved by glaciers, with more than 200,000 visitors . The square formation of rock is one of Norway’s top tourist draws .
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan bought rare purple Beanie Baby for £10 at boot sale in Bude, Cornwall . When they spotted teddy at another seller's stall, they found it was worth £62,500 . The pair, from Launceston, Cornwall, are now hoping to sell the bear on the auction site and put the money towards a deposit for a house .
13-year-old Stephanie wanted to send her father a message from space . She wrote to him in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake, that read 'Steph [hearts] you!' Hyundai made the earth drawing that has now broken a world record .
Paul sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions . 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he screamed . A liberal spokesman for American Bridge 21st Century, a liberal liberal liberal group, leaped on Paul after the broadcast . Paul's 'miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' Ben Ray told Daily Mail Online .
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars . He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified . Laing sent a letter to the parole board saying 'I am a high risk offender' He will walk free on May 15 despite his comments .
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are taking their Masterclass Of Wellness to CEOs and executives across Australia . The pair's workshop is called the 'Thelma and Louise of Wellness' It is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day . Set small sustainable habits: It's the small things you do that have the biggest impact .
Police raid mobile home of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona . They found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions . One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahue puppies . Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering from medical problems . The animals were taken over by Maricopa County Sheriff's Office on Wednesday . He was banned from keeping any animals until May 2015 after an animal hoarding case in 2011 .
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy . She said in one of her videos last November, 'I’ve lost tons of friends, tons. And it’s been hell. I go to school every day, and I get my lunch and I sit down alone'
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment . The mother-of-two was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder . She has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell . Her oncologist has recommended she try this new drug, called Keytruda, which works differently to chemotherapy .
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . The 13,000-square-foot property, which features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen across 13,000 square foot . Outside is a pool with a spa, sauna, outdoor barn, pond, tennis court and home theater .
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party . He posted photos of himself in a platinum wig and pink Dame Edna Everage-style glasses under the profile name of Michelle . Image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they failed to track him down . But officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months - but he went on run again in December last year upon his release .
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is being tipped to rival Kim Kardashian . The Miami-based Latina has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curviest curves . She says her photos are 100 per cent natural .
Leo Schofield, 79, moved to Hobart to set up a music festival in Tasmania . He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . 'I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said .
Clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state' Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court .
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . They are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS on Oxford Street last year . Anderson also denied possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism .
House Homeland Security panel Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire . The flight which was undetected until authorities saw the approach . However, Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt to draw attention to campaign finance reform . Hughes shot himself dead in front of the Capitol on Saturday .
Eight-year-old has been identified as Piper by NSW Central Coast police . She was in the car with her mother, Chantelle Boddy, and two brothers . It is believed their Astra spun out of control and ended up on the other side . Heavy rain also caused a two-car collision with a ute on Saturday evening . Seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage . Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to the Children's Hospital .
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013 . Despite the recent news, in a survey last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year . Overall, the United States generated 3.1 million jobs last year, the most since 1999 .
Todd Larson, 55, parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25 . Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am . Mr Larson said if he had stayed in the car and answered by son's message about picking him up, that piece of ice would have gone right through his chest . The FAA found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home .
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife in Portugal in January . He was arrested after the body of his wife, Brenda Davidson, 72, was found . At the time he claimed Mrs Davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . But after being shown evidence she was killed, he has now written a letter . Says he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets which they called 'babies' But he says he still believes she died during a bungled burglary .
The 76sq ft hideaway is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere . Buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house . A four-bedroom detached bungalow with a huge garden in the New Forest town of Holbury is also for sale for £350,000 .
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday . Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft . On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth .
A host of stars have been wearing the body jewellery, including FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga . The process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years . It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes . In Australia, Aboriginals used the septum ring to flatten their nose .
Money is paid to 5.2million workers in form of tax credits and other benefits . Total amount of benefits paid to staff exceeds what firms pay in corporation tax . The Living Wage - £9.15 an hour in London and £7.85 for rest of the UK - estimates this would reduce need for in-work benefits by £6.7bn a year .
Solomon Bygraves, 29, was jailed for 30 months after admitting robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats in central London . He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet and knocked Mr Evans to the ground . The pensioner was left lying in the . entrance to the flats for ten minutes after the attack .
Lib Dem leader wants appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video . Officials stressed that people would not be forced to use the service . They also stressed that it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks .
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, had only met earlier that night . They were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated . Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not dangerously low . Fire crews had to cut through the thick concrete walls at the Abacus art space .
New research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus . They send and receive signals to regulate appetite - and send chemical signals . In animals, the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside POMC cells aren't working .
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity . Another one of her posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded . Catholic teachers at Immaculata High School in Somerville have been reinstated, despite protests from conservatives and traditionalists .
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the October 12, 2012, death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston . Prosecutors say Hubers shot Poston six times inside his condominium in Highland Heights, Ohio . Hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her . But during an interview with police she was quoted as telling detectives she had given him 'the nose job he wanted'
The Duke of Kent, 79, injured himself while staying at the Queen's private residence in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, on Saturday . He was taken to hospital on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged today . Buckingham Palace said today that he had been 'successfully treated for a dislocated hip'
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, according to many reports . Stoll is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports . He was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he had a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach .
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received fine after taking their newborn out . In the process of getting out of the car the ticket fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden . Couple explained to authorities what had happened but were not let off fine . Row escalating from initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400 . Chichester Council insist they followed correct procedures and made 'appropriate decision'
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked . They boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the boat by asking for gas . The pirates cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days . Wasinger: 'I knew we had to comply with the pirates and not be heroes'
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old Phillip Pama, 28, on Thursday night . Pama works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time the situation escalated, his defence lawyer said . Mr Peters said his client grabbed his neighbour by the hand and hit out 'blindly' Pama was granted bail and the case is due to return to court on May 18 .
Drexel professor Lisa McElroy, 50, appeared on the game show in 2010 while it was still hosted Meredith Vieira . She allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students . Despite having used two lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000 .
Three men burst into the Esso filling station in Caterham, Surrey, last Wednesday . They were disturbed by staff who were looking for cash at the time . The men, both in their 20s, fled with a mobile phone from a member of staff . Police have released images of the raiders which they hope will assist them .
The 12-year-old boy was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it . The phone felt hot then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs . Hanghang, from Pingdingshan City, in the Henan province, didn't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance service himself . Experts believe there are three main reasons a phone may explode like this .
A three metre long crocodile has been caught devouring a lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory . Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the fresh water croc swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek . The incident comes just a month after the animal had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community .
Emanuel had to campaign furiously across the city to beat Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election . The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
A man whose car smashed into a Geelong house was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash . The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun . Baby girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries . Detectives from the Major Collision Investigation Unit are at the scene .
Cosmetologist Fredric Brandt killed himself on Easter Sunday . Suicide came weeks after launch of The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix . Friend claims he jovially pointed out character's resemblance to Dr Franff . Kyle White said: 'He was about putting on a happy face in public' For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samoa branch or click here for details .
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under canon law . Finn waited six months before notifying police about Reverand Shawn Ratigan . He was sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges .
Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, started car-crazy hobby four years ago . They made versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight trilogy and Ghostbusters car - or Ecto-1 . Have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike .
Villagers in small country hamlet of Cledford, near Middlewich, opposed the plans saying that travellers could 'intimidate' pensioners . But Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting . Mansion's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden .
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp became final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and those with disabilities . It was liberated in 1945 by British and Canadian troops, and burned to the ground as it was torched . Pictures taken by British Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who made it .
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430 pounds . durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer . Sandridge had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy to examine her digestive tract . She was then told cancer had been found in her stomach . Two years earlier her father has died of cancer - a rare form of the disease .
The family fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday . Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . Khloe, who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans, is North's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather .
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the rentals will entice families with young children . The Rent-a-farmhouse scheme was started in 2008 by Christine Weston, who says the scheme brought new life to her town of 280 people . 'Country life still appeals to many families, but it doesn’t always make financial sense for them,' she said .
Firefighters in Texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new recruit with a chorizo sausage . Five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Assistant Fire Chief William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board . They allegedly told the victim to delete the video and not to tell anyone, according to an arrest warrant .
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper . He was a mourner at the funeral of Lee Rigby in Woolwich, south east London . His ex-wife Jane said she was not surprised by his new relationship . 'He left me for a girl in the army Cadets and one was 20 years younger,' she said . Source said it was 'common knowledge they're dating' and 'we enjoy each other's company'
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed . The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain .
Eight-year-old Piper Kulk, 8, died in the head-on crash on Saturday . His brother William, 9, died in hospital on Sunday evening . Family had spent day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney at the weekend . A Gofundme page has been set up to cover the cost of their funerals .
Prime Minister will call the idea theCarlisle Principle - named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK . There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border .
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist . Older sister Gunta has made tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts . She described her sister as 'very beautiful' and spoke of her despair at lack of news .
With just 23 days to go the 2015 general election looks to be picking up the nickname of its own - the 'selfie election' Ed Miliband, Nigel Farage and Nick Clegg have been pictured posing with fans on the streets of Maidstone, Kent, and South Ockendon, Essex . Meanwhile, the Labour leader took charge of his own selfie shot at a hospital maternity ward in Keighley, Yorkshire .
A man stormed the runway at Ellery's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show on Sunday night . A neighbour of the Carriageworks venue made a very public complaint about the music . The man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard . He was overheard complaining that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
YouTube show Super Fan Builds created an almost-identical replica of the Iron Throne . It was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers . Once finished it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi and installed in the toilet of the bar he runs .
Online profile apparently matching 'shameless liar' found on Plenty of Fish . O'Clee duped his first wife Michelle into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a 'safe house' His first wife discovered his deception when she came across Facebook video of the pair completing ice bucket challenge .
The wills are among 41 million available to order online at the click of a button . Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen . Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax .
The road runs alongside the historic Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century . Cobbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before relabeling again . Council said reaction was 'overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users .
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, has genital herpes . In her essay for Women's Health Mag, Dawson says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak . Herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture and affects at least one in six Americans .
Post Office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012 . Follows complaints from dozens of subpostmasters accused of theft, fraud . Independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures . Also accused the Post Office of failing ‘in many cases’ to identify ‘the root cause of shortfalls’ before starting civil or criminal proceedings .
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Clinton announced her presidential bid . The two-year-old has better connections to the U.S. than Clinton, 67 . He insists that 2016 is his year to shine .
The case involves a man from central Queensland charged with torture . The 32-year-old is due to appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday . While in hospital the victim claimed to be suffering from amnesia . Police say the incident took place between March 20 and March 27 . Initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the man's car . However, after observing his injuries at the hospital, police started their own investigation .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne . In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States . He hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by June 30 deadline . These include nuclear-related U.N. resolutions as well as U.S. and EU sanctions . A senior Israeli defense official said Iran could still obtain a nuclear weapon if sanctions were lifted
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences . Accused of obtaining criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception . Some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs as a result of being prosecuted in the UK, a jury is told .
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy, New Jersey . But he was sent two batches of letters this week . Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police critics say the letters set a dangerous precedent .
Erica Kinsman has filed a civil lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston, claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft . Former FSU quarterback and Heisman winner Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 .
Researchers examined reaction of teachers in the United States to student race . Found teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those who were white . They say this may go some way towards explaining why black children are disciplined more at schools .
Joy Webb, 17, told Daily Mail Online that she asked her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain to prom because he never got to attend his own prom . Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korean War .
Dominique Granier sparked outrage after he suggested a service for Roma . But bus company TAM has outsourced part of the route to 'outsource' the smell . Some have claimed the odour is a health risk to those living in Montpellier camp .
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air . When he reaches her on the floor, he eventually steps back down to four paws .
Eric Lee Gates and Chalena Mae Moody had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . Moody and her father were living as a couple before moving to Klamath Falls and have two children under two years of age . In March, Moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars .
BBC filled more than half its election TV debate audience with left-leaning voters . 58 of the 200-strong audience were Conservative or Ukip supporters . The rest of the audience - 40 - described themselves undecided .
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain . It took 15 firefighters, paramedics and police an hour to lift the 160kg man out of the hole .
Girl is shown firing machine gun at Daesh, the Arabic name for ISIS . The little girl boasts she has killed 400 of the Islamic militants so far . Video was posted in January but has only recently emerged online . ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions .
2-year-old bulldog from Iowa named Tank won the 36th annual Drake Relays contest Sunday . Tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's tournament .
It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year . States such as California and South Carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters . places such such as Washington, Oregon, New York, New Jersey and Florida need more pets to satisfy demand . To solve the location conundrum, pilots fire up their engines .
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives claim they saw a 'low-flying jumbo jet' on March 8 last year . The flight disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board . Acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded at assumed time of crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft . Locals claim they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing plane .
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was often seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter . When asked about the sex offender notification he claimed that he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's teenage daughter . Police say he did everything he could to win the confidence of his parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park . He is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls .
A mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at Adelaide train station on Saturday night . A group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . She said she spent three hours at the hospital with Jaidyn and urged for any witnesses into the incident to come forward .
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for major service and MOT . But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin . Dashcam recorded seven hours of footage including footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone . It also showed the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car .
434,775 people waited longer than four hours in first three months of the year . This is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets . More than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time . It is the worst on record since 2004 - just 353,000 in 2009/10 .
Julie Creffield, 37, from Stratford in East London, didn't stop her from running . She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races since . Now through her website, she's encouraging women to take up running - regardless of their size and ability .
Queen Queen waved to crowds from balcony at Amalienborg Palace . Joined by her 80-year-old husband Prince Henrik who is suffering from flu . Despite being without Prince henrik, appearance proved a cheerful affair .
Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment across 12 NSW universities . University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students ordered 40 assignments from the website after an investigation by Fairfax Media . But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating . 'substantially more than the reported five students' are currently under investigation .
Charity Bite-Back raided The Royal China Club in central London . It boasted of selling soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth . 20kg of shark fin can be brought into this country if it is for personal consumption . Charity workers say they are either disguising soup or offering it to Mandarin speaking patrons if they ask .
Peter Mutty was found with beer, red wine and box of white wine in his car . He was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes for possession of alcohol in Saudi Arabia . The 57-year-old was released on March 19 after serving time according to Islamic calendar . Mutty says he received little help from the Australian embassy, who made contact late in the piece .
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning . He was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal of himself on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, sources say . Dr Brandt, 65, had a striking resemblance to Dr Franff, a character on Tina Fey's Netflix show, which apparently parodied him for 'bullying' Richmond is an executive producer and the music composer on the show .
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs . The couple claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since they started breeding dogs in 2002 . A jury ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians, ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days .
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from housing association tenants . Eight years ago she and her husband bought a housing association property now worth almost £1million .
Labour leader approached BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene directly . He wanted to delay the show's broadcast because he thought working class voters would stay home . Mr Wilson was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister . The BBC is releasing an interview recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former PM .
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad . He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS . Both came from the same Tikriti tribal background, helped to lead his 1968 bloodless coup .
Gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives . He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed . Doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming victim of xenophobic attack himself .
Firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending . Also forced to pay compensation to customers sent fake legal letters . Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100m last year to a total of £217.2m . Chairman Andy Haste says that the firm might ditch its controversial brand .
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS . It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit . The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size . Powerful pulses from the laser would push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up .
Almost a third of 16-to-34 have deleted accounts because they no longer see it as ‘cool’ Comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures . Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account .
Only 15% of students say they plan to vote Green, down from 28 per cent in February . Natalie Bennett's proportion has doubled since September to 24 per cent . Labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband . YouthSight interviewed 1,000 undergraduates across the UK for its surveys .
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' The 46-year-old didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility .
Prime Minister says Labour and SNP are ‘really on the same side’ SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5 per cent of Commons divisions . SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 65 on the economy .
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to Ashley King, 23, paving the way for a Burger-King wedding . The pair went through high school together but didn't start dating until they were about to enter college . They are planning to serve drinks in personalized Burger King cups .
The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form . His commentary was measured and often funny, and his one-liners were perfectly timed . Benaud: 'My mantra is - put your brain into gear and if you can add to what's on the screen then do it, otherwise shut up'
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely' Oxford academic Stephen Fisher said there was a high chance Labour would form either a minority or coalition with the help of SNP, Liberal Democrats, Greens or other minor parties . A 'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of votes .
Dishes that contain 'shocking' amounts of sugar are being promoted by the Government's flagship anti-obesity initiative . Change4Life is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving – about seven teaspoons' worth .
Jannik Andersen, a student at University of Colorado, was attending music festival . He was hit by train in Indio, four miles north-east of Coachella's grounds . Student was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said . It is unclear why he was on tracks at music festival instead of concert . On Monday, Mac DeMarco took to Twitter to pay tribute to 'happy' fan .
Twins Kendall and Baylee have very different skin tones thanks to rare quirk of genetics . The twins' contrasting looks can be traced back to their parents . They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm . This means they have inherited a mix of black and white genes . It is possible that one sister has black skin and the other is white . Parents say it is hard to believe they are related, though it is still highly unlikely .
Plane skid along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop in Derby . Left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating . Plane suffered significant damage to left wing and engine as it slid along runway in darkness .
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year . The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide with no means to escape for 12 months . Adventurer will run 14,000 miles (22,500km) and row 21,000 miles (34,000km) Mr Bellini is seeking funding for his project, called Adrift, which will begin in November 2016 . But he will have to deal with intense psychological tests as he copes alone .
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit . His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down . Linville was an explosives expert serving in Afghanistan in 2011 when he went to investigate an explosion that wounded his colleague .
Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood went head-to-head . As debate raged, Cameron was 66 miles from the action at home in Oxfordshire .
The pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster . More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago . It was supposed to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction .
Waheed Ahmed was arrested at Birmingham Airport on April 1 . He is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, who landed in the UK . Six people arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences released without charge . Waheed was deported and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers .
The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items . The one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature in a bill that GOP Gov. Sam Brownback planned to sign Thursday appears to be the most exhaustive . To qualify, a family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $25,000 .
A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim's 352-page selfie book sold out in less than a minute after going on sale on Gilt.com . The super-anticipated selfie book will retail for $60 per book . Kim took to Twitter to thank her fans for their support, saying: 'Kim is Crazy.'
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer . The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . They determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age .
Carlos Boente began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013 . He originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour . Then he bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life . In January last year he made numerous abusive calls and sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle before boasting on Facebook the gang were his 'soldiers'
Danielle Davies, 21, insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . She gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour . He was thought to be too large for the scales int he maternity ward . Midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice .
Oratilwe Hlongwane, from Johannesburg, South Africa, still learning to put together words but is already able to select and play music from a laptop . His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music . The two-year-old, who still wears nappies and does not yet go to school, has become a worldwide phenomenon .
Former deputy PM insists he has 'a lot to offer this country' Comes after Supreme Court backs 'black spider' memos . The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005 .
Michelle, 27, unveiled as face of No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range . Shows off summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery . Says she cleanses, tones and moisturise every other week .
Elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother Mae Yui while the pair flap their ears and cares them with their trunks . Females stick together in herds until they die, sharing incredibly strong bonds . Me-Bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle .
Reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by 60 per cent since 2011 . Number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse . South Yorkshire has seen a 577 per cent increase over the last five years .
Ed Miliband's strategy of attacking Tories for trying to 'privatise' the NHS backfired . Caron Wyn Jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend . He paid because Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough .
Angelina Santini filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . Four years on, videos show that the youngster has swapped his passion for bouncing with playing the guitar .
Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by thousands . But it revealed previously undocumented floor designs - which could point to where the Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . Jewish tradition says the carpet is buried in the same cave as the Indiana Jones film . Israel's housing minister urges a halt to the construction of the new site .
Aaron Hernandez's fiancée Shayanna Jenkins sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday . The jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder on Wednesday, sending the ex-NFL star to prison for life with no chance of release . Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed on June 17, 2013 .
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida . Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies .
Rhodri Giggs, 37, found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance . Former player-manager handed over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences .
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia .
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's televised debate between Democratic candidates . The former Philadelphia District Attorney was heard 'slowing' on the floor as a Senator Anthony Williams answered a question . A doctor evaluated her backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights . Abraham joked to reporters after the fall and said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign .
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a Christian commune on New Zealand's west coast in March 2013 . He and his family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan . The Overcomers have lived outside the commune for two years, sharing photographs of their time with Daily Mail Australia . They were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by New Zealand churches .
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans . His lawyers say he wants to go to LA as soon as possible to face a murder charge there . FBI agents searched his hotel room without a search warrant and before his arrest . The indictment puts the case before a Criminal District Court judge, rather than the magistrate .
Hulk Hogan's ex-wife Linda purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced WWE Hall of Famer in 2009 . Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community . After buying the property, Linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls, stone fireplaces, carved wood details and coffered ceilings .
Two senior advisers said Clinton will argue that voters have a similar choice in 2016 . President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president' Clinton will launch her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday with an online video .
Alex Impey, a father-of-two, says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness . His daughter Larisa suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy . Within two days she was having up to 60 uncontrollable seizures - some lasting more than an hour - and considered brain surgery . Her parents Jaylen Siery and Peter Rule have been taught how to grow their own marijuana . They say their daughter's ailments, such as epileptic seizures,
A recent cyber-attack on the State Department was reportedly carried out by high-level Russian hackers working for Vladimir Putin's government . The hackers accessed Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive to the general public . A six-month investigation reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin . White House deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said last year's cyber intrusions did not affect classified information .
Marathon season is in full swing with the London Marathon set to take place a week on Sunday . But what trainers should you go for? Femail writer Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost shoes . Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow .
Gareth Edwards revealed a few details about Rogue One, the first of the standalone Star Wars films, at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California . The iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans' Disney's share price rocketed with more than $US2 billion added to the company's value .
Collection of artefacts from India's immense palace estate will go on sale at Bonhams this month . The items include the Tiger of Mysore's personal sporting gun, a four-foot-long rifle made by his own armoury, tipped to make £150,000 alone . It was given as a present to Lord Cornwallis, the Governor General of India, after the fall of Tipu .
Couple, in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment . Screams were heard during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in San Martino . Long-suffering neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' But the Italian couple appealed the sentence and have been fined £9,000 .
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project . Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing familiar objects in random areas . The image was taken as part of the US' first mission to put humans in space .
Melanie Buck became frustrated because aisles were gridlocked by shoppers . 60-year-old fell to the floor in the M&S aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist . On Christmas Day his condition worsened after he suffered a heart attack . He was taken into intensive care and put on a life-support machine . Two months later, the decision was taken to turn off the machine and he died .
4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upholds lower court ruling . Lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children . Claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity .
Saudi-born imam Abdul Hadi Arwani shot dead in London two weeks ago . Man, 36, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and a 35-year-old man . A Jamaican businessman has already been charged with his murder . The father of six was an imam at a controversial mosque in west London .
Sisters Sheree and Sophie Morgan agreed to let their accounts be used to accept thousands of pounds . They were contacted by a fraudster pretending to be a policeman . He urged elderly couple to transfer money into accounts for their own security . Couple conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by fraudster posing as a cop . The couple claimed they were about to fall victim to Eastern European crime gang .
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer . She is taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments .
Cat meat is illegal but police officers and lawyers are among Vietnam's biggest customers . The meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from the street and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from China and Laos . Truck driver was fined £250 (7.5 million Dong) for ssuggling the cats - and the rest were crushed to death during the journey .
Violet Pietrok, from Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes . She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye .
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent . The fort is located 2km out at sea, so guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat . Venues say it is three times the size of Spitbank Fort and boasts its own lighthouse with spectacular views . Guests can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events, and have a rooftop hot tub .
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent . The law's future is still up in the air, and will turn on factors ranging from an upcoming Supreme Court decision on consumer subsidies .
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 have at least one child . But only 42 per cent charge their children rent - with many admitting they feel too guilty . 80% still buy their adult child’s groceries and cook dinner for them . Average salary of a grown-up child living at home is £26,000 each month .
The T-shirts feature slogans such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' They are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle, Look Human and North Shore Shirts . Suzy Lamplugh Trust said common slogans seem harmless but prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at a higher risk of being attacked .
The whales were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato, north-east of Tokyo . The fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 . Experts dismissed claims as 'unscientific' and say their study could help improve short-term seismic forecasting .
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his son Max, 3, and daughter Story, 2, in his front yard last week . The father, who works as a florist arranging intricate flower displays, says he doesn't want to turn the castle into something 'stupid' City code officials have told him to take the fort down for a maximum of 14 days, the maximum before a fine . 'We're going to enjoy it and take it down when we need to,' said the letter
The fight broke out about 2.40am Saturday in downtown Orlando . Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was arrested covered in blood . She has been charged with disorderly conduct .
New research shows that the average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin . Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes . They increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degragragrad, 47, at their home in July 2014 . Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison . In 1995, Tony was convicted of murder, two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun .
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut deficit every year if Labour wins election . Warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity' He will claim 'not one policy' in Labour manifesto would be funded through extra government borrowing . Labour's manifesto contains commitment on its first page to a ‘Budget Responsibility Lock’
Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks . The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . It is 23 times more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat .
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' previous relationships . The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car, court heard . They were arrested on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini .
Gavin Munro grows trees into plastic moulds, pruning and guiding them into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints . He's already created a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year .
The group are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011 . In contrast to the neatly tended Magna Carta memorial nearby, a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the squatters’ camp . A Mail on Sunday reporter witnessed one anarchist openly smoking cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child .
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . Incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing £40million . Students at LSE were seen evacuating the library and have been told to 'stay clear' of the area .
Rochelle Coulson, 21, suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity - which leaves her so tired that she falls asleep unexpectedly . She put on 13st in four years by eating through 'boredom' but hasn't worked for five years . Pressure group the Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefits system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work .
Michelle Woods and her daughter Elisha Mann found a four-foot snake in the bath . The four foot red and orange corn snake was slithering around in the bathroom . Mrs Woods, from Norton, Teesside, believes it may belong to previous tenant . She called the RSPCA, who were unable to help, so in desperation posted appeal . Within an hour, a local woman had identified the reptile as a corn snake .
Exat Lisa Webb, 34, was sent to school in France by her husband in 2009 . Children were given 20 minutes to eat what their parents had packed for them . Lisa saw children plugging their noses and asking for seconds . She is the author of a blog called Canadian Expat Mom .
Celebrities including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate for Good Morning Britain's initiative . According to a survey conducted by ITV breakfast show, women take an average of six selfies before posting one online . Men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media . Ms Gibson said: 'I’ve not gone for so many opportunities because I have had such low self-esteem at the time'
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of killing Gonzalo Ramirez, 24, in 1995 . His blindfolded, bloodied body was found lying on the side of a California road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver . Prosecutors say Van acted in revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza, 24 . Van's lawyer says his client had no knowledge of the plan of the crime and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on
Unlucky man fell over in front of the animal in Teulada, a coastal town . He tried to climb back up, but the angry animal appeared to hit him with one horn . Incident took place during the town's annual fiesta, which includes floatillas .
One in five families use technology to deal with bored kids . Another 70% give their kids treats to sweeten the ride . Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique . The over counter drug Phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies . Warnings about the use of the drugs have been around since 2006 .
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists called Life Paint . The spray is invisible in daylight but in the dark it reflects light in the same direction as the light source to illuminate the objects it has been sprayed on . Trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days .
A family on New York's Long Island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend, when their Frosty melted in 70-degree temperatures . Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall . The family started a Facebook page last week asking for 'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive .
The 42-year-old actress will live off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks .
A singing trio of dogs took their positions in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina . A brown and white Springer Spaniel called Sadie began barking and interacting with Sky . After the Tiger joins it, the Springer begins howling itself and follows the lead . The dogs stop howling and look at him in surprise .
Suge Knight will stand trial for murder and attempted-murder charges, a judge ruled on Thursday . Knight struck two men with his truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other . Cle 'Bone' Sloan was hit outside a Compton burger stand in Los Angeles county . He testified on Monday that he attacked Knight but said he didn't want to be a 'snitch' Prosecutors contend that Knight intentionally hit the men, killing Terry Carter, 55 .
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map . It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . And the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe .
The Rich Kids of Instagram blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities . Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach . 'Keep watching and enjoying. There is more to come,' says 25-year-old Andreas Arnhoff from Norway .
A flight from Seattle to Los Angeles has returned to Seattle after a worker fell asleep in the cargo hold before take-off . The worker, an employee of Menzies Aviation, walked off and appeared well but was taken to a hospital as a precaution . After the plane landed a ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold .
International Monetary Fund predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year . But for next year it is cut from 2.4 per cent to 2.3 per cent, it predicts . Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero per cent . Low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the UK .
Chancellor challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where next Tory government would find the extra £8billion it has promised the NHS . During tense exchanges with BBC’s Andrew Marr, Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for . Mr Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy, but declined to go into further detail .
Co-authors Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin are 'confident' about changes to the book . The book was supposed to be released last Month but was dumped by Pan Macmillan . It was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth . Evans is famous for his role as a judge on My Kitchen Rules alongside Manu Fieldel .
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault . Incident said to have taken place at military barracks where Canada's Atlantic Fleet are based . The four British sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday .
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he discovered a three-foot California king snake hiding inside . He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting the police . His 73-year-old sister Margaret, who has a phobia of snakes, became distressed when she heard about the incident and needed to go to hospital with heart problems .
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim . He blames IS, police and her school for letting her flee the country last December .
Judy Murray said she would be a 'very active granny' in the same way she coached sons . Tennis coach helped propel Andy, 27, and his brother, Jamie, 29, to sporting success - he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first . Words come only a few days after she wed at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday .
The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C recorded at St James's Park in London . Meanwhile the Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year in its long-range forecast . Winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England .
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort, where both vessels were built . The new Hermione has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros ($27 million) to build . It will head for Yorktown, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the British .
Shay Mitchell's A Lady in London is the mastermind behind both her namesake travel blog and the travel blog . Sylvia Matzkowiak is a German photographer who goes by Goldie Berlin, capturing locations as varied as South Africa .
Video apparently filmed by a supporter at Green Man pub in Wembley . Appears to show a homophobic chant – sang along to Lily Allen song Smile . Video has since been deleted from Twitter .
Hobart International Airport website was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group . Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement . The message reads: 'Islamic State Lists to restore the rights of Muslims who have been killed by your governments'
Mistakes were made by medics at former Sharoe Green Hospital in Preston . When Paula McKay became pregnant with second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . But the promise was an empty one when Patrick was delivered at same hospital . Same mistakes left her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister . Ms McKey has won a £7 million care package for her son's lifelong care .
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem recorded the octopuse's movement . They found the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . The thrust comes from its symmetrical arrangement, which helps to give the marine creatures their extraordinary maneuverability .
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam . Once crowd had gathered, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses . Boko Haram's six-year insurgency in Nigeria has killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds .
In the third part of our Good Health series on dementia we look at ways to minimise the impact of these memory problems . During deep sleep, brain waves move memories from the hippocampus - the area that is involved in short-term memory - to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain . Short-term memories get overwritten with new ones and we need just as much . One of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . This becomes harder to fall asleep at night and more likely you'll wake up earlier than desired .
Tani Watts is likely to see her at Anje Galsworthy's funeral today . She said: 'I'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that I'm not going to see she' Becky vanished from her father's family home in Crown Hill, Bristol, on February 19 sparking a huge search operation . Her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for the teenager's murder . Ms Watts said her daughter made her feel alive and everyone loved her .
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee for the past 70 years . He is still regarded as second class citizen in India's only Muslim-majority state . Forced to give the West Pakistan Refugees right to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are caught in abject poverty . Ram says: 'If something can be done, maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life'
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while out jogging in August 2013 . He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in Oklahoma on a college baseball scholarship when Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him . Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming only a 'miracle' would have saved Lane . Prosecutors said 104 bullets were found in the car involved in the drive-by shooting .
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, and Karen Branigan, 29, found doppelgängers . The retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, and former head teacher John Jemison, 74, had been living just an hour apart in Ireland . Just last month, the pair came face-to-face with the same coach at a Friends of Braintree Museum visit to the Magna Carta Museum . They 'hit it off immediately' and are now friends, with two retired men in London and one in London .
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet suffered a 'serious hallucinogenic episode' after eating the unidentified drugs . Four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating them . But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, lost 160lbs over the course of 20 months . He admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, including trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day, but not until an obese friend unveiled a svelte silhouette .
Lib Dem leader reveals he struggled with maths when he was at school . He will use tomorrow's manifesto to promise a 'stronger economy and fairer society' Mr Clegg has promised to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction . cuts to benefits and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises .
The dashing Shadow Business Secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson . The programme for the dinner was littered with errors and even misspelt Umunna’s name . Bizarrely, Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein, who won the first X Factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than Blair’s popularity .
Cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the wall after she collided with a 38-year-old Canadian woman . The woman's family told Chinese media that the Canadian tourist was running down steep steps on the wall . Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death .
Many abandoned horses, ponies and donkeys are being left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them . Animal welfare charities, meanwhile, are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless in the wake of the hundreds of calls they receive every month .
Naomi Jacobs woke up one morning thinking she was a teenager in 2008 . She had Transient Global Amnesia, a memory loss brought on by stress . Condition wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory from 17 years of her life .
The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises . Latest aerial images show intense Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China Sea .
Sarah, 23, was devastated when the man she's known as her father for 23 years is not her biological parent . She appeared on today's Jeremy Kyle Show to have a DNA test on her . The results were revealed after she was told one of three men could be her father . Phil, who has raised Sarah, may not be related to her last year . He put a roof over her head, he will 'still be like father to me'
The actor's aftershave, Eau Sauvage, contained a potent chemical . It activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering release of sex hormones in women . Study found that Hedione creates 'sex-specific activation patterns' in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain .
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed collection of ancient pieces up to 3,500 years old . Novelist, who died in 2014 aged 90, adored historic jewellery despite its great age . The collection will go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London .
Nick Woodman is set to be named the highest-paid CEO of 2014 at the tender age of 39 . He was granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year . It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index . Chenerie Energy's chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million .
Family spotted riding on one motorbike through the city of San Miguel de Tucuman . Three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl sat on seat . It comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven .
Justin Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, have been arrested and charged in the robbery-murder of University of Kentucky junior Jonathan Krueger . Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence, and Diaz is charged with making a false report of murder . The coroner's office said Kruer died of a gunshot wound to the chest and he was photo editor for the UK campus newspaper, the Kentucky Kernel . He was shot dead at around 2 a.m Friday .
Image was captured in Kanagawa prefecture - 'nearby some samurai tombs' Reddit user insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and paranormal forces at work . 'I'm not saying it's anything - just that it looks an awful lot like disembodied boots and legs...'
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart . They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child was born followed by their daughter Ero . The Roys then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral . Women say they are shocked but thankful after people said the catalogue of images were an 'inspiration'
Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza, closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana . A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours.com has 25 hotels on board . It allows users to book stays of three, six and 12 hours in London . The company's objective is to acquire more hotels in London in the next few months, and then work in other cities such as Berlin and Paris .
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box at a bus stop . He was born in Poland, has a driver's licence and a social security number . As they searched his home they found a bank account with money to buy his house . They then found that his bank account had been stolen and he had a licence . Then they dug further into his home and discovered that he is now looking for permanent accommodation .
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, fell asleep during rape trial of John Quingley . Jury was out of room but he was confronted with claim he slept through cross-examination of witness . Incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in trial which was expected to last five days . Cost of abandoned trial and retrial is believed to have cost the taxpayer £100,000 . Quengley, 49, was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years .
Alice Dreger tweeted about the lesson at East Lansing High School, Michigan . The author became outraged by the 'ineffective' information given to students . She claims she was sent 45 tweets during the lesson which went viral .
Michelle Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday . She refuses to be considered a victim and said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above all that' She was signing copies of her memoir Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a life Reclaimed, after the event, when she revealed that she has a boyfriend . Knight said she feels comfortable sharing her story because it gives others 'the same courage, hope and faith that I had'
According to Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, several theories suggest where you are in your family determines who you are . The personality traits are supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were . Middle-born children tend to be more co-operative, flexible and sociable . They are also birth order that are able to make and maintain friendships easily .
A cloud resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Xiangtan city in Hunan Province last week . Cloud appeared to mimic the global symbol for wifi . Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times .
A barn owl and a kestrel were caught on camera fighting in a nesting box in Thixendale, North Yorkshire . The two birds of prey tried to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety . Despite the kefir's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor, forcing the birds to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate .
10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) Study looks at whether condition affects brain development in childhood . Link appeared to be due to lack of nutrition in early pregnancy, especially in first five weeks, rather than medication, say researchers .
Kyli Wolfson, 29, was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain when she woke up in October 2012 suffering from chronic pancreatitis . The self-confessed 'food person' was suffering from a mild pancreatic problem which would 'resolve itself' in a matter of days . She was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancarias, which affects less than .01 per cent of people . After her diagnosis she had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals .
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing the Harlem tattoo parlor Black Ink . Barner says she visited New York last year and decided to stop by the parlor to get a new tattoo to cover up a unicorn and horseshoe piece she got when she was 18 . The next day she noticed that the chest tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast .
Five people were killed instantly in the crash in Fort Worth, Texas . Veronica 'Roni' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . The pair were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles . Two young children travelling with them survived .
Cougar found by workers in the crawl space at noon on Monday . Attempts to get lion to move out have been unsuccessful . Ten hours later - despite animal welfare officers using a prod - the big cat was still refusing to move .
Diane James was the Ukip MEP in the Eastleigh by-election . She told LBC radio: 'I admire him from the point of view that he’s standing up for his country. He is very nationalist'
About 68,800 people serve in the command, including 3,000 civilians . The main survey went to about 18,000 people who are in positions closed to women, and the response was about 50 percent . In the past, the military acknowledged that women will not be able to fill every combat role .
Netflix natural history series 'Planet Earth' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there, the project's British producers said . The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally .
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks . The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world . Some show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues of a lion, a camel and a horse .
Over the past week thousands of silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio . Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides . Local rowing coach Alexandre Fernandez said: 'I have to come train but these dead fish bother us because the smell is very strong'
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana . That's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts .
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable in Iran . Young represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30 .
Andrés Iniesta's vineyard can be rented out for €125 (£90) a night . The midfielder took to Twitter to advise that the vineyard is near . There is a kitchen, outdoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided .
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window . He can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under the counter . Owner has trained him to open the shop in west Tokyo, near Musashi-Koganei metro station .
Michelle, 27, unveils summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals . Says her ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and taking make-up off . Michelle is getting married to fiance Mark Wright in Coronation Street .
A young woman was abused by a boss at Bega Cheese in NSW . For years she kept what Van Ryn did to her, but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . The businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . Victim says she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted .
The images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft . As the comet gets closer to the sun, its surface gets warmer, causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface, carrying dust particles . It’s not clear if the jet caused the jet - or an explosion of material caused by ice sublimating (turning from solid to gas) underground . In the second image, a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side, hurling dust into space at 26ft .
Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps . The pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees - as a result, he was forced to crawl around on his joints . Thanks to more than $3,000 in public donations, the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed .
Street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism . Last month, the New York Times' Amy Chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group, which goes by the name of 'HRC Super Volunteers' Clinton's supporters said it does not want applied to their candidate include 'polarizing, calculating, disingenuous, insincere, ambitious, inevitable, entitled, and 'over confident'
Milwaukee police say the driver of a van struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van on Sunday evening . While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15 year old dead . It's not clear what connection to the incident was, but a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death .
At the time of writing, more than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since the California firm launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool's Day . It is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it . This colour represents the time period at which they clicked the Button, ranging from zero up to 60 seconds . The last colour is red, and this is only awarded to those who cannot resist clicking the 'flair'
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal for permanent display at the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday . Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony . The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in . a ceremonial B-25 flight . Last month, . Staff Sgt David Thatcher, 93, came from Montana, and said the medal was for all 80 .
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, now has a job as a welder and is employed by his community . The ex-con had told a Lake County judge earlier this year that he had attempted to rob a local Chase bank so he could get placed back in custody . He had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding his job on his release . Judge Clarence Murray decided Potchen would plead guilty only if he got the maximum eight years for the recent theft and was
Helen Flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a midi dress, confirms that there are distinctive camps when it comes to maternity style . The 24-year-old Coronation street actress is a prime example of a celebrity who has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant . Danielle Lloyd, 31, another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child in 2013 .
Robert Bates, 73, accidentally pulled out his service weapon at the scene . Eric Harris, 44, was being restrained by undercover officers in Tulsa, Oklahoma . He was shot dead after officers 'observed him reaching for his waistband area' Officers said Harris had met undercover officer to sell a 9mm semi-automatic pistol .
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired 15 years ago . His body was found by sniffer dogs in picturesque hamlet last week . An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder . Alleged killer was living rough in area and thought to have been behind thefts .
Group sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on Jet2 flight . Witnesses said the group drank heavily and abused fellow passengers . Cabin crew called to escort one of the party, a man in his thirties, off aircraft . All passengers had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on runway .
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside . The 31-year-old was transferred to solitary confinement a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell, sources said . He was jailed for life in 2012 after murdering police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in an infamous bar fight . Cregan has apparently stopped eating and is hoping to be transferred
Anna Broom, 33, has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since the age of 19 . She wants a church ceremony, designer dress, horse and carriage and champagne . Wants the taxpayer to stump up £2,000 for her honeymoon, paid for by the taxpayer .
Four-legged surfers take to the waves off the coast of Queensland, Australia . Owners Zane Jones, 26, trained Indi to lift her paw to 'hang five' The dogs haven't won a competition yet, but owners hope to top their best result to date - a runners-up medal for Indi and Noosa Festival of Surfing .
Russian truck flies past a cyclist on the outskirts of St Petersberg . Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered two fractures to his legs and a pelvic area . The truck's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres . Video has prompted Russia's cycling community to demand safe areas to ride .
The average pet spends 21 hours a week watching TV, according to a study . Two-thirds of goldfish owners, 63 per cent, put the TV in their box . And one per cent of dogs are glued to the TV for 10 hours every day .
James May suggested Top Gear viewers who sent death threats to Perkins should 'kill themselves' Perkins became favourite to replace ousted Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets . The Great British Bake Off host was said to be the front-runner for the job . Dermot O'Leary second favourite at 2-1, followed by Philip Glenister .
By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese . Children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight . Add that they kill bugs in the gut that would normally feed on some of the food eaten . This frees up more food for the body, leading to an increase in appetite .
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has gone on the market for just £703,400 according to estate agents . The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land . Despite being in the middle of a valley, the castle with its turrets and defensive wall is only 15 minutes from the airport . As befitting a luxury property, it features its very own swimming pool and has fortified stone walls and entrance .
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the US Capitol on Wednesday . Doug Hughes was put under arrest for his stunt on Wednesday, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way . Johnson said: 'I want to know all the facts before I reach an assessment of what can and should be done about . 'This is not a government program, it's a democracy,' Johnson said .
Around 50 pupils at Jianxin Primary School are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight . The 'Kung Fu Panda' classes are named after a film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung fu master . Headteacher wants to tackle the issue of obesity to stop children developing health problems in later life, and becoming socially isolated .
Future king became most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee . He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, like he did when son, Prince George, was born in 2013 . Second in line to the throne will be working throughout April in three sites – Cambridge, Norwich and Gloucestershire Airport .
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . Daily Mail Online calculated that one of the products - not included in the investigation - contains more calories, fat and sodium than a Snickers bar . KIND is the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the U.S. with sales topping $100 million .
Intruder arrested after climbing into grounds of President's home at 10.25pm . He was in custody in Washington DC and charges are pending, says Secret Service . Last year, a knife-wielding man managed to get into the building via unlocked door .
Users of subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, hurled false accusations at spectators . Accusations led to Sunil Tripathi, 22, who was wrongly identified as bomber . Now, Chris Ryves, moderator of thread, has told of regrets in new documentary . He says he nearly became 'its own beast' in wake of April 15 blasts in Boston . Documentary, which will be released on iTunes on Monday, will examine events .
Labour has predicted that austerity would see unemployment and crime soar . But, in each case, the opposite has happened - and Miliband was challenged . He replied: 'I don't think that's a judgment that people are going to make' But the Labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by Evan Davis .
The BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of Top Gear . But the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . They will not feature any Top Gear branding, show footage from the programmes or feature The Stig . Clarkson is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage, with the next show taking place in Belfast in May .
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and four children caught on CCTV . They were spotted boarding a ferry from Dover to Syria earlier this month . Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, in a bid to flee . But Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara . Family, of six, were not reported missing by their relatives until 8 days later .
Augmented Vision goggles are designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features . Goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks . An icon is shown on a smartphone-linked display when the wearer receives a text message and the message can be read out by the car . It calls them a ‘revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety’ It will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that
Mancunian created the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination 16 years ago . It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . The 32-year-old said: 'With enough nice trifle stuff that we keeping eating'
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property . The pair bought the luxury breakfast in Jimena de la Frontera, southern Spain, in 2008 . They said they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner .
Robert F Kennedy Jr spoke out against a proposed bill in California which would make childhood immunizations mandatory . The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and rise in autism among American children . 'They get the shot, that night they have a fever of a hundred and three, they go to sleep, and three months later their brain is gone,' said Kennedy . Senate Bill 277 is scheduled to have its first hearing Wednesday in front of the Senate Health Committee .
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said in a speech on Wednesday that if North Korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program, it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world . The North frequently rails at the United States, the South's biggest ally, accusing it of preparing for imminent invasion by taking issue with them . 'Otherwise, next time he could face a bigger mishap than getting cut in the cheek by a South Korean citizen,' it said . Lipper
Kym Ackerman went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona on March 25 . The 32-year-old spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . Although the dentist was substantially less excited and 'started looking at my teeth', she has vowed to keep her mouth and especially that holy molar, healthy .
Number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction . Yet many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says the study by charity Allergy UK . Latest figures show admissions for allergies increased by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014 .
Tom Moffatt, 27, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son . But instead of 'L', he started needling 'P' and had to 'scribble' over mistake . Also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sony Boy' But instead he spelled his son's name across his knuckles with £70 ink gun .
Spain's Queen Letizia visited science museum CosmoCaixa in Barcelona . The mother-of-two paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers . She was attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases .
Demetri Nelson, 27, 'broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and told her to get into the trunk of the car' Nelson was unable to drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape, authorities said . Before he was apprehended, the Sumter County Sheriff's Office wrote on Facebook that he should be considered armed and dangerous .
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry . Ex-wife Ayse Giray sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality . The two were married just two years in the 1990s .
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year . When Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital . Once the family posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs . More than 1,000 people have donated Easter eggs - some from Ireland and Scotland .
Sally Jones, 45, fled UK with 10-year-old son to wage jihad in Raqqa, Syria . Mother-of-two is believed to have been filmed leading brigade of terror group . Experts say it is the first 'real evidence' that Jones is involved in the group at 'high level' She is thought to have led female militia as they march single-file along dusty road . Three-minute footage also shows some fighters firing guns in quick succession .
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants linked to a Philadelphia man last month . She was matched with a man who had barred her from receiving a deceased donor's organ since her age . On March 26, she completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need of a transplant . In turn, she received a kidney from Matt Crane, 55, who lives outside Philadelphia .
The MS Anthem of the Seas has just arrived in Southampton, UK, for its naming ceremony . The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . On board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, go on a virtual sky dive and have FlowRider surfing simulators .
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,000 tweets supporting ISIS in less than a year . Some of the messages included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria . The 22-year-old could face 14 years in prison for the offences .
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean . Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico . It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere . And a University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . The study found that a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob . This would trap heat in the water, trapping heat and create a 'mega-drought' California is currently experiencing the driest period since 1580 .
Robert Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest . 'All of the stuff that happened in 2007 that was eight years ago and was a bad phase of my life that I've moved past and never really looked back,' he said .
Al Qaida fighters clashed with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla . Militants then seized control of the airport and moved to secure their hold on the main sea port, which is also an oil terminal . Latest advance marks a major gain for Al Qadia in the Arabian Peninsula, as the al-Qaeda affiliate is known .
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday . Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children . After the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri . His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . He declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch .
Details revealed in SBS documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking . It claims that state-run military and civilian hospitals are taking thousands of organs a year from donors while they are still alive . Lawyer David Matas claims people are being killed for organs in China - a country where there are only 37 registered organ donors .
Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 . His pictures of the Taj Mahal, Barcelona, the Wat Pho and the Golden Gates were recently uploaded under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France . On October 27, he went to tea with friends, and is thought to have got into an argument . He admitted there was an argument and to putting his body in a 12ft well .
Diesel model Winnie Harlow, who suffers from the same rare skin condition as singer Michael Jackson, was pictured holding hands with albino model Shaun Ross on Tuesday night . Winnie, who has vitiligo, was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label Diesel earlier this year .
Two months after making his shock decision, Jon Stewart has revealed that he is leaving the Daily Show . Said he was becoming increasingly depressed by American politics and watching cable news . 'Watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing,' he said .
An adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in Australia until July . However, infected adults pose a serious risk for infants and children who are not vaccinated . It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley . His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign urging people to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths . 'Heartbreaking to watch four week old Riley struggle with it at (Perth's Princess Margaret Hospital)' said Catherine Hughes .
Dr John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday . The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November . He returned to Sydney on Friday where he stayed at an airport hotel before falling ill about 7am .
Ukip leader calls on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister . Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal . He has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential arrangements .
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father's crimes in a local newspaper article . Raymond Handley was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court . Miss Handley did not see her father as a child and was discouraged from contacting him by her mother as an adult . Now she wants to change her name via deed poll .
In 2015, Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear . This liberation now extends to day-to-day clothing choices when out and about . Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently . Amanda Holden caused a media frenzy when she went bra-less at the Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham in February .
Roger Byng, 67, captured the spectacular moment on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester . The fox races across the grass towards the large Canada goose, but his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the hungry fox .
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ He was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame . Nathan has since lost more than half his bodyweight and is now a ripped gym instructor .
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's home in April 2013 . Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . 'Whenever we are running errands, if we come across a black male, she holds me tight and begs
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for positive things had better mental and physical health, a new study has found . The study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure .
Hillary Rodham Clinton slammed Republicans for latching on to a new book she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department . 'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene . In a traditional Democratic stand, she voiced her strong support for Social Security, a program some Republicans are eager to trim back, describing it as 'not a luxury' but 'a necessity' Campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination, she pushed back hard, campaigning for
The South American bird has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning Scaglia's Magnificent Bird after one of Argentina's famous naturalists . While it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today . Because of its size and ominous appearance, it was thought to be a top carnivore .
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from Specialisterne . Ten people with autism will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices . If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide .
The I'm UP Alarm can be set to go off at a certain time the night before . It will then only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code . Developer Michael Smagon said: 'We hit the snooze, toss and turn, and fall back asleep'
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November . Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier . Now newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from a policy taken out in July 2001 on the grounds he needs the money to pay for his attorney for the forthcoming murder trial scheduled to begin next month .
Three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools . Mail on Sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic CPR skills . The skills can also be taught by older children to their younger peers .
Louie, three weeks old, and Uno, a full-grown Dalmatian, were paired up together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month . The pair were recently adopted by the Pogue family .
William Smith wore his mother's favourite bandana and sprayed perfume . The 14-year-old wanted to remind himself of his mother, Alison Overton . Inquest heard how the Grimsby boy had 'settled back in well' at school . Teenager had told his grandmother to bring him home some chicken nuggets .
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans they claim are offensive . The Brisbane-based company came under fire last year after 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans removed . Wicked Picket's CEO John Webb apologised for the offense the vans had caused, and invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 . He was able to start firing the stolen weapon as soon as he left . This after he demanded bullets from an inside store guarding the case . Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store . But seconds later he began firing into the air and pointed the weapon at an officer . It was discovered the wire was loose and only wrapped through the weapon's barrel and lock just once .
Author says Kate is 'uneventful dresser' who is no match for Princess Diana . The Duchess spends much of her time doing charity work .
14% rise in number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years . 5.6million have chosen to work shorter hours and 1.35million cannot find work . Comes after sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home mothers .
John Potter forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placed it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . He passed on the image to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated .
Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' in the capital of Dakar yesterday . After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious . Other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats .
New study highlights areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to evacuate . Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a 'significant customer presence' Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation after a large-magnitude earthquake .
The Countess' 11-year-old daughter made up the four royal ladies . They wore a subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose . Beatrice, 26, the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson, opted for an unusual blue creation .
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them . One man has instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council . Association of Child Abuse Lawyers said bungled investigations 'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after continually arriving late, according to internal memos . The airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000 for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac . Memos from Sydney airport Captain Martin Gardiner, manager of base operations at Sydney, said London airport had given the airline an official warning .
Bryan Morseman, 29, of Bath, New York, ran three marathons in eight days last month in hopes of raising money to pay for his nine-month-old son Leeim's medical bills . Leeim was born with spina bifida, a disorder that starts in the womb when a baby's spine doesn't form properly . He has won 23 of the 42 marathons he's participated in .
Mr Blair said: 'Am I better off than most people? Yeah, I'm very lucky. Am I in the league of the super-rich? Absolutely not, though you will have to make up your own mind about that' He earns millions of pounds a year from consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking .
The 32-year-old father has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to his critically ill daughter . The little girl has a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma which is putting pressure on her internal organs . He has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him .
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27 were interviewed on The Ellen Show on Tuesday . Their original video of themselves miming along to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody went viral in March . SketchShe were even credited by Billboard magazine for causing a 261 per cent surge in streaming of the original track .
Obama and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of more than $477,000, according to tax returns released Friday by the White House . Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show . The couple reported making $94,889 from the sale of Obama's best-selling books, which down from more than $116,000 the year before .
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home at 7:30am on Thursday . She made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills but never made it to class . Her father reported his daughter missing when he searched their house following work . Police have questioned Melissa's school friends but they have so far been unable to find the child .
Alexandra Harra, 28, from Miami has a BA degree in creative writing and classics . She recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star . Her derriere apparently measures 43 inches, while Kardashian's is just 40 inches .
Scientists at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum are unable to detect sarcasm . They found that the damage to this area of the brain seems to directly affect a person's ability to detect it . Study found employees who have to put up with a boss or colleague are more creative than those who don’t, according to the study .
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father's return to the far-right party . Accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into mainstream . Tensions had escalated last week after he defended previous comments . Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France's Spanish-born PM Manuel Valls 'the immigrant'
Ted Loveday helped Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge win University Challenge . He has now admitted he had help from unlikely sources after his team's triumph . Viewers were astounded by Loveday's knowledge prowess, but he admits that he has help from some unlikely sources .
Eyeko London's new Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes . Revolutionary mascaras, eyeliners and foundations all feature in personalised products . The £28 product launches in Harvey Nichols earlier this month .
Eason Chow has found inspiration from sugar-coated sweets in gumball machines . He has also made a stackable maker to use the capsules with . Droops will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost £80 .
Gervais tweeted: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?' Francis, a mother of eight in her mid-40s, is passionate about hunting and regularly posts pictures of her kills . Thousands of people retweeted the picture - with some saying they hoped she dies 'a lonely, painful death' Tens of thousands of tourists travel to Africa every year to collect 'trophies'
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged with the 2009 killing of her husband David Laut, 60 miles northwest of Los Angeles . Prosecutors dropped the case and filed new charges on Friday . Jane Laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after killing their 10-year-old son and their dogs .
White House said Obama would meet Congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with Iran . Senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon . It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers . The House's top vote counter said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill .
Three BA planes were forced to return to Heathrow from Baku, Azerbaijan . Airbus A321 was carrying 92 passengers and crew over the weekend . BA spokesperson denied there was a fire, saying: 'The aircraft landed as normal' Passengers were put up in hotels and flown out the following morning .
Candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . She underwent surgery and radiation treatment in December and is planning to release relevant medical records . Claims to have 'cured' the cancer with 'drink', drank pineapples and vitamins . Her claims have been questioned by critics who have questioned her claims . Bloggers have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that Ms Fox cured her cancer .
Miss Bonas, 26, is the youngest daughter of aristocrat Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon . The Sloaney blonde dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up . Shows off modelling skills in new imagery released by British fashion house .
The tree was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager who was gunned down in the street last August . But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk . The memorial plaque on that tree was also stolen and will be replaced later this week .
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years . They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B . In 2011, our dreams came true when we bought a World War II airfield tower . It had been used as accommodation or a grain store since the war .
14-month-old Millie-Belle Diamond has 115,000 Instagram followers . She originally set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old so that their family in WA and Queensland could see her grow . Her mum Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online .
Barcelona is a city of contrasting art and architecture with a handy beach . No other city in the world has as many buildings as Barcelona . The iconic Hotel Arts is 44-storey and towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic .
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses . Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands . But the baby boy doesn't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he's heard merrily gurgling away .
Discovery Communications CEO David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million last year, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . This thanks to success of shows like Shark Week and his running of networks like Oprah Winfrey's OWN . Zaslav's salary has grown from $5billion in 2007 to $20billion today . His salary is $3million, where it will stay for the length of his contract .
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of kitchen cupboards at home . But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses . The two then point back and forth at each other as the argument continues .
Nikki Kelly, 24, felt cramps in her stomach after long journey from Scotland . But when she made a dash for the bathroom, she was shocked to discover she was pregnant and gave birth to son James in 'three pushes' Miss Kelly continued to have periods for nine months and experienced no morning sickness or cravings whatsoever . Says baby James was born on January 5 at 11:22am, weighing a healthy 6lbs .
Mary Ann Diano, 62, was left homeless when storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012 - but says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life . Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn was also destroyed, said they plan to spend their winnings on a new house .
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America . The 1012-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
The 29-year-old had been playing Candy Crush Saga all day for six to eight weeks as he left the military and was in between jobs . He tore a tendon in his thumb, which is normally quite painful . Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain . Game involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points .
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother on April 6 . She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda for two or three months . Landlord in Madrid has been arrested in connection with her disappearance . Police found a couple of spots of blood, a meat grinder and a tooth in the machine .
Two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning Anzac Day attack . Sevdet Besim, 18, charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' The two men 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, killed by police last year . He is believed to have planned an ISIS-like attack at his funeral .
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex in Melbourne dropped suddenly . The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido', 'sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit .
The hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China . The temperature has been measured at 792C - but that was two metres away . Experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground .
Man posed as a member of St James' church in the Gorton area of Manchester . As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal contents of two other women's bags before fleeing . Woman, 82, alerted when she heard thief rustling in her purse as he fled . But instinctively he managed to pull the bag from her shoulder and he ran off . Police have released an e-fit and CCTV image of the suspected offender .
New drink-driving law enacted on December 5 - cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg . Bank of Scotland PMI report said exporters have been affected by the falling euro . Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban .
Research by the travel search engine suggests most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe . Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe, according to recent data released by KAYAK.com.au . The number of Australians travelling overseas has also increased in recent years .
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern accused of murdering David Alderson . Pair allegedly beat and drowned 72-year-old, then stole £40,000 from a safe . Police originally thought he died as a result of falling from his bike, court heard . Court heard they then lured him to an abandoned mine at Wheal Maid, Devon . 'His body was dragged to a pond into which he was dumped face down'
Chicago's only three-Michelin-starred restaurant is run by talented chef Grant Achatz . The eatery features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks . Four American restaurants are all in New York, while Le Bernardin came ninth . Alinea was opened by his business partner Nick Kokonas in 2005 . Spain has eight in the list while Italy has seven and Australia has five .
Jordan Spieth, 21, penned a letter six years ago when he was still in high school in Dallas, Texas . He was a junior at Jesuit High School and wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . Jack Nicklaus, who posted a tribute on his Facebook page, said: 'It's difficult not to root for him' The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills .
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside . But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note on day of crash . She was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it . 'I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick,' she told Sunday People .
David Cameron will announce massive extension to the housing policy . He will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families to buy their home . The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell their most expensive properties .
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen on Easter Sunday at her workplace in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am . She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday . Her parents plan to hire a police helicopter as they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play' Ms Scott was travelling in a red Mazda 3 sedan with a NSW registration BZ-19-CD and her vehicle is also missing .
Kenya has failed to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its 700km border with Somalia . Elite troops arrived from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from the capital, but did not arrive until 2pm . Al Qaeda-aligned group killed 148 people on Thursday when they stormed the Garissa University College campus, some 200km from the Somali border .
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on bare-chested man . Hostage took nurse Long Yufang to hospital in Dongguan, Guangdong Province . Dr Lin immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage allowing him to go free .
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as she slept in their suburban Atlanta home early New Year's Day . He said he woke next to the sound of a gunshot and suspected he might have been trying in his sleep to move the gun to a nightstand . The shooting happened while his wife was asleep but believed it was an accident, according to state investigators .
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster . FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make .
The image of Barbie is the 96th result on the page, and ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article jokingly states 'women don't run companies' Many high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have retweeted the results of the search . University of Washington recently found results like these are contributing to gender bias, and perpetuate outdated views on women in the workplace .
Curt Almond, 26, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers for Calvin Klein . But he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' and needed to wean himself off addiction . During year-long addiction, he bought 365 pairs of boxers - which were thrown into bin after just one wear .
Prisoner Royston Coates has posted pictures from inside his prison cell . He boasted about watching TV from prison and showed off muscles in pictures . The pictures are the second such incident to emerge within two days . Coates was jailed in October 2013 for helping to stab a man with a kitchen knife .
Researchers believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick' 'Kick' allows a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells . Man, 59, had HIV and myeloma, a cancer of the bone marrow, which help control HIV .
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson . Reports in South Africa suggest her attackers had hacked her to death . Mrs Malcolm, 74, was found on Sunday morning at the Capri Mews complex . She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family . Nephew: 'I'm absolutely gobsmacked, I've never had to deal with anything like this before'
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara – a Sikh temple – during a campaign tour of the Midlands on Wednesday . But his team banned national media journalists from the event - despite the fact that the national media are traditionally open to all . Worshippers also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the Labour leader .
Finland only did so well before because of influence of traditional teacher-led methods . But it has slipped down international rankings tables as new liberal techniques became more widespread . Former education secretary makes it his mission to fight 'progressive' methodology .
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested Friday in Bakersfield, California . Charged with child cruelty after video of alleged abuse surfaced online . Has now launched a Facebook post claiming the incident is a 'misunderstanding' Said there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye . He posted bail with a court date set for April 24 and will now undergo mental health treatment .
One of those distributing the sickening images is a British ISIS jihadi . Images are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province . The exact crime the victim is accused of committing is not known . Pictures are uploaded to Twitter saying he was a 'sorcerer'
Man proposes to girlfriend inside McDonald's restaurant where she works . He strides purposefully over to her wearing her uniform and drops down on one knee . Young couple embrace after she says 'yes' and demands free Happy Meals .
Couple stayed at the 18th-century Ballyfin, at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of Ireland . The 5 star retreat boasts a five-star pool, which can be hired out for a small €25,000 (£18,000) a night . During their Irish stay, the couple went to the local cinema to surprise locals, and enjoyed a private cinema .
Six-year-old schoolgirl made headlines when she was plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as David Cameron tried to read with her . Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters .
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent are more likely to have a university degree than the men . The suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households . While female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad, lonely and socially isolated, a new study shows that the majority have university degrees, reputable careers and healthy social lives .
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter . But now the 46-year-old has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages . He recently offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through PayPal . His actions seem a far cry from his fame he enjoyed in the 1990s .
Tycoon Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a legal dispute . His behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Lady Gaga and Kylie Jenner .
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with Dionne Clark . She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome told them how much she enjoyed herself . But Mr Clark told the store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped . The pair became close friends after starting work in the same shop in 2013 .
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a horrific head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic . She was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . The transportation of her body could cost as much as $20,000 . More than $13,000 has already been donated by 367 complete strangers that hope to see the 23-year-old laid to rest in her hometown .
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls and fondling a third girl . The assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was HIV-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes AIDS .
John Young, 66, and wife Elaine, 54, were sat in front room of their home . When one brick smashed glass, Mr Young went and opened front door to remonstrate . He was struck in left eye by another brick but doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye . Attack occurred just three weeks after the couple, who have no children, got married .
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered English Channel along with two other Russian ships . RAF Lossiemouth sent a frigate to monitor a Russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the English Channel . Hours later, two Russian Bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles hugged British airspace – prompting the RAF to deploy two Typhoon fighter jets . Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place
Cyclist was killed in a rush-hour accident with a lorry in central London today . Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament . Today's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year .
Last episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner sees the Robshaws eating insects . The family attempt burgers made with insect and beef protein . Entomophagy could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat .
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott in Charleston, South Carolina . State law says killing does not include a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty . But dash cam footage of Slager discharging a Taser into a black man's back is filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit .
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle after Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK . Saffat Khan, 11, died of meningitis last month, after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left his immune system fatally weakened . The family first came from Bangladesh to live with the boy and his father's father, who was studying for a PhD . He was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a type of childhood cancer which attacks connective tissue in
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh . Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered . The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines .
Eight-year-old taken to hospital after falling victim to playground suffocation prank . Game involves children having their nose and mouth held shut until they black out . Greater Manchester Police have now issued a warning to parents over 'sleeper' Craze involves children completely covering mouth and noses of younger children until they completely pass out - potentially fatal .
London estate agents were invited to a fake house in Enfield Haunting . Installed with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps, they were hysterical . Unsuspecting agents are subject to cruel, but hilarious, pranks . One estate agent reacts with leaping into air and retracts arms . Another gasps in shock as her brother recently died in the house .
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south . The conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, and shows the a small scuffle escalate into an all-in fight . Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break it up . Four people have been arrested over the incident, including one of Serbian youths .
Shelly Sterling has said she would donate the proceeds to charity despite acknowledging marital problems . But she said she still feels 'very bad about it' Donald Sterling is suing the NBA and his wife of six decades for $2 billion .
Manila cafe owner Zach Yonzon customised caricatures into coffee froth . Items include a spoon and barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate . Graphic artist etches customised goods into the drink at no extra cost .
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid . It can be made to feel and act like human tissue . The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity .
More than 1,200 people detained following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire . Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses . Some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their tattoos - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs . The greatest activity took place in the San Juan, Dallas, El Paso, Los Angeles and Detroit .
Two marques finish bottom of 38-strong table of manufacturers . Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old assessed on failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs . Most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place . Audi RS6, which was also most costly to fix, was also cheapest to fix .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo . Dr Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed . Jackson's girlfriend noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI . The tumour is pressing down on the side of his brain, which is why she refused to accept the dismal diagnosis .
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, arrested nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach, California . Suspect's parents Karen and Glenn were absent from the courtroom during the arraignment on Friday - they are likely to attend a hearing on Thursday when their son has a bond hearing . Make Paeske, the father of the girl allegedly threw her out of school on March 23 .
Sylvain and Samia Ghadie flew from Manchester to New York for a four-day holiday . The couple paid their respects to those who died in September 11, 2001 . They stayed at the Marriott Essex House, where a butler took away their shoes for shining .
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, was sentenced to death in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi and Satayrathi Venna . He says he'd rather be executed now than continue seeking a new trial . The national had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder . Attorneys say they have spent more time with their client 'than ever occurred in Montgomery County history'
Three children were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning . Sudanese footballer Majak Daw arrived at the church and signed a book of condolences for the children before making his way inside . Mourners wept as the children's cousin described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Tiger Temple near Bangkok has been forced to shut due to monks' treatment . The 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday or they will be seized . Wildlife Conservation Office director said temple does not have proper cages and clear animal nurturing facilities .
Dave Roberts, running to become mayor of Middlesbrough, has bungee jumped from the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years ago . His ancestor Daniel McAllister was challenged to jump off the bridge by a friend after drinking in a bet worth a sixpence . The 50-year-old former TV and radio presenter said: 'I thought it was going to be sheer terror, but I actually enjoyed it'
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster . His followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment . Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid .
Around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking . This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster . The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers .
Photos from the 2004 Maxim Hot 100 party reveal a couple just moments before Giuliana Rancic became a woman scorned . The blonde beauty was flying solo to the event as she had just announced her separation with actor John Stamos just two months prior . However she appeared to still be sporting the ring on her wedding finger as she showed off her model frame in a black ensemble .
Foodie Fidos will be treated to drinks-paired set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen . Menu devised by Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson . Diner is first of its kind in Britain to serve high-end, freshly prepared, organic canine cuisine .
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm Wednesday . It shut down three train lines in both directions . The break also affected things at street level, where seas of city water threatened businesses and a major hospital .
Dr Frederic Brandt was discovered hanged inside his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning . Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients that she had to stay with him to monitor him . Comes after claims that the 'Baron of Botox' killed himself after a 'bullying' TV series penned by Tina Fey aired on Netflix .
Carlos Toro came to the United States and began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about his former bosses . Toro, 66, was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship after he went public with his plight . He is now technically living in the US illegally after declining health forced him to retire .
Ted Koran, 59, failed to get through to a counselor on the VA Suicide Hotline on Saturday . The VA is facing increasing problems as it fights depression among ex-servicemen . Ted's wife Karen recently passed away from cancer and he wanted someone to talk to on Saturday night .
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child . The former Olympic swimming champion has revealed being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles so far . She lost 21lbs after appearing in I'm A Celebrity! Get Me Out of Here in December 2013 .
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . Among these locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach, both in southern Sydney, as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation, many tourists were neglecting these areas altogether . The motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring .
Police raided Christine Carriage's one-bedroom home in Bowthorpe, Norwich . Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on . But the 67-year-old walked free from court this week .
Farhina Touseef is risking her life as medics travel through Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents . The mother-of-three is leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban stronghelds . She takes her life into her hands on every mission she goes, unsafe in knowledge that more than 80 health workers before she have been slaughtered by the Taliban .
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother . On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in Farmingdale, New Jersey . Investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township . No current evidence indicates that the mother was a 'victim of foul play,' but authorities have not ruled out the possibility . The
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, had Vaseline injected into his penis . But nine months later it became so swollen and inflamed, he was unable to have sex . He turned to plastic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh who said there was hope he could be cured but it wouldn't be easy .
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo . Huge school of Trevally fish began circling above her and she was snapped . Husband Jeff, 26, captured the incredible moment using his underwater camera .
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities . Get a stroll around New York's recently-built Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg or visit one of London's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix . If you can resist the temptation of popping into over-priced shops and restaurants, stroll around Times Square won't cost you anything .
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . ‘Taxidermy was a big part of my culture. It became a fascination for me, you know, capturing the animal in a precise moment, almost frozen in time,’ he said . His sculptures are on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's north shore .
Picture was taken over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer . Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction . Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood .
Etan Patz disappeared in 1979 while on his way to school . His body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings . The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ . Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades .
Tim McGraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to put on a benefit concert in support of a gun control charity . The country singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford, Connecticut show on July 17 . However, anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush .
Caitlin Kellie-Jones developed Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy minutes after birth . It allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from lack of oxygen . Luckily, she recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play . Her parents are raising money for extra cooling machines to help other babies .
Four Royal Navy sailors were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia . Allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman who was invited on to the base to attend a party linked to the ice hockey tournament . Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35 were arrested six days later .
Canadian mother posted video of her son by flushing goldfish down toilet . Young boy then proceeds to kiss the fish repeatedly in heartbreaking move . Video has so far racked up 374,551 views: 'Boy loses best friend'
For men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners', says eHarmony . But women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right' More than half of Australian women say finding the one is their biggest priority in life . Women spend only 38 minutes a week actively looking for dates .
Hadas (not her real name) had 'the cut' in Eritrea, where circumcision for girls is widely practiced, when she was just a few months old . 'Most people think that if a girl is cut, she will grow up to be a good girl,' she said .
The video was taken in the forecourt of Sunoco gas station in Philadelphia . Five people, including two children, storm out of a minivan and attacked the helpless 51-year-old . They continue to stamp on the man as he lies motionless on the ground . The boy accused the man of jockeying with him while asking to fill motorist's tanks for spare change .
Senior Labour MP admits party would look to 'forge common alliance' with SNP . David Lammy said SNP was party Labour could 'do business with' in hung Parliament . Comes amid warnings the SNP will hold Labour to . 'ransom' if it holds balance of power in . Parliament next month . Scottish First Minister has vowed to work with Mr Miliband .
Freighters trapped in ice are shown in an aerial photo taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario . They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks . The ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker .
Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today . Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy . Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead bombing campaign to oust Iran-allied Houthi movement . President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi forced to flee to Riyadh .
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham in February . Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen . Ali drove through several junctions, ignoring red lights and on the wrong side of the road in a desperate attempt to avoid capture . He was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court .
Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage, aged 48 . The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels . He was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of The Wizard of Oz .
Child was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester . He quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft . Emergency services used a hovercraft to bring the 11-year-old back to the beach unharmed .
Tamara Pacskowska, 76, pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley . She could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law to help translate . Fraudsters were caught out in a solicitors office while they completed sale . They were on the cusp of completing sale of the house to Benjamin Khoury . Both were also spared jail after they too admitted a fraud charge .
Robert Kennedy Jr used term last week during screening of Trace Amounts . Said he struggled for way to convey effects of autism on children and families . Retracted statement on Monday and said he will use other words to describe autism crisis in the future as he promotes the documentary .
A New York City woman watched in terror as a man crawled through a window to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry . 'People thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman .
Gold trinket box was given to Lord Uxbridge for his heroics at the Battle of Waterloo . His leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a tourist attraction . Box was sold by Bonhams to a private collector for £100,900 .
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, was forced to close shop after she told a local news reporter that her establishment would not cater a gay wedding . In an interview on Saturday, she explained that she stands by her decision, and that she just does not support gay people . She said that God blessed her for standing up for what we believe, and 'not denying him' $850,000 has been raised by supporters in just two days .
In 1992, a Drug Enforcement Agency operation which has since been discontinued, monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking . The data collection did not however allow DEA investigators access to the actual content of calls, just the numbers dialed and time of the calls were all recorded .
Michelle Heale was babysitting Mason Hess in Tom's River, New Jersey . She pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing him . But when the verdict was read out, she sobbed uncontrollably and told her husband: 'I didn't do it' She then turned to her husband and told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget her .
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday . His wife Georgina Chapman has been working on her upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her fashion brand Marchesa . The movie executive was joined by the couple's son Dashiell in her design studio on Thursday and even had a little helper joining her in the design room . 'She thinks it’s embarrassing not only to her, but to their kids,' added the unnamed socialite
Jourdan Dunn reveals she was severely bullied at school as a teenager . The model used to feel 'physically sick' looking in the mirror when she was scouted . She is the first black model to secure a solo British Vogue cover star this year since Naomi Campbell's last cover on the fashion bible 13 years ago . 5ft 11in model has defied her bullies' expectations by becoming a household name on the runway .
Chelsea's Mario Balotelli received the most discriminatory messages online . Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge received 1,600, more than 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation . Almost a third of the abusive posts were racist, a quarter related to gender . A further 11 per cent were sexual orientation discrimination based on sex .
A body found in the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly four weeks . Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . The cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated .
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the studios . Sir Edward Elgar hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein . There are archive photos from Abbey Road down the years, YouTube videos of performances placed in the exact spot they were filmed .
The CPS confirmed that the Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore . Mr Moore was a barrister in the same chambers as Lord Janner's son . Police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences raised concerns .
Margaret Rylance realised her money was going missing from her bank account . Her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease . Son had been siphoning money away, spending it on everyday living costs . A £13,000 fee to move her into a care home in January 2013 had to be paid by the council because her bank balance had been diminished by her son's spending .
A three-year-old girl was found alone near a suburban Chicago forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois around 6:30pm Tuesday . Her father Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping . The little girl is believed to be named Aliya . He was arrested in Portage, Wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop .
Judy Eddingfield has been working at Winstead's in Kansas City for 50 years . The 65-year-old has been a server at the restaurant since the 1940s . She says it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted .
House is 18 times the size of average new home in England and Wales . But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price, is enough for Treasury to pay annual salary of 330 nurses . Owner, who commissioned the mansion, had put house on the market for £55m . Has now been bought by an offshore company for £51,191,950, according to Land Registry figures .
Lib Dem leader's wife Mirian said party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May . She said: 'I have seen Nick and these guys for five years consistently, every single day' Mr Clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the Liberal party .
A 13-year-old boy allegedly shot and killed a male teacher using a crossbow . He is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill . None of the attacks had taken the boy seriously . The attacker is undergoing a psychiatric examination at the age of 14 .
Dutch Shell Plc has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an . order to remove Greenpeace activists . Group will occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer . It is under contract to Shell, and plans to unfurl a banner with the names of millions opposed to Arctic drilling .
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue has been beefed up with a 'pencil protrusion' that will be bolted on top of the White House perimeter fence for a year . A new fence, as tall as 10 feet, is planned and fabricated . The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out .
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade . They were once drawn to warmer waters above 10°C south of the area . But climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise . The dolphins are moving further north than they did decades ago, possibly because the water has become warmer . Warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore, the research body said .
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family . The note was posted around a month ago but was circulated on Twitter this week . Recently an eagle-eyed woman spotted an add in a newsagent from a man looking for a lover .
Researchers at Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, showed for the that that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke . The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have . high levels of nicotine in them despite not being allowed in insecticides . Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity .
Daniel Filmus, Argentina’s secretary of state for the islands, said Britain’s decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was ‘gunboat diplomacy’ Mr Filmus’s comments sparked furious reaction from Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond .
Lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering making hash oil at home . Comes after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to Hash oil . Washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit production of hash or even edibles at home, but many have done it . People make hash for the same reasons they make beer, wine or booze .
Hattie Gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after surgery for ulcerative colitis . Now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com . In a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma and a bag . 'I was scared I wouldn't be able to live a normal life,' she says .
The albino dolphin has been at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan . While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white . It can change colour from white to pink when it's feeling angry, sad or embarrassed . Animal is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was bought from fishermen last year .
Eight-year-old from Australia has turned her popular YouTube channel into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years . CharlisCraftyKitchen features child friendly tutorials for making everything from Minnie Mouse pops out of Oreos to princess teacup cookies .
Andreas Lubitz crashed Airbus A320 using Germanwings co-pilot in 2009 . The plane changed the altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot . Prosecutors believe he spiked his captain's coffee to force him into the toilet . Lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself .
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty shaft shaft in her apartment block in Ningbo City, China . Her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her down the shaft . Property manager Yang Shao said her toddler son pushed her to her death . Investigators have brought into question why she had the authority to open the doors manually and whether she acted properly .
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure . Australian TV presenter says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians . She interviewed Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago .
The former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday . Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year . The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now . Anderson, a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for PETA, said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country .
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists digging in Ethiopia . Lucy is the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found . Despite being uncovered 40 years ago, Lucy is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors .
Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center . It is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-corners . The vehicles can be controlled independently and rotated 180 degrees about its axis . Movement can also be controlled remotely at up to 70mph . Nasa says it was buit in order to 'end technologies that have applications for future vehicles on Earth'
Thousands of blue-blue creatures are washing up on beaches in Oregon, California and Washington . Strong winds have blown them to the shores thanks to a blue sail on their bodies which allows them to stay in the sea during normal winds . They will smell like fish as they start to decompose and will likely be gone within days .
Janet Brown was found naked with her arms cuffed behind her back . Her body was found at the foot of the stairs of her family home in 1995 . Mrs Brown's two daughters described their hother as a 'kind and loving nurse' The 51-year-old nurse died of head injuries, post mortem revealed . Police described circumstances of crime as 'unusual' adding they 'keeping an open mind'
GBAD system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a high powered laser . The Navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles from tracking and targeting Marines on the ground . Some of the system's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes .
Matthew Weathers, a maths teacher from Biola University, California, posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel . Acting inconspicuously, the teacher announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos .
Susan Pease Gadoua says that a renewable marriage contract would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces . Couples in a fixed-term Starter Marriage agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner' She says that traditional weddings set people up for failure .
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security after being stopped at the artists' entrance . The drama unfurled on Sunday when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig . They showed proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity, according to reports .
Cadbury is cutting the size of their beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent . The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g, will now weigh just 12g . In February chocolate lovers expressed their anger after Cadbury announced plans to reduce their size of family blocks by ‘one row’ in a cost cutting deal .
Miley Cyrus attended the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio . The 22-year-old singer displayed a somewhat bushy underarm area as she posed for a social media snap . One user said: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me' Another said that star's armpit hairs were 'freaking her out'
Jamie Silvonek should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a prosecutor said . The 14-year-old is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland .
Comcast proposed $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. Staff attorneys at the Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block the merger . The proposed collaboration of the two cable television companies, which have both suffered drops in shares recently, drew criticism from Comcast competitors and groups that oppose media consolidation .
In annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people, CEO Wayne LaPierre celebrated Republican majority in Senate as evidence of NRA's political clout . He declared nobody 'should be forced to face evil with bare hands' as he called Congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state . Meanwhile, a few hundred NRA protesters gathered in a park along the Cumberland River . Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America's founder Shannon Watts criticized what she called LaPierre's 'f
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday . The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where the president and the first family had gone .
Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal' It has missed the four-hour waiting time target for the 28th consecutive week . But proportion of patients seen within Government maximum of four hours at A&E departments in England is below target of 95 per cent again .
The bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans . One tweet read: 'How dare you make the execution of Black men in America the butt of your jokes? Explain yourself' Another called the tweet 'deplorable', 'unbelievable' and 'disgusting' Paddy Power's advert about Oscar Pistorius murder trial was the most complained about in Britain last year .
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition . 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes . While the causes of type 1 are unknown, it is usually preceded by the body’s immune system killing so-called beta cells in the pancreas that produce insulin .
Saving Place, which opens Tuesday at the Museum of the City of New York, highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement . The 1963 demolition of the old Beaux Arts-style Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden helped lead to the establishment of a commission that can designate historic places as landmarks .
Ann Malsbury, 22, battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners . The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to collect belongings after pair broke up following an 18-month relationship, Warwick Crown Court heard . When he bent down to pick up something Malstor jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . After he struggled free Malsand armed herself with large carving knife and stabbed him several times with the blade .
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m. on Friday . They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire . No one was injured, but the facility likely has been destroyed .
Silver-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere . Julianne Moore has been lighting up our screens with her lioness' mane since the 1990s . Sansa Stark and Ygritte rock luminous-looking locks with porcelain skin .
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas . For months authorities ruled out fears that fumes had come from a landfill site, but insisted carbon monoxide from faulty pump had caused his death . Now the Mail on Sunday can reveal 14 months that the gas had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater . Witness statements marked restricted and confidential, were provided to police by senior fire officers the day after they attended the scene of the tragedy .
Five young sailors committed suicide on HMAS Stirling over two years . Families did not learn of previous attempts to take their own lives and drug use until after their deaths . Stuart Addison hanged himself in 2011 while onshore leave in Western Australia . Navy records revealed his son had tired to take his own life twice before .
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex . Together they read: 'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
Liu Siying grimacing as Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at her face . The 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at Chinese Grand Prix, Shanghai . Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour 'selfish' and called on him to apologise . Hamilton won Spanish Grand Prix and Austrian Grand Prix .
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . According to Houston city codes, the driver should not have been driving because of a prior drug conviction . However, according to Uber's official background check policy, they only review sentences passed down seven years ago .
Toddler Libby Jane Wilson was attacked by a Jack Russell in Chorley, Lancashire . Toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the dog entered and attacked her . Owner said he didn't check if her daughter was hurt and fled with his pet .
Footage shows Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought . His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the animal 'little legs chopped' 'So when we eat the animals they die. Why? I like that they keep standing and happy,' she says .
In Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria, its colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the shimmoth and were reflected off . Linear dunes are straight ridges of thesand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) But the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known .
Mexican soldiers uncovered a hidden underground passageway hidden inside its doors . The 66ft deep route was wired with lights, ventilation and a cart system . Officials said the tunnel had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet .
The Prime Minister was asked to have a beer by a coach when he was skolling a schooner on Saturday night . Anti-drinking campaigners say he glorifies binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze . Julie Robert, a cultural studies professor at the University of Technology Sydney, said the incident was 'problematic' She warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much, or how quickly they can drink . Opposition leader Bill Shorten quipped that he
Robbie Clark, 96, is one of Britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war . He spent his £50,000 life savings on contributing to his care in Brent . Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for Mr Clark's care . But Help for Heroes has launched its own JustGiving page to help him . It has already given Mr Clark and emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs .
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in Stratford, East London . She was spotted with the man at 10.30pm yesterday, an hour after . But the youngster was traced this morning and is 'safe and well'
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, carried out attack after returning to Ian Garrod's home in Medway for sex in September last year . But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat . He then left Mr Garrod in fear of his life before fleeing from the property with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery .
Group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea . Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera said: 'They tried to throw me and the other Christians still on board as well but they didn't manage to manage'
Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during leaders' debate . One reminds him to be a 'happy warrior' and to 'stay calm' and 'relish chance to show who I am' Labour leader urges himself to talk to camera, get across his 'decency, passion, leadership'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach, Florida, police Captain Dwayne Dean said . The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, where he had previously worked . His mother, Debbie,confirmed to WNCN that Lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that Lanehad 'made inappropriate sexual advances toward' Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had supervised Stanc
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found the scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison . The rant was written on behalf of everyone who views Jade’s Facebook posts . ‘We all thought it might ease off after the first month but it hasn’t,’ the letter continues .
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981 . The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death . Mrs Brady, who trained as a school teacher, was the chairperson of the organization's corporation up until her death in 2011 .
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips . He allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know, reports the Review Journal . The pair decided to go on a road trip in California for over six months . They rented a vehicle which did not have enough space for all the family, so they left the teen and her three-year old sister behind . But while they were away, teen gave birth in her mom's bed 
The Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to return to their father in 2012 . The two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit . 'They are really well, really centred and settled,' said 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown . Laura Garrett has consistently maintained that she was removing the girls from Italy for their own safety .
Millionaire reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, in April . Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has allegedly falsified training and firearms records of Bates . They claim supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets . Bates turned himself in on April 2 to face second-degree manslaughter charges .
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . Sales are expected to hit two million this year . The UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established .
Kamron Taylor was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck . Officers chased him three blocks before he was apprehended . He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff's Office . Taylor had been awaiting sentencing for the murder of Nelson Williams Jr, who died on Wednesday .
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, a naturalized American, faces charges for attempting and providing material support to terrorists, and making false statements to the FBI . He had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the Islamic State militant group, the indictment said .
Max Verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back by his friend on Saturday night . His mate in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, blasted his back open . 'I thought, "oh s***", and had all this blood dripping down my back', he said .
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment to 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base . He was asked about the status of the A-10 and began to discuss budget constraints facing the department and the reason for the decision to retire the plane .
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print below their pictures . According to the ads, women make up 55per cent of their global workforce (sorry, guys) and an even higher percentage of our leadership and executive roles . The images were posted on the company's Instagram account last month in celebration of International Women's Day .
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world . The Brisbane gamer has thousands of followers of her live stream . Followers pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations . Bonnie has been partnered with twitch.tv for a few months after she started streaming .
Alan Barnes was knocked to the ground by Richard Gatiss earlier this year . The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by beautician Katie Cutler . Two-bedroom terraced property boasts two bedrooms, a spacious living room, modern kitchen and large bathroom .
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan . The case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity . Hooker was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules . California recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60
The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio . This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, figures show . Sources blamed the downward trend on faster-paced lives than in the past .
Moment-long clip shows S300 rocket barely manages to take off . Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover . Leaked footage will be of some embarrassment to Vladimir Putin .
Host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag . They asked what advice the comic would give to this year's graduates . After being met with stunned silence, the comic tried to recover by offering further advice to graduates to 'eat salad' and 'always be nice'
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, has transformed into something from a horror film . Sylvia Freedman filmed the scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge . 'Whenever the wind blew, the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe,' she said . The beach is titled 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class . The senior communications major was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm .
Mikki Nicholson, 36, suffered daily verbal abuse in Carlisle, Cumbria . Had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting . But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left . She was born male but identified as a woman, inquest heard . After she was discharged, she was supported by psychiatric nurse Clive Guyo . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Sama
Doctors warn against people shunning whole food groups out of their diets . Australians Susie Burrell and Helga's Lower Carb say this is no reason to cut all carbs out . The Lawsons White and White Sourdough are two of the four .
Chase Culpepper, 17, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove makeup for a license photo after taking off make-up . The South Carolina state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . After a legal battle, the 17-year-old was allowed to wear makeup for her ID and sued the state, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague .
David Cameron and Boris Johnson slam SNP's plans to prop up Labour . Former First Minister is heard mocking Labour after slapping down Jim Murphy's claim that he would write a Labour budget . Salmond said he knew 'because I'm writing the Labour Party's budget' at fundraising event . London Mayor said 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland .
The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing . Any that the second-born touches will turn to gold and copycat designs will bring a welcome boost to the high street . A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy, according to Centre for Retail Research . The term 'The Prince George effect' coined just three days after his birth when a cloth wrapped their son before leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital sold out almost instantly .
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey sent letter saying he regretted 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in August 2, 2006 . The 28-year-old was providing covering fire from a building in heavily-contested city . He was awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery .
120 dairy workers can tuck into fine-dining meal for as little as £2 at Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset . Cooked beef burger with tomato, gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fries for just £4. Earlier this week the menu, which has been hailed as the world's best staff canteen, opened its doors to the public .
The 25-year-old is the boyfriend of a Dominican woman in her late 30s who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn . The boyfriend, who is now four months pregnant, said: 'I'm doing what he's doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone. My neighbors calling the city are going about it the wrong way'
One of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, heard laughing about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize . Another trafficker, Ermias Ghermay, thought to have made £72million with his accomplice MeredMedhaniie in the last two years, was heard declaring: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry' Italian police released photofit of millionaire traffickers who are wanted in connection with major human smu
Prime Minister and outgoing Leader of the Commons William Hague will launch the English document . It will pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws' The document is expected to commit Tories to dozens of new road schemes and an extension of the Cancer Drugs Fund .
Kristina Karo claims she was a classmate of Ms Kunis, 31, who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991 . She is suing the Ukrainian wannabe singer for $5,000 claiming the theft of her pet chicken as a child traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist .
Baby Madison Crotty is seen crying and crying until her doting father decides to try out his impersonation . Buddy had tried out several types of ‘white noise’ sounds to try and get his child to sleep . The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier .
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone were brought closer together by process on last night's episode of the FYI reality show . The pair ended their first night in their new home sharing a bedroom together .
Sacha Whitehead received donations after posting a Facebook call to action . The 26-year-old is handing out clothes and sleeping bags to the homeless . Sydney's extreme weather has been hailed as the storm of a century .
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public . While the women he spoke to called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable' The man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics throughout the interview .
Joseph Oberhansley, now 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September . On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4 . Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case .
Xiaoming Gao was allegedly paid 'thousands of dollars' to provide information on U.S. persons and a Chinese government employee . This information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers . Despite these claims, she was never prosecuted by the government . The State Department employee did admit to sharing details of his job with Gao, their names were 'Teacher Zhao' and the two met numerous times over the years in hotels in China . Gao declined to prosecute, and the FBI has not revealed what they found in a suburban
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body . The child, who is hearing-impaired, was attacked by three neighbor's dogs near his grandmother's home in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday . But the child's family say if it were not for his sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .
Amber Anderson, 27, was arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman in July and August of 2013 . She has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Louisiana and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother that he and Anderson had exchanged sexually explicit text messages .
Dozens of people who visited Cooden Beach Hotel came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms . Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected . Owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff, and has vowed to steam clean the 41-room hotel .
Alice Liveing is the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life . She began her healthy journey just over a year ago and has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals . In this snap Alice shows off toned arms, something she had previously struggled with .
Tidal launched its $19.99-a-month app in New York on 30 March . It jumped to 4th place on the iOS music app chart but now ranks at 92 in the music app category and disappearing from the overall app list entirely . Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined .
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing . She says that the more you focus on bringing your children up to be happy . Nothing looks more dignified or signals you really are moving on . It instantly scores points with the new person in their life .
The best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos . Inspired by Kelly Wearstler in her Malibu beachhouse, she describes beautiful colours as 'the most beautiful and complex I’ve ever seen'
Early tests showed survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent . Scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system . They are recruiting people with skin cancer for the first human trial .
Karen Buckley's remains were found dumped in a field in Kelvinside, Glasgow . Judge Nigel Cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol . Friends of Miss Buckley have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club . After a four-day hunt, her body was found at a farm on April 16 .
The women who broke free from Ariel Castro's 'house of horrors' have written a memoir, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27 . In her first-person memoir, Amanda Berry recalled how she learned from TV news that her mother died of a heart attack, aged 43, in March 2006 . At this point, the teen had been missing for three years before Castro lured her into his home and raped her . Four days after she was captured, Castro turned on the news and saw her mother pleading
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, died last month when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland . She has written about how her illness went undiagnosed until her early 20s . The mother and daughter duo shot to fame in 2004 when they collaborated on a parenting guide based on Natalie being honest with her mother .
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item . He could be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?' Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark . PM admitted the 'close election' means he is not getting to see his family .
The department store has brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as European and American retailers . The move by Myer comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing . It means making way for new season collections by slashing the prices of current season stock - 75 per cent off . Aside from clothing, the sale will also see a generous 70 per cent of designer handbags and wallets .
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her take down of a rival gang member who arrogantly dared claim an area as 'his hood' Statom began referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place . According to police, O'Shae Smith, 20, shot Kendre Allen, 18, in the hip in late March .
50-centimeter wide drone spotted on roof of Prime Minister's residence in Tokyo . Radioactive material likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to human body . Anti-nuclear protests held to stop reactors at nuclear power station restarted .
David and Samantha Cameron picked up lick of paint to help charity project . Wife was campaigning with Tory candidate Alec Shelbrooke in Elmet and Rothwell . She visited Growing Zone garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax, West Yorkshire .
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited her GP for treatment for a water infection . But she was stunned upon her return to class to be told she must make up missed time for the 'unauthorised absence' Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised the ‘mind-boggling’ decision last week . Skegness Academy said detention was to give Courtney the best chance possible of doing well in her exams in the summer .
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song . In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing . And they were a third less likely . to 'hear' it in their minds - the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts . The study was carried out at the University of Reading .
Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May, and is allowed in designated areas around the St. Cloud Regional Airport, in Minnesota . For £7 ($10) permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land . Hunting is a rich part of Pennsylvania's history and airport states on its website that hunting deer helps to meet its wildlife hazard management goals .
James Oatway took pictures of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township on Saturday . He said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country . But in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked by the xenophobic hordes .
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia was dropped from Finding Your Roots about his family past . Addressing his family history, he said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back' His mother had featured in the show, not because her ancestors benefited from indenture, but because she had been a Freedom Rider .
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul . Country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in city . The use of public funds in an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by South Koreans . Officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film will lift the country out of the shadow of it's headline-grabbing northern neighbour .
The ship sailed past the Explorer of the Seas as it left Southampton Docks on its maiden voyage 15 years ago . The ships are owned by Royal Caribbean International and will be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean . As the season comes to a close, the Anthem of Seas will move to New York and will regularly sail to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England .
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after admitting disposing of her boyfriend's shoes thinking he had worn them to commit a burglary . Her boyfriend, Justin Robertson, was paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover . Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock in the New Forest in September last year . Doyle has already spent six months on remand .
Millions of counterfeit condoms were seized by police in Shanghai . They were made in a workshop and cost just 1p to make . Police said lubricating oil was so disgusting it made them feel sick .
Radio host Mel Greig has started a personal crusade to remove the stigma attached with IVF treatment . The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November . But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis .
Will Hatton, 26, has made a career out of travelling as The Broke Backpacker . The backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency within six months . Instead, he has made his career making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands and spending only $100 each week on all of his expenses . 'Venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries I have ever been to. You can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 be
Passengers on board cruise ship Carnival Spirit arrived at Sydney Harbour this morning . Huge waves smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups - leaving many on-board violently seasick . The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am . 'Inside everyone was sick, it was really quite rocky,' said one passenger .
The Duke of Edinburgh presented with the insignia on Wednesday by his wife . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in January that he had recommended the Duke for the honour . The Queen dubbed the decision to knight Philip of the Order of Australia a 'knightmare' Mr Abbott said there would be 'considerable more consultation' around the awards .
Kenny Hetrick is heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm after a man released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - in 2011 . The 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat .
Well-placed source says Kate's real due date is today or tomorrow . Kate, 33, was visiting Stephen Lawrence Centre with Prince William last month . However, April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess' due date . Sources say that no confirmed date has been confirmed . The 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers .
Delta Air Lines plane landed at LaGuardia Airport from Tampa, Florida . Passengers still on board as firefighters walked through cabin with thermal imaging camera to locate potential heat source . Airline says odour of smoke was detected moments after plane touched down .
Jaimie Hessel called an UberX car to get to a fundraising pub crawl for cancer due to start at 1pm but alarms were triggered as soon as she got in the car . Driver was on his phone, cut across lanes, and driven down a bus lane . She then e-mailed Uber Support to complain that the driver had unnecessarily extended the ride . Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer never actually charged the outrageous sum .
Pregnant employee Marissa Holcomb was fired from her job at the fast food chain in Channelview, Texas, on March 31 . A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400 . However, she was given an ultimatum by her managers - to replace what was taken or lose her job . 'I just had a gun to me. I'm not paying the money,' she told them . Holcomb
Alison Saunders 'ignored advice' of Clare Montgomery and Eleanor Laws QC . They offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute Lord Janner . Janner, who has advanced Alzheimer's, escaped justice after inquiry .
Loretta Burroughs, 63, was sentenced Wednesday to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her late husband, Danny . The couple had been missing for six years before Danny's chopped up remains were found at their home in Ventnor, New Jersey, in 2013 . Investigators testified that the containers were wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell . Friends had said she didn't want to move to Florida, which was her husband's idea, and that was her motive for killing him 
Karen Reidy met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris . But the hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered he had been cheating on her for several months . Sakir proposed to Karen with a ring engraved with his name .
The statement chop has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years - from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus . One chain of British barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering bowl cut .
The 18-year-old supermodel is just 18 months younger than blonde Gigi Hadid . She stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine . Bella's designer footwear is on sale for $500 (less than half the original price!)
Ann Rule, 84, had more than $100,000 allegedly stolen and defrauded from her by her two sons . Their son, Andrew, 54, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327 . He admitted to blowing the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs . Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away .
Aden Gould, 21, opened speakers in a Stoke-on-Trent branch of Sainsbury's . He put the equipment back where he found it and was told to pay £150 'security fee' Firm sent him a letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him .
During harassment Pauline Bruce's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . She didn't even show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment Pauline and her son from a previous marriage, John . But it all changed when Pauline began spending more time with another neighbour as they worked on a gardening project . The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door is on Channel 5 at 9pm tomorrow.
Michelle Newman visited James Krainch's grave on the ninth anniversary of his death in Las Vegas . She said all she heard was a 'pop' and saw his heels as he fell from the second floor . The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries . Ms Newman split up with her husband and father to her children Joe Krainch .
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with shoe during night out . Had been a row between friend and friend at a nightclub in Bradford city centre . Carter, of East Bowling, Bradford, has been jailed for three-and-a-half years . She nursed her grandmother, looked after her grandfather and was carer for her mother . Ms Gledh remains traumatised and is afraid to leave the house alone .
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, was pulled from water in Hampstead Heath, London . He had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25C . At least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as boys dived in . They asked how long someone could survive under water's edge . Mr Greenfield's body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface .
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference . She met Suzy Menkes and Karl Lagerfeld at Palazzo Corsini's Palazzo Vecchio . It is the latest in a string of fashion designers to pose with the Princess .
Paul Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005 . He claims that the aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years' and are unimpressed with how we live . Last year, the former Canadian defence minister declared that aliens are walking among us .
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud above Briones Regional Park, California . With its large snout and blackened eyes the furious-looking beast appeared to breath fire as it stared down from the sky .
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston . Operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast . The complex operation began with firefighters widening the door of his room, then building a ramp to move Mr Butler on to a deck . Butler, who is on permanent disability, told local news channels that his bed was broken at the nursing home and he was
Arthur Townsend poured product over van owned by friend's son Martin Carter . He became angry with Mr Carter - the son of Olive Carter, 96 . Stole the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage to Martin Carter's car . Veteran carried out attack after becoming angry with his mother .
Nine-week-old Lt.Dan from South Carolina was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet . 'He's just like me!' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she saw a photo of Lt . Dan . The puppy was named for a character in Forest Gump who lost both of his legs in the film - and could have been euthanized .
Gayla Neufeld, 52, from Manitoba, Canada, has been piling weight around her family's midriff for years . Aged eight, she already weighted 13 stone and felt ashamed of her weight . Met husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum and they are now using her 96-inch asset to launch her career as an international webcam model .
A Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash . The unnamed girlfriend hit her lying lover where it hurts, and dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub . She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him .
Alondra Luna Nunez was torn away from her parents and little brother by police who were acting on the orders of a judge from Texas . She pleaded with them not to take her . DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia . 'They stole my daughter. I didn't know this woman existed,' raged .
Many travellers complain about well-known airports ranging from LAX to London Luton . Complaints range from long queues for security to fighting for a seat in the terminal . LAX is America's second busiest airport in the world, handling 80 million visitors .
Geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid £1,700 in royalties . Complained that Spotify, YouTube, Universal Music and others are hurting . But said he was concerned young artists were getting poor deal .
Graphic was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . Lorne Michaels, a native of Toronto, made the cut for the second time since 2008 . Michaels is a legend at NBC for SNL - making the mistake even more embarrassing .
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley issues warning of new tactics . ISIS trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among 'very young, violent and mentally ill' His words echo case of Brustholm Ziamani, jailed for plotting 'Lee Rigby-style' attack on a soldier .
Boston University and Bath researchers say Neanderthals lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa around 40,000 years ago . They used computer models the amount of energy they would have able get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . Without fire, a group would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did . Instead, they were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains, they say .
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents, from personal to official ones . 32% of Brits ignore all the other available options and simply keep physical documents stacked in piles at various places around the home . An ultra cautious 4 per cent have safety deposit boxes, said the survey .
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain in March 2011 . Thusha Kamaleswaran, five, was playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop in Stockwell . She was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine . Bryan and Gino Sawyers subjected two women to 'ruthless attack' at knifepoint . They were both sentenced at Croydon Crown Court after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary .
Daryl Scott Donohue tried to hire someone to kill his wife, not once, but twice . Over the course of their marriage he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill her for money . After dating for about a year the pair started to plan a wedding .
Researchers at Vanderbilt explored how best to minimise infection risk . Say current infection prevention methods are not effective . Also say there are alternative sources of bacterial exposure to the wound . Hand washing and other protocols mean surgical-site infections still pose a problem .
On a date in the 1990s the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation, food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill . Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up .
Lucy Southern was quizzed about sex life and asked if she wore stockings in bed . Claimed line manager Alex Nkoroi touched her, slapped her bottom and kissed her . He later stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen, hearing told . Brittania Hotels found both guilty of sexist discrimination by way of harassment .
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby . He and his father bet against favorite horse Gallahadion, which ended up winning the race . Sutton has collected a program from every Kentucky Derby since 1940 and keeps them in a binder at home .
Hamayun Tariq, a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in Dudley, shared images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make IEDs . Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals are neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room . The father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state'
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game - with one of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt . The 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . However, his look of confusion quickly turns into shock as he realizes who he's looking at .
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard to just walk or move, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing 5am Tuesday morning . The Venezuelan athlete crossed the race with a volunteer team, as well as physical trainers, and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am .
Carphone Warehouse's iD network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe . It will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans . The aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets . But boss Graham Stapleton told MailOnline the network is creating a platform for the network and in 'two to three months' time it will launch products that no-one else will have .
David Cameron will today promise an extra 600,000 childcare spaces . He will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier . The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions . They will double that for three- and four-year-olds in the next Parliament .
Hog’s Breath Café in Aspley was facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad . The diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it .
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28 . Items include the Issa dress as worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos, and at least 50 pairs of shoes . The auctioneers expect at least double the number of people they normally get on a sale day .
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women . The proportion of women facing charges seems to be higher than in years past, when female teachers often got a pass . There is a greater awareness among prosecutors, judges and the general public that students who are victimized by an authority figure, regardless of gender, experience trauma with life-long consequences .
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal . UK planned to turn off its own FM service by 2018 but the plans were shelved . Streaming has topped CD sales in revenue for the first time in the United States .
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and 'a large utility scale battery' in a letter to investors . Elon Musk thinks products such as this already exist, according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson . The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design .
More than a third of NHS trusts considering rationing surgery and other treatments . Several have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers . criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity . Procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement .
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal . Fiorina spoke at a public library in Council Bluffs, Iowa, on Saturday . 'I am not confirming the WSJ story,' spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online . The former pediatric neurosurgeon Ben Carson is expected to announce his candidacy on May 4 in Detroit .
President Obama will be sending an Armenian administration official this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks . But the White House still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey . Kardashian's Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, who has used her celebrity since at least 2011 .
Former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September . The 44-year-old has now enlisted the help of celebrity hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn . She helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 in 2009 . Leslie Barker, who stars in Sex In Suburbia, helped her lose weight .
The French are the most loved-up, sending more hearts than any other language . Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular . Australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji .
It's possible to turn a beach reader into a solar-charging device . Imagine a sunny getaway without worrying about bringing the correct adapter . Soothe sunburned skin with ice cubes made of aloe vera or by black or green tea .
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, died the day after he pleaded not guilty to charges of making criminal threats and battery . Stickler had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February . He had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned on taking his own life .
Teng Jiazhi takes 30,000 selfies with three passengers in lieu of a cab camera . Taxi driver starts work at 3am each day and takes up to eighty passengers a day . Uncle Teng uploads the photos to his page on a popular Chinese social media website .
Erica Avery, 17, was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet . The conditions of her release were just one month prior when she was first released on $100,000 bond . Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida . Cell phone video emerged on Tuesday showing them punching, kicking and pepper-spraying the girl before holding her down to be raped . Along with Dwight Henry,
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children . She claimed the rituals are part of her 'religion, culture and heritage' School blocked request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences .
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries using 'pretty make up' Her Instagram posts include severed fingers, rotting flesh and impaled limbs . She says that her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client .
Alice Barker, 102, snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen . She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows . But she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance . David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited Barker with her videos .
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet' Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground . Temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens, and could climb to 21C in brighter spots of the
Ukip leader spoke to Julie Etchingham on the seafront in Deal, Kent . He revealed his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details . As a schoolboy he 'always questioned authority' and kept children out of public . The 51-year-old also spoke about his battle with testicular cancer .
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died this month after buying pill online to slim down . Mother Fiona found drug in bag labelled with letters 'DNP' and illustration . Despite dangers, drug can be bought cheaply and easily online .
Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails, nuts, bolts and batteries . He also gulped down screws, nails and magnets during three year period . Doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed foreign objects . They will undergo 240 procedures to remove the objects, as well as a nine-hour operation to remove them .
Cengiz Güven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine on Gallipoli Peninsular . The hilltop battlefield cemetery will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day . Guven has been taking care of things at the site for the past four years . 'The army is here, we are here. It will be okay,' he said .
Lib Dem leader says Farage's 'mask is slipping' to reveal a man' talking about immigrants and ethnic minorities 'lashing out' David Cameron issued an appeal to people planning to vote UKIP to instead support the Tories in an attempt to block a 'toxic tie-up' between Laabiur and SNP . Mr Clegg condemned 'worrying' suggestion that his former coalition partners should seek to build a majority by appealing to people on the 'far right'
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure . Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoorst . Institution urged businesses to improve 'sun safety' by minimising workers' exposure in the middle of the day . More than half (59%) of those questioned reported having had sunburn at least once in the last year .
Surgeons removed giant internal organ weighing 6lbs (2.7kg) 45-year-old man was suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease . Condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand . Both kidneys beat previous record of 4.7lbs (2.1kg)
Holly Nicole Solomon hit her husband with their SUV because he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election . Bystanders called police during Sunday morning row to say she had been slamming the door of her Jeep repeatedly while yelling at her husband . She said she wanted to scare him off but accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake and hit him with the SUV . Daniel, 36, was taken to the hospital in critical condition after suffering a shattered pelvis as well as a torn artery . Barack Obama's 2012 opponent,
Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening America's 'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns . 'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said in a speech this afternoon . The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power 9,000 gallons, round trip .
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using a kitchen accessory in 2010 . Ms Bruce had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean he had no parental rights . The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, Mr boardwine is more than a spermillion donor and is entitled to be a part of his son's life .
Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire for failing to disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems . The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) took action against the supermarket last year after an investigation . ALDI failed to disclose the surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores . Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs warning of the charges are in tiny print .
Steve Spowart rescued five horses from flood water near Dungog, NSW . The animals were stranded in a field submerged in the floodwater . He paddled out on his surfboard, past trees, bushes and fences . Pictures show concentration on his face as he struggles to lead them out .
Trussell Trust said 1 million people were being fed from food banks last year . Labour and TUC have seized the figures as 'shocking' evidence . But Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the numbers .
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt . A call-out on their local radio station put the Chalwells in touch with Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years . 'Its an understatement to say it’s been an adjustment,' said Mr Chalwell .
President Tomislav Nikolic's plane began tumbling through the air on Friday . Co-pilot Bojan Zoric spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence' Plane landed safely back in Belgrade but he was forced to cancel visit .
Omar Hallak reportedly told students that Islamic State was not 'created' by Muslims but a plot against them by the West . Students wrote a letter to the principal when they discovered they had been banned from competing, and asked him to be 'fair' Al-Taqwa College, in Melbourne's outer western suburbs, claim he was discriminating against female students .
The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's or moderate dementia someday . The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average . Former Philadelphia Eagles fullback Kevin Turner suffers from Lou Gehrig's disease and led the lawsuit against the NFL .
£2.99 editing app is designed to help you edit your selfies intofection . FEMAIL tested the tools by Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff . 'Reshape' and 'resize' tools let you modify your figure by lengthening your legs, sucking in your waist or trimming down your arms .
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week . He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . The snake had escaped from its pillow case and slithered across Hatfield's stomach and off his bed .
Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a 'shots fired' call early on . Monday evening . He took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on Craigslist out behind Organica Herb & Tea Co., which he operates with his girlfriend . A judge will decide what penalty the citation carries .
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, shot himself in the leg before his arrest this morning . Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home . Also reportedly links suspect to murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, on Sunday . Officers found Kalashnikov assaultrifle and a suitcase hidden in his car . Suspect was found on a street in the 13th arrondissement with a bullet in his leg .
Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre . She has been prescribed anti-depressants and has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails, her lawyer says . The five-year-old's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran . Mr Lawrence said it is the most heartbreaking case he has ever worked on .
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia . The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . In some cases, 'customers' from outside EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant . migrants – desperate for a foothold in Britain – then claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise the child .
Seven costumes from the iconic 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 at auction at Nate D. Sanders on April 30 . They include a jumper and matching shorts set wore by Debbie Turner as Marta, two lederhosen-style outfits with straps that were worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich . Also included are a VHS cassette tape of the film signed by actor Dan Truitt .
Samantha Rawcliffe was diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder, an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms . 40-year-old suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May . In the days after the accident she feared something else was to blame . Tests revealed she was suffering the disorder for a year . She is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter .
EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered . They want to break up global population into 14 sub-population segments . Ten would be 'not at risk', two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’ It follows a conservation 'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer . He pinched laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . But he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a charge sheet . It contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name . The prolific thief has been sentenced to four years in prison .
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team . It uses their followers as an indicator of their allegiance . Arsenal have strong support in London and the south east . South America is somewhat surprisingly dominated by Arsenal . Manchester United have more followers in the backyards of Chelsea and Tottenham .
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' And humans have been eating it for thousands of years .
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May . He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne, which has the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . Doctors think he may be linked to the military-style revelry, though they have yet to find a cure .
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her Shropshire home . The 17-year-old had suffered an epileptic fit and was on medication . She had been studying film, performance, English and sociology . Her devastated mother said her daughter was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress .
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year . Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court . He was then released on bail but banned from attending the Roof Gardens nightclub .
Man, 27, ran into bushland after officers found a woman's body in his car . The man was driving Hyundai on Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley . Officers were shown chasing the man down and over a fence before pouncing on him . It has been confirmed police are investigating whether the body is that of missing Canberra woman Daniella D’Addario, 35 .
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' asked Daily Mail Online . 'Did you make mistakes?' she asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal . Moments earlier she answered a question about why her taxpayer-funded security detail had sped past exits for Manchester, New Hampshire airport and trekked to Boston . The Islamist terror group Ansar al-Shariah's attacks will likely be a thorn in Clinton's side throughout the 2016 presidential campaign season .
American Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition . She will then move to live with her fiancee, identified as Anne, later this year . If successful, she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa . Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading about it as a child . But it was only after meeting Anne online support group that she decided to make a move to the UK she 'has always wanted to call home'
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles . After the crash, he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away . The daredevil's son has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to DUI in South Dakota in August 2013 . He received a suspended jail sentence and paid nearly $600 in fines and his driver's license was also suspended for 30
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across a motorway during rush hour . The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road . Despite considerable damage, Don escaped unhurt in the ordeal .
446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 were children . They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today . It is one of the biggest maritime disasters since end of World War Two . The two Syrian men, aged 26 and 27, were among 90 survivors of the tragedy .
Dr Christopher Valentine was sacked nine years ago for photographing patients . His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off . Married doctor caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out .
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44 . The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005 . But they feel they have proved critics wrong because they are still together .
Ukip leader said 'millions' could arrive on boats in Europe over next few years . Insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees . His comments came as experts warned 30,000 migrants could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled .
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw has been tasked with finding a new presenter . Says Jeremy Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC despite Top Gear sacking . 54-year-old was due to appear on Have I Got News For You this month . But he pulled out of show earlier this month after fracas in which he was sacked . She said: 'It's serious and unfortunate what happened but there is no ban on Jeremy being on the corporation'
In 2013 the US Department of Veterans Affairs reported hearing loss as one of the most common ailments among veterans receiving disability compensation . Now scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition . They identified a gene, named Nox3, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss .
Kim Richards snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room . The star's son Chad was overheard talking to his mom pleading with her to go in to rehab, Daily Mail Online can reveal . Three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, who were there to support their mother, were shell-shocked by their mom's outburst .
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk . It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide in just seven years . The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape . They include gravitational waves - ripples in space-time - in the merger of the black holes .
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating . They include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads . The matches cost £5.47 ($7.99) from UCO's website and are available from the UK distributor Dalesman International.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined two fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001 . One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . Another is missing its tail and the middle of the tail - likely from birds . It suggests the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach 2.5 feet, to attract mates .
Laura Smith, 35, has been charged with DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication . A witness saw Smith drive her car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat and couldn't believe his eyes . Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started spraying him with pepper spray .
Belle Gibson admits her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' are lies . Her business empire in tatters has been destroyed and her online community is in doubt . She tearfully 'admitted' she may have been 'misdiagnosed' by a 'Dr Phil' The Women's Weekly says it did not pay for her interview and was approached by her 'people', the Melbourne 'corporate advisory' firm Bespoke Approach .
Raquel D'Apice created Yelp Reviews of Newborns after searching for something on the internet . The comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey wrote: 'Calling this a disappointment is an understatement' A fictional reviewer from New York City wrote before complaining about the 'long grueling hours' and lack of pay .
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day linking sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state . Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day . 23320 people died 'fighting for the national cause' since 1860 .
Ancient Egyptian papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, 100 miles south of Cairo . It contains a medical advice for how to tackle a 'drunken headache' One of the medical recipes offers advice for the treatment of a hangover . Text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant together .
Graeme Finlay insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked . Said he only swung his arms to defend himself when Ron Phillips went for him with his crutch .
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon . It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients .
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk when police stopped her Lexus . Mother-of-one had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of patrol car . She pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court . When officers breathalysed her she was three times over the legal limit .
RSPCA officers discovered the illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a farm . Footage shows the animals held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water . Three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined £40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences .
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses . They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are . Policy came about when officials realised gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls . So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor .
'N', who was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood, tells how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that made her a virtual recluse . She now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out, haunted by her life-changing nightmares . 'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it is happening again. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep,' she tells MailOnline .
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up . Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands . Tinder only allows two people to message each other if both parties express an interest by swiping right on the other's profile picture .
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year . Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will not receive his salary for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . This comes almost one year after he was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder . Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify .
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach . He suggested grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force' The price of failure could be lifelong pain for the parents, he said . Two teenage girls have refused to see their father for more than six years .
The long-awaited Apple Watch is set to go on sale on April 24 . The watch has an unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps . Finder's money expert Michelle Hutchison says key features are missing from the watch, such as an independent internet connection and water-proofing . A panel of five Australian technology experts found that the second version is far from perfect and are 'disappointed' with its functionality in 11 months .
PM said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking Tories . Tories were overhauling benefits system, increasing minimum wage and providing more free child care to help parents get to work . Single mum would have actually lost money if she had taken on any more work, PM said .
Christopher Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against employer BT . He and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation . Pair also admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses, and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims . Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was 'unlawful' - and added Star
Flight cancellations soared by 20 per cent and delays by 7 per cent in the first quarter of 2015, according to flight data specialist EUclaim . The number of delays also increased to 2,427 from 2,260 last year . Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far, with passengers suffering 64 incidents compared to 47 during the same period of time last year, an increase of 30 per cent . EasyJet hasn't fared much better, experiencing a 19 per cent rise in delays .
Shanice Farier, 22, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father . But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, Derby Crown Court heard . She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle', Judge John Burgess said . Judge ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
An Idiatrod sled dog who escaped from handlers in Anchorage has been found safe a month after running away . Alaskan Husky, Sarabi was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28 when she returns from traveling . The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church . Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 when she slid off the road and careened into a tree . Police concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions . According to her father, the little girl has been plagued by nightmares and daytime visions about the accident .
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014 . He wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work' - but later he noticed the boots behind her in that one shot . The image has sparked considerable debate on the website Reddit, with sceptics arguing whether it was modified, if there was a person standing behind the girl or if it was all a trick of the light .
Ian Walters is accused of murdering his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed . The 51-year-old's Mitsubishi ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree . She was flown to hospital but died two days after the crash in March last year . Walters was charged with his wife’s murder two months later – ten days after her funeral.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps in Poole, Dorset . 'Skull' deep-fried potato snack is about two inches tall and two-and-a-half inches wide . In the 1990s he found a 3D heart-shaped crisp, which he kept until it broke .
Brett Robinson, 32, 'letting inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts' She worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble' She struck up relationship with inmate, who has not been named, in nearby cell . In March, the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday and 'he kissed me so passionately, I was taken aback', according to psychologists . She wrote inmate a love letter that began with him saying 'we don't have time to discuss this'
Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' The claim was widely reported by newspapers, while the BBC ran a headline on its website stating: 'Food banks used by more than one million people' But the Corporation also retreated yesterday, toning down coverage as the one million figure unravelled .
The 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler . He had to put his weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope . Trainer Terry Claybon, who was responsible for whipping the actor, said he knew he was 'figuratively hungry'
The Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet was bought by actor Peter Ustinov in 1962 . It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel . The car is expected to fetch £1million when it goes up for auction at Bonhams .
Queen Letizia welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to Casa Real . Lunch is second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen . The 42-year-old presented author Pedro Manas with his prize during awards .
James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble . It will be able to see back to 200 million years years after the Big Bang . Project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $8.8 billion, far higher than the initial estimate of $3.5 bn (£2.33 billion) But Nasa has promised to keep next-generation telescope on track for October 2018 launch .
Baboucarr Ceesay believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK . His aunt Jessica Sey has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 900 migrants . She said her two daughters were 'absolutely gobsmacked' by news of 21-year-old's death .
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of a church . She was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother as they did . He lunged at her, knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat . But he stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened .
Male competitors on the survival show tracked down and killed a crocodile . However, suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered croc . Animal's exact numbers in the wild are unknown but conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered .
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer is the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994 . The charity has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants . This follows the first leg of the campaign, which starred Abbey Clancy, 29, Alice Dellal, 25, and Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28 .
Food website Food52 offers simple and delicious lunches for British workers . Each recipe is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep meals 'both interesting and pretty' If you're after something simple, cheese, crackers and charcuterie will do the job .
The body of Claudia Lawrence, 35, has still not been found . Police launch fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts . A man in his 50s and from York area was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .
1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III is being auctioned in Buckinghamshire . It will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored . The restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to former glory .
Trooper Abraham Martinez was suspended for three days without pay for the unconventional maneuver in December 2012 . The maneuver unfolded after a 10-year veteran trooper ran toward Steven Gaydos after he fled from authorities in Houston . Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car as he tried to put down his kickstand .
Underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together . It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder . Seal fur provides less insulation than caribou fur to prevent the wearer from sweating and causing the material to become damp, and later freeze in the cold .
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33 . Her decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, located near Picton, south west of Sydney . Duffy told the court his former partner Rachel Evans was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill' He said Duffy had only disposed of her body while his co-accused, Evans, had initiated the violent act .
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas . But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness . Poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below . Ironically, he was recognized for playing Paul in his school's production of A Chorus Line in the musical . In the musical, Paul falls and suffers a knee injury during a
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag . The body of the loving father was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State . Lawsuit claims the Brown Mortuary accidentally put the body of Robert Petitclerc in the coffin by mistake .
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, may have her home torn down by the city of St. Louis, Missouri . Taylor was a member of the first African-American family in her neighborhood . Now the house and 49 others may be bulldozed, so the city may try to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency .
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . He described a period between May and July 1944 when around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to Auschwitz . The former SS sergeant was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains . Eva Kor told how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the camp .
Belle Gibson was a fan of the wellness blogger and followed her story of cancer survival at the Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards last year . She has finally admitted she faked her diagnoses following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire . Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception . In an interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies .
Damning report branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' In January the watchdog placed it in special measures . CQC ignored a second, far more positive spot check when it published first report . Inspectors returned to check up on two wards a week before first report came out . They found major improvements and praised nurses for treating patients with dignity . But watchdog will upgrade report to 'require improvement' and publish glowing report today .
54 per cent confessed they did not know that Lyme disease affects pets . The nervous system, joints and heart can be affected and symptoms may be misdiagnosed as other conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis . Ticks in undergrowth are likely to attach to deer but can also be found on foxes, badgers, mice, birds as well as domestic pets - responsible for carrying ticks into urban areas .
Glasford, Illinois high school hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . The staged event used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . Playing one of the injured students was Alanni Young who was sprayed with makeup that realistically looked like blood .
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield . Plane was being put through its paces when it crashed just 50 metres from spectators . Witnesses said that the burning wreckage of the plane was extinguished . He was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team and a regular at UK aerobatics competitions, winning over 40 medals, and 'handled exactly what he was doing'
Rolly Robinson, 17, from Beauty High, transforms himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike in a new video tutorial . The editorial designer used light base coat of make-up to even out his skin before contouring his face with darker and lighter pigments .
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for illegal immigrants . Knight, a former cop-turned-lawmaker, was captured on video threatening an anti-immigration protester with violence . Man named 'Mike' accused Knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake .
Former first minister boasted he was writing Labour's budget . SNP slapped down Scottish leader Jim Murphy who is bidding to become MP . He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' at fundraising event . David Cameron and Boris Johnson joined forces to warn of looming crisis .
Peter took six-months to write the letter because he was 'too angry' to write it all down in one sitting . 8-year-old Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and the Ukraine . He also suggests the United States bomb Syria .
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday . She recommends Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . 60-year-old has previously been accused of cashing in after daughter Kate .
Affleck appeared on Finding Your Roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner . He asked for that information be withheld from a PBS show about his family history . The Academy Award-winning actor then pushed the network to leave that information out in a post on Facebook . Today he apologized for asking producers to leave out the name of his distant relative in the post .
Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet lost consciousness and others felt dizzy and sick . SkyWest initially claimed that the plane landed 'out of an abundance of caution' The airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight' A nurse assisted one passenger who passed out, got her oxygen and prayed .
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time . The experiment was using a CRISPR/Cas9 germ line editing technique . It wanted to edit the gene responsible for -thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, which can't develop into babies . But the researchers involved said that their results revealed 'serious obstacles' in using the technique to downplay concerns .
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look her son in the eye when he testifies during the civil suit, according to attorney Doug Sheff . Hernandez did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract . He was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013 .
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh was maimed and nearly killed when police stormed the home where they were living and tossed a flash-bang grenade into his crib last spring . The child's family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million . $538,000 will be set aside for future periodic payments of damages, which will be paid to Bou Bou after he reaches 18. $137,000 to his father for his personal injuries .
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn around 2pm Wednesday . He completed only two-thirds of a mile into the waterway . Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge its cleanup . The Environmental Protection Agency says contaminates including PCBs, which were banned in the US in 1979 .
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour . Deputy PM admits he 'made some mistakes' during the campaign . But insisted he was looking forward to rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back' Comes as he appeared on ITV's Lorraine to confess he had made 'mistakes'
Former Tory chairman attacked David Cameron for not being a 'real man' He said the PM had never had a proper job before entering politics . Also suggested Tory voters vote tactically for Labour in Scotland .
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14 . She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency . Offences have not yet been formally put and she has not entered pleas .
Images emerge of a media activist brutally murdered by ISIS in Syria . They were released by Halab Media Centre which specialises in Syria war . It has released sickening images and videos of the terror group murdering activists . Groups have been hugely successful in helping to unite and inspire resistance .
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine . When she refused to give her captors' name, police checked her ID and found she was out on bail . At this point she became violent and tried to head-butt a deputy sheriff . Officers discovered a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the police car, concluding that she had 'bitten' the cruiser .
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . But agricultural minister pointed out it was difficult to prove otherwise . Last northern European country had been where bestiality was legal .
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back . He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective . It was revealed that the postman had had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home after police raid . Luxury apartment puts apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims . The 86-year-old transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son . Comes after outcry over decision not to prosecute former Labour MP . Victims and leading politicians accused Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in justice system .
Emily Grimson, from Shopshire, is one of Britain's most successful models . The 25-year-old has only been modelling for a year . She's on course to become a hand supermodel after her high-earning hands featured in product videos for Bosch .
Chloe was snatched from a playground in front of her mother's eyes by 38-year-old Zbigniew Huminsk in Calais, France, on April 15 . She was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol . The girl's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . Mourners gathered at St Peter's today where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for many who could not fit inside .
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 pilots involved in the air strikes a Bentley . Raids appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop . Saudi forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop advances from the Shiite Houthi rebels, who are allied with Iran .
Woman who has fled Syria says women are forced to cover up in a burka . She says she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking rules enforced by IS . 'This is all forced on us by IS, nothing at all of a woman is revealed' 'I'll join them. Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
More than 27 per cent of Australians shop online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to sign for online orders when they arrived at home . Of those surveyed, most admitted to online shopping up to twice a day and 13 per cent will click through online stores three to four times a week . Three-quarters of Aussies will spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year .
Ukip leader admits he has a 'preference' for Australians over Eastern Europeans and Somalians . He said: 'People from India and Australia are in some ways more likely to speak English, understand common law and have a connection with this country' Comes after Farage demanded refugees fleeing to Europe are sent back .
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi - former Melbourne man Neil Prakash - has been named as a key figure in the investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday . Now he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia . Despite the militant's vitriol, the local headlines surrounding anti-Muslim headlines have focused on Sydney woman Stacey Eden, 23, standing up for a couple being bullied on the train .
They are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home . But paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations, too . They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks .
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty of killing Stephen Delicino, 59, and Robert Haney, 56, over a one-year span . She then abused their corpses by feeding them to her pigs at her farm in Jackson County, Oregon . Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter' The case will be appealed .
Angelina Jolie recently said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes 'remains an obstacle for many women' The actress underwent a double mastectomy in 2013, was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $3,000 (£2,000) The company behind Color Genomics is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations .
Dr Mehmet Oz, 54, is a Harvard-educated doctor who joined the faculty at Columbia University in 1993 . He has been hosting his daytime talk show since 2009 . Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging him to resign because he is 'acharlatan who promotesquack treatments' On Friday, Dr Oz will sit down for an interview on NBC's Today show .
The family of Stephanie Scott's accused murdered have offered their condolences ahead of her funeral on Wednesday . Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland . Her mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation . A memorial service for Ms Brown will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west at the venue where her wedding was due to be held .
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited Advantage day nursery in Surbiton . Pair broke up puzzle showing Tory plans to double free childcare for children . When they tried to put it back together, it proved to be more difficult than expected .
Anonymous waitress has recounted how New Zealand PM kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . John Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions . Waitress had been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland .
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens . Czech politician says he is entitled to take control of 'unclaimed' territory . Liberland is the third smallest sovereign state in the world, behind Vatican City and Monaco .
The three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City . Kim Kardashian brought the dramatic flair in a Sophie Theallet Evening Dress .
Professor David Healy argues that the idea that most popular antidepressants raise serotonin levels in the brain is 'nothing more than a myth' SSRIs were introduced after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression . In the late 1980s the drugs took off because they were weaker than old-style tricyclic tricyclis . But in the 1990s there was no evidence that treatment corrected anything . The controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs, which had been proved to work in trials and the ‘
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside . They gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in Shanxi province, central China . The couple are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of kind-hearted donations .
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave . 'He may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says Quentin Letts .
Skin Laundry's Light and Laser laser facial will leave your skin 'glowing', while promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring . 'Although rare, potential risks include blistering, crusting, itching, pain, bruising, skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation, burns, infection, scabbing, scarring and swelling,' reads the waiver clients sign on an iPad before beginning . Then, of course, there are the more fatal risks, however, .
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky brain surgery on Wednesday to remove the tumour on his brain . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy him more time . Jackson's story made national headlines this week, with strangers digging deep to help the family, donating more than $95,000 in just over a week .
Dr. George Nagobads, 93, who team doctor for five U.S. men's Olympic hockey squads, was allegedly mugged on Sunday afternoon . He was laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave when he was 'attacked by a snowbrush on Sunday' He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head .
St. Regis Abu Dhabi is the second hotel in the UAE capital, overlooking the Arabian Gulf . The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator . Luxury suite includes in-room spa, sauna, Jacuzzi, two treatment beds, two treatments beds and an exercise room .
Young Lucas fan wrote to George Lucas asking if he would allow Jedi Knights to marry in the future . Rule states that Jedi can only be married in order to lead them to the 'dark side' 'I don't like that a Jedi cannot get married. I want to get married without becoming a Sith. Please change the rule,' he wrote . His mother filmed the response as he opened up the package .
11 leading figures say CPS has double standards for not prosecuting Lord Janner . At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 . MailOnline revealed some paedophiles, including several too ill to enter a plea, have still been prosecuted . Politicians have written to a national newspaper to demand the decision be reversed amid public concerns .
Ed Miliband said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month 'mansion tax' But he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one house . His four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for nanny . He faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down size of home .
James Clawson, 38, and Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, all face felony conspiracy charges . They allegedly set up a GoFundMe page claiming that their daughter, Sofia, had a heart defect after surgery . When shared by KESQ, the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000 . Friends told the page that they had their suspicions because their stories did not seem to add up .
Sgt Daniel Knapp received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan . Marines have strict policy on body ink, but he has been denied re-enlistment . He is considered a Tier 1 Marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance . His predicament highlights a generational disconnect on attitudes towards ink .
Hundreds gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, on Wednesday to pay their respects to Stephanie Scott . The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday . Her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt, her mother Merrilyn, father Robert, and her siblings .
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, has been charged with three counts of sexual assault . Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys at the high school in Valdosta, Georgia . All three admitted to having sex with the career and technical instruction teacher and male students .
Jonah Willow was playing chess when he was five after seeing his sister Hambel, then eight, playing for fun against their father . After two hours of play, Alexander Cherniaev, 45, shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw . 'The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said Jonah's proud father Simon Scott .
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis . Poverty-stricken grandmothers are growing it, and what stays behind is ruining lives of drug-addled teens . 'We don't care where it ends up,' says farmer Stacey Dooley . Cannabis now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive cocktail known as nyope .
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital . Demons were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal .
Samantha Fleming, 23, was asleep when the doorbell rang on April 6 in Anderson, Indiana . Police say woman Geraldine R. Jones, 36, pretended to be a social worker to steal the baby and claim it as her own after faking a pregnancy . Jones has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement . The woman was hospitalized for depression and suicidal thoughts but has been waived extradition .
CCTV shows Ronan Ghosh attempting to smuggle goods out of the store in a bag . The 39-year-old head a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million . He was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend . His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
Tesco’s clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . It is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . Aside from the lace bust, the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester . The cheaper materials mean it can be handwashed at home .
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year . Record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving in droves . Immigration Secretary Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night .
Twelve cases resulted in pilots requesting priority landing, one flight diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call . One incident report in February noted: ‘Fumes in cabin. Eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight, with symptoms of light-headedness, nausea and "sea sickness." Oxygen administered. Aircraft returned. Details emerged in report broadcast last night by ITV News .
Marcus Copeland, 44, used his position to inflate the salaries of five of his clients and help them obtain mortgages totalling £686,000 . He and his wife Yvonne spent a year trying to persuade a farmer to sell them an elevated plot of land . The father-of-two was once named best mortgage broker in the Midlands and Wales .
Sally Lutkin had a rose surrounded by the names of Harvey, seven, Harvey Junior, six, and Cooper, one, tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013 . But the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk . Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to her bone . She was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design, as well as an unsightly scar .
Marine Le Pen, 46, says it shows her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic . The recognition comes at an eventful time for her father, Jean-Marie, who she recently announced she would oppose her father on his candidacy in France's regional elections in December . Earlier this month, Le Pen Snr, who founded National Front, infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti-Semitic remarks .
Number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise . Fiona Steane, 50, has 3ft long hair, Melanie Brown, 60 and Vanessa Thorpe, 40 with 2ft 10in of hair . Twiggy stood up for older women with long locks in London .
The strapless dress is a staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow . But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a comfortless dress?
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 . It helped with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance . After carrying 600 troops back to Britain, the boat returned to London . The boat is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute . But London fireman David Rogers spent six years restoring it .
Biologists from Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany, used cells from fruit fly embryos to study the healing processes in skin . They found that the skin cells on either side of the wound begin by 'sniffing' each other out to find their opposing partners . The cells then develop adhesive like structure made of microscopic tubes that pull them closer together so they interlock like a zip .
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to perform the surgery in China . He hopes to have a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease . If Europe and Russia say 'no", the surgery will be done in the country . But critics say his plans are a fantasy .
Blake, 27, welcomed first child with Ryan Reynolds in January . Has been promoting roles in Age Of Adaline, in which she stars with Michiel Huisman and Harrison Ford . Says losing weight is not something she has spent much time focusing on .
Claims were revealed in FBI files obtained through Freedom of Information requests . Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post in 1969 by calling her 'emotionally unstable' John Agar also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . The couple married when she was 17 and were photographed two years later . Agar's petition said that she had endured 'grievous mental suffering'
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday . The suspect in the case was found dead just hours later dead . While police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide . He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
Labour leader Ed Miliband gets a taste of what it might be like to be a member of One Direction . A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for him on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom . The unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader .
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful . Instead argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering .
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people his own money . 'I don't need your f***ing money, you a******,' he said, before throwing the money at the man . The actor said he wanted to 'flip the script' and wanted to give money to the homeless .
Writer Scott Keyes, 28, reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights, and spoke to MailOnline Travel about his top tips for travelling 20,000 miles on 21 flights . He will stop by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America, and only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get those . Keyeses recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles .
Thames Bath Lido will sit near Blackfriars Bridge in two years . Plans have moved far quicker than initial ten-year initiative to clean up Thames for swimmers with the aid of artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams .
Devon pub landlord James Boase had been drinking with a friend in March . The 36-year-old told Torquay Magistrates' Court he had been 'sleep walking' He claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and awoke next to his car . Prosecutors insist he failed to stop after a car crash in March last year . Boase, who has two previous convictions for drink-driving, has been remanded on unconditional bail until May 12 for a pre-sentence report .
Ed Miliband has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader online . He has attracted 3,500 followers and even branded the account 'so funny' Images include Marlon Brando, Harrison Ford, Neil Armstrong and Poldark .
Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . The 56-year-old ESPN reporter will make her first appearance on April 30 just before the NFL draft . Smith, 56, also revealed that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head . She will also interview Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft in Hawaii .
Memphis City Council agreed Thursday that Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie can be moved from the estate to a site nearby . It means tourists to Graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets . They are to form a new museum about Elvis's dead singer .
Miles Thomas was born with flat-head syndrome where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out . At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome' This in the early stages of the condition, caused by babies sleeping on their back . NHS does not pay for treatment, instead parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day .
The three ex-cops were caught on camera smoking marijuana in a new video released by YouTube channel Cut . The video shows them smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug, eating snacks, and playing games .
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal, 22, 20 times . The attack was justified in Islam, claiming: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife' Ms Riaz kept both relationships from her strict parents . Muhammad Khan was acquitted of assisting an offender at the Old Bailey .
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14 . Siler is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . A billboard paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association has been erected featuring a photograph and his dog . 'I felt like they were saying thank you for killing Aaron,' said family friend Kathy Willie .
The Yeatman is Portugal's first wine hotel built into a hill overlooking the Douro river . The Bacchus suite boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling, copper Jacuzzi, fireplace and rotating bed . Public spaces inside the five-star hotel include the lobby and Dick's Bar .
Tom McTevia's ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses said . A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge . He had been left paralyzed in another ATV accident in 2004 when he was an Orofino police officer . Despite his physical challenges, he continued to live an active lifestyle and continued to kayaking, hunting, skydiving and cycling by operating the bike with his hands
Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave . He has been blamed for sparking violent riots in South Africa over past two weeks . The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing . Seven people have been killed in the last couple of weeks as the streets turn to battlefields running with blood .
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters . The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president . On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have
Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap . The cat was left hanging for two hours and RSPCA were unable to coax him out . Firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free . Marv was shaken by his ordeal but uninjured and reunited with his daughters .
Philip Garrod, 43, was caught doing the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike . He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding . But he began weaving a web of lies after asking judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban .
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York . The blog features photos and stories of subjects in the industry, often accompanying them with inspirational quotes .
General Allen Batschelet says as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . Of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country in 2014, only 72,000 qualified . CDC says 81 percent overweight boys and 71 percent of overweight girls believe they are just the right weight . recruiters will spend time educating hopefuls on diet and exercise and encourage them to lose pounds necessary to qualify for boot camp .
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network, an anti-vaccinations lobby group, posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday . The tag line read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over over your own choices?' The post was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April . Parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to
Teenager set herself on fire after allegedly being raped by five men . She is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns . On Tuesday she reportedly set herself . on fire using kerosene, according to NDTV, to the shock of her brother .
The findings, in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), are based on a study of about 95,000 young people . All those in the study had older siblings .
Bizarre 'rainbow' crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon . It is the first crossing in Europe to mark the town's pride for gay community . But experts have warned painting different colours could have side-effects . World's first rainbow crossing has already been unveiled in Vancouver and Melbourne .
Former Scotland captain drove through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire . Hendry, 49, rowed with then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before driving, court heard . Police followed 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while he tried to drive home, Blackpool magistrates' Court told . His lawyer said his current income was 'meagre' and asked for extra time for client to pay fines and costs .
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services . For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person . The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010 .
Gang targeted girls aged between 13 and 16 at under-18s parties in Banbury . Offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape . Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to social media parties . Judge: 'You put on charity events to raise money for your football club'
A Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes Hillary Clinton think she can satisfy America?' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later . Trump's office confirmed it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible . The tweet suggests an undercurrent of crude jokes are being made at Hillary's expense .
Five nursing students from Georgia Southern University tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia . The tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames, authorities said . Three people were injured and seven vehicles were damaged in the crash .
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a 7-year-old . 'I've always loved him, the same as my other children. My commitment to him is for his whole life,' said Connie Going .
In your generous double room, you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and smart bathroom . There is just one catch, however. The leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it . Flat hunters hoping for a bargain in Peckham, south-east London, had their expectations thoroughly managed by an honest letting agent .
Federal judge John Koeltl said incendiary ad is free speech protected under the First Amendment . MTA Chairman Thomas Prendergast said he 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers' The MTA is disappointed in the ruling and is preparing a response . Last year, a pro-Israel lobby group headed by firebrand blogger Pamela Geller filed a lawsuit against the MTA .
Enormous 15-foot sinkhole opened up on Earl Street, Northampton, at 2pm . Blocked by police as passers-by swerved out of the way of the huge hole . One eyewitness said the road 'gave way really slowly' as people watched .
Delta flight from Paris to Newark Airport had a turbulent time in the air before it made an emergency landing at Logan Airport in Boston . Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing . The plane was unable to land at Newark then attempted to . land at JFK in New York but this also proved too difficult . Finally the pilot flew to Boston and the plane landed safely .
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . Inside the aircraft, the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats – the work of Italian design Iacobucci .
Angelina Jolie, 39, and Brad Pitt, 51, booked out an entire floor at Hilton Malta while filming their upcoming film By the Sea . Five-star hotel on waterfront of Portomaso boasts views over twinkling blue waters, relaxation suite, two squash courts and floodlit tennis court . The couple, who have six children, have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy .
The eight-year-old picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground in Bennett, Colorado last week . His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing . Bennett School District Superintendent Dennis Veal would not say if the school district was liable for health insurance payments to cover the child's treatment .
Labour leader will pledge to ‘restore Britain’s commitment’ to EU . Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe . He will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’
Johnny Depp plays Boston gangster James 'White' Bulger in the film . The 51-year-old was arrested in 2011 after 16 years on the FBI's most wanted list . Depp compliments his host, played by actor David Harbour, on the steak they're eating .
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by the New Zealand PM while she was working at a cafe in Parnell, east of Auckland . Amanda Bailey wrote on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . But after the blog was published on Wednesday, Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite . 'I don't want to be your inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day .
Over 300,000 people have downloaded a book and app called Whole Pantry . The book was launched by Wendy L. Patrick PhD . Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness .
A new investigation reveals details of Ivan Milat's first crime . The 70-year-old was jailed for butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 . His brother, Boris, tells program how the killer could have been saved . Milat, 70, has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years .
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . Had already used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl . Has been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping .
Woman, 20, told police she had been kidnapped and raped days before . Masood Mansouri, 33, accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault . Chester Crown Court shown video-taped interview she gave two days after incident . Five days later she overdosed on her mother's blood pressure tablets .
The fox was pictured vying for a large deer bone on a frozen lake in Furen, Japan . When a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle . The two foxes were pictured as they swooped down with their claws bared at him .
Michael David Ikeler, 36, of Torrance, was arrested April 9 and has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl . A neighbor saw CCTV footage of his white Nissan Altima altering the appearance of his car, which looked the same, just over two hours later . Witnesses say she was screaming and putting her hands over her eyes . Detectives worked around the clock to find the kidnapper responsible for the 'horrific attack' - he had been
Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020 . This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade . Think-tank said Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events'
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, fell down stairs carrying wedding decorations . She broke her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . Her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . The family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate .
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011 . Its lawyer argued that the name was a healthy reappropriation of a term usually considered a slur, much like the lesbian motorcyclist Dykes on Bikes, which did get a trademark . The U.S. appeals court said that there was evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent .
London-born Tom Sturridge stars in the West End play American Buffalo . Up until now, he's had a relationship with Sienna Miller up until now . The pair got together in 2011 shortly after she split from actor Jude Law . He is currently treading the boards in the movie adaptation of Jack Kerouac's On The Road with Kristen Stewart and Garrett Hedlund .
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, was last seen at a hotel shortly after his wife was killed on April 12 . Patrons called police April 12 after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts . Patel allegedly beat his wife to death with a kitchen knife inside the fast-food chain . He faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and a $20,000 reward is being offered .
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday . The woman pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store . Snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the snake and released it back into the bushland .
Journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey about his past . The 50-year-old said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview . Campbell, Bieber and Peter Andre all cut their chat time short .
Ashton Taylor has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson over her lie . The Perth student was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in July 2013 . Miss Taylor has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angioblastoma . She has been in and out of hospital after being told she has terminal cancer . Gibson's app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people and gained worldwide attention because of her remarkable story about brain cancer survival .
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 . Two years on, the joey has convinced himself that he is a dog . Dusty rides around the property in the back of his truck along with the dogs, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can . He has also picked up some very canine-like habits .
Benidorm is the package holiday Mecca famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky . But the mass-market resort wants the same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China . Sociology professor Mario Gaviria, the force behind the application, argues it should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all .
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth . She tried to silence her in front of other nursing staff at Kent and Canterbury Hospital . Also poured water over widow, telling other staff: 'If they do it to you, you can do it' Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial - but avoided a prison sentence .
Rupa Huq said fellow candidates ‘sticking their noses up’ at Tony Blair . Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March . Huq actively campaigned against the war, boasting about the fact on her website . But she has not returned the cash to Mr Blair, despite campaigning heavily .
The fire took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm . The building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected, according to local media . An investigation into what was behind the blaze continues .
Three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream . Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes .
Two conmen caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old's savings on March 17 . Pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . Posed the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave cards in envelope for 'couriers' to collect . Two hours later, the conmen were filmed using same cards, laughing and joking . West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice .
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis takes up second job as Uber taxi driver . Taxi app is a regular user of the taxi app and sent fans a application yesterday . Francis plans to work for the taxi firm during the off-season to earn more cash .
Militants fighting for Boko Haram released first images since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Images show jihadis casually posing in front of terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles . Release suggests Middle East-based militants have taken full control of ISIS propaganda . Over the last six years, the terror group have killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in a battle to establish an Islamic caliphate in Nigeria .
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing bets on his own horses . When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey . He and his second wife Penny Ann fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts . A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of winnings . But now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by allowing him to avoid huge tax bill .
Michael Rapiejko's dashcam video showed him mounting curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia . Valencia was left with no choice but to use potentially lethal force, according to a new recording obtained by NBC station KVOA . The officer had warned two officers on the street and business nearby that they were either 'shoot him or run him over to stop the threat'
Zoo officials say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived . This spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, she failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently hand-reared in an incubator . The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs .
Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation will re-fil some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . Bill Clinton received $500,000 for a Moscow speaking engagement with Renaissance Capital, while his wife ran the company . A company run by the chairman of Uranium One, a majority stake in the company, gave the Clintons' family philanthropy millions . Canadian businessman Ian Telfer donated $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation .
Brendan Cordina's grandfather passed away when he was 12-years-old . He drove for four days to find medals in Darwin Military Museum . The 36-year-old was refused the medals and told they 'were more important' Medals include an Airforce Cross, War Medal 39-45 Star, a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others .
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
Unidentified 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock . She was dragged into a garden where she was raped and left for dead . Victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in Leeds . West Yorkshire Police treating crime as a rape and attempted murder . They are scouring the area for clues as to his whereabouts .
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain . She struggled to understand things in her mind, and felt lost . Surgeons at Skullbase Institute in Los Angeles discovered the growth was an embryonic twin with bone, hair and teeth . The expert has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas .
Baseball slugger Barry Bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court . A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday . The ruling said his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution .
Rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella has been banned from returning to his family in Australia after the government's visa was cancelled last year . The Federal Court this week ruled that Vella must pay all costs after he was stranded in Malta . Police say Vella is involved in drug dealing, kidnapping, extortion and firearms offences . He has been described as a Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle . Federal Court documents obtained by Daily Mail Australia say he led
Google launched Project Fi, a wireless network that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks today . The service will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate . Service will only be sold to a narrow US audience that owns the Nexus 6, a smartphone that Motorola Mobility made with Google's help .
The alarm failed at George H.W. Bush's Houston residence in September 2013 . Secret Service bought replacement alarm in January 2014 - despite agent's recommendation that it be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' Bush tweeted that he has 'great respect' for the Secret Service .
The three men in their 50s are all from the York area . The trio were questioned over night by police investigating Miss Lawrence's disappearance . Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in connection with her murder . Officers are currently looking for evidence which could lead to her body .
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the IPCC is pictured here . 'A middle-of-the-road warming scenario is more likely, at least for now,' said Patrick Brown, a doctoral student in climatology at Duke University . They claim that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors .
Nearly 3.8million crimes recorded by police last year, an increase of 2 per cent . Rapes and other sex crimes logged - up by a third to 80,200 or 220 a day . Experts say rise partly because victims 'more willing' to report crimes . Police watchdog recently found a fifth of crimes were not being logged properly .
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin . Pilot was 'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment, the report read . He was also told that the children on board were 'excited and a little disruptive' during the flight .
Mother-of-three Marissa Holcomb was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31 . Two days later, a armed robber held up the till demanding $400 in the till . Popeyes said she should not have allowed so much cash to remain in the register at one time . Holcomb has been out of work for almost a month and is unsure whether to take it back . Store bosses said it was against policy to have such an amount in register .
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child in coming days - providing a little brother or sister to Prince George . Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two children under two . They include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people .
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum is becoming a popular tourist destination . More than 250,000 people have visited the site this year, a rise of more than 40% . Director of the Museum says the site has become 'the symbol of evil' Visitors are advised to book ahead in order to avoid congestion inside the site .
Ben Thurlow shoved emergency worker Rebecca Hudson as he tried to treat head injury . 23-year-old shoved her in Driffield, East Yorkshire, as she tended to wound . Emergency crews called and two officers were forced to escort Thurlow in ambulance . But on the journey to hospital he once again attacked her by knocking her over . Thurlow given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months .
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book . In In the Eye of the Royal Story she says she couldn't notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was' She claims that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the Prince . Claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in his hotel suite .
Chairman Sir David Walker defended bank's decision to pay out £1.86bn in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees . Chairman claimed bank needed to pay ‘competitively’ to attract the best talent . Shareholder Phil Clarke said: 'Employees should share the wealth created by great companies'
Gareth Blanks, 31, was walking home after buying a chocolate bar . He was approached by three men and one woman and snatched hat . When he tried to retrieve the garment, one of the men punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body . Family say it will take him a long time to recover, and he has been left with deep mental scars .
Henry Rogers, 22, hit 18st at his heaviest and went vegan for a year . After shedding the pounds, he landed a job at a modelling job in Abercrombie & Fitch . Jamie Jewitt, 24, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday - he barely posed for photographs .
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world . Some refer to the ancient heritage of the city - and others refer to industry . The real stories behind them help you understand why Las Vegas is often referred to as 'Sin City' However the name came about before the Las Vegas was even built .
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria . It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . Device can be used to detect weapons and other contraband in planes .
Supermarket giant has announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion . Loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer . It reflects shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets to smaller budget stores . Tesco has been forced to slash value of property empire and sell off land cheaply .
Wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning . A white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury as he drove home from work . Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home . His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police .
Leaflet features prominently on the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa . It warns ISIS fighters about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike . He compared the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross . His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are 'comfy and good quality, unlike crosses'
The four cops were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they stopped a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider . The Samaritan Scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until NYPD cops showed up to sort out the scene .
Spanish lawyer has been 'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years . But she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years with . Nick Clegg has warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling Tories .
Bulgaria is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink .
The video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25 . He then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does . The camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost .
James Rebanks's family has been farming in the Lake District for at least six centuries . Every year, spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long, harsh winter . His Herdwick sheep, from animals that arrived with the Vikings, are built for the fells .
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California . Their attorney Gloria Allred said the meeting was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour . Kinney said she met Cosby at the age of 24 working in a Reno casino in 1970 . She says he fed her drugs and she woke up naked in bed with him .
Author Jon Krakauer sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape . Five women were profiled for his book about sexual assault at the University of Montana at Missoula, a national average of 80 per cent . Hillary McLaughlin, Beau Donaldson and Kelsey Belnap, were never charged for the alleged assault, but they were never prosecuted . Into the Wild is a critically acclaimed and highly acclaimed author who has written a book about the rap
Former first daughter addresses the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City on Thursday . 'We'll be even more transparent,' she said, defending her family philanthropy . The Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions of dollars from foreign governments in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary was at its helm . Hillary Clinton is Public Enemy Number One on the campaign trail, and they smell blood .
Eloise Parry, 21, swallowed the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol . After taking the tablets her metabolism began to overheat, she died three hours later . Dr Simon Cotton, a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how the drug is so dangerous .
The Bike Washing Machine contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning clothes inside like a traditional washer . A generator inside the machine also creates electricity which can be stored for future use . Chinese designers say the device is perfect for those struggling to find space for both of their devices . They say it could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable electricity .
Thenga Adams, flying from Georgetown, Guyana in South America, was arrested on April 7 after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage . When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine . This is the second time a person flying from Guyana was nabbed for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs .
Calf Nandi was born in Narnaul, northern India . He has five mouths and can only take in milk through two of his mouths . Locals have called him a nickname for Lord Krishna . Cows are revered in the Hindu faith .
The Residence is the President's office quarters, the East Wing belongs to the First Lady and her office staff . It costs $13 million a year from government funds, plus a hefty contribution from the First Family itself . Presidents and their wives have to pay for their own food and drink and that of their personal guests . Jackie Kennedy complained: 'We haven’t nearly as much money as you read in the papers'
Aimee Craven, of Hull, took Tesco product home after spotting it on train . Care worker had claimed the product, worth £20, was left by its owner . But police trawled through CCTV footage to track down mother-of-one . She was taken off train in Brough and taken away in police van after question . Mother says she is 'absolutely traumatised' and will likely receive a caution .
Temperatures were slightly warmer today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C . Met Office forecasters say the weather is set to continue into the week with rain expected across south west England and Wales . Forecasters predict 'wetter fronts' are set to end tomorrow, with rain in the south west and Wales expected to last a week .
Brett Robinson, 33, 'had sex with inmate six times over four months while working as a services technician at Washing County Jail' But a judge rejected her request to use insanity defense, saying she was suffering from mental illness at the time of alleged encounters . She 'made her gullible' and 'vulnerable, passive, unable to breathe' Her colleague Lisa Curry, 39, was sentenced to four years prison last month for repeatedly having sexual relations with a 25-year-old gang member and rapist .
Labour’s shadow education secretary answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’ He also confirmed Labour could fire thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers . Ed Miliband refused to publicly support Anas Sarwar when he chose to send his son to private school in Glasgow .
Florida mom Kristina Bewley took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September . They've been visiting the park monthly since . Each time the family visits, Giranelle puts on a new princess bought by her mother . 'It's become kind of an addiction. Since we live so close, we base our visits off one or two outfits,' she said .
On St George's Day, the party announced that it would make it a Bank Holiday in England . But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip . Party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country .
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday . The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide, NBC Bay Area reported . It is unknown how the whale died but it does not appear to have any broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma .
Two candle-lit vigils have been held in Valetta, Malta, to remember the 900 people who died on Sunday . The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800 . It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on Rhodes .
The six men were captured on CCTV as they carried out the raid in London's diamond district . Used the heavy duty Hilti DD350 drill to cut through a concrete wall into the strongroom . But the hole used by the gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high - meaning they would have had a squeeze to muscle their way into the basement .
Former Parma police chiefs Trish Cohen and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief, quit their jobs with the city . Cohen has said she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members . 'My decision was not, did not, come lightly. At all. I'd done never went to work in the town,' Cohen said .
Images show Liverpool fans rushing towards those crushed in tragedy . Police have released images at request of victims' families . They may be able to tell families more about how they died, police say . Previous inquests recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out in 2012 .
Lizzi Crawford overheard a stranger ask: 'Has she got a baby in her belly?' The remark inspired 32-year-old to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle . Reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers, pizzas and kebabs . Also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits . Lost over 7st and achieved her goal despite being diagnosed with cancer .
Bill Gates, the world's richest man, has defended meat eating . He said it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian . Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population as demand in developing countries increases .
Made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies . The tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store . Hermes is one of the most coveted handbags of all time .
European Parliament set to vote next week on introducing nutritional labelling . Under current EU regulations, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value of their products on the label . But winemakers argue that introducing labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs and hit smaller vineyards .
Mary Doyle Keefe, 92, died on Tuesday after a brief illness . She was poster girl for feminism and economic power during World War II . Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post in 1943 .
Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends . He was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch . The weapon would cause a victim to 'startle and repel', a court heard . Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons . Judge John Milford said: 'What he did was foolish. It must be realised that the court takes very seriously the bringing into this country'
Prime Minister repeatedly interrupted while answering questions on Radio 1 . Host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he would not win a majority . Listeners on Twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility'
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman . He was killed in a drone strike in January, the White House acknowledged . Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage .
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Labour is at the mercy of SNP . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has named her price for supporting Labour . She unveiled a £140billion 'ransom note' for Britain to drag Labour to the left . Treasury analysis suggests it adds £6billion to Britain's interest bill .
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face firing squad within days . Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners on Thursday . The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday .
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky . Paul crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, according to police . He was 'revving his engine' while sitting alone in a truck, police said . The 22-year-old did not have blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital .
Study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University questioned 705 pupils . Found anxiety ahead of taking exams and grades can be affected by grades . Researcher Dr Dave Putwain said: 'Training worry still predicted lower achievement'
Channel E4 will shut off for 12 hours on the day of the general election . Cult US sitcoms like Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off . Specially-produced advert will be played featuring 'Darren' - man in charge . E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month .
Welsh GP, Dr Arfon Williams, is now the only doctor available in two rural practices in North Wales . His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service . Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue .
Two men were caught trying to use what has become a familiar route taken by Australian jihadists going to the Middle East . Australian officials confirmed the arrest of the two men on Thursday . A new extradition treaty was struck on Wednesday during a meeting between Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu .
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous . They say it is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is so overstretched . Fire engines are routinely being turned into makeshift ambulances . In one case an elderly lady was feared to have died while paramedics were delayed .
Justine Jones, 44, left covered in huge sores after drinking Tesco wine . Mother Jan Jones had bought bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday . But despite being sealed, family were shocked when they inspected it further . Bottle was taken back by her mother who demanded it be tested and investigated .
Chinese traffic police release footage of unusual road stunts . Unidentified man hauls a minibus to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings . Footage was taken at 10am on March 19 in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980 . More than three decades after he was incarcerated, crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November .
Two massive blasts sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the sky . Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated . The ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source . Previous eruptions at Calbuco volcano have continued for up to a week .
Light general aviation aircraft approaches Aero Acres residential airpark . Aerostar plane touches down without landing gear deployed . propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as wings bounce up and down from the impact . Video maker describes the sound as 'one you will not forget'
European regulations call for organic farmers to use 'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution' The directives are set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway, which has caused vets to see red . organic farmers are only allowed to use mainstream treatments a maximum of twice per year, or their fish will lose its organic certification .
Study by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal . They simulated how self-driving cabs would affect traffic and free valuable real estate - equivalent to over 200 football pitches in Lisbon’s case . It comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology for driverless taxis .
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of causing the Wall Street 'flash crash' in May 2010 . Prosecutors believe he made £26million from illicit trades over five years . Sarao continued his alleged manipulation well into this year .
Robert Durst, 72, has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana . The ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win . He was arrested in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx about him . State and federal prosecutors had been discussing the possibility of the state case being dismissed, defense attorney Dick DeGuerin says . Durshe is also connected to the disappearance of his friend and writer Susan Berman in 1982 .
Pippa, 31, is extremely close to the Duchess of Cambridge . She says she still spends a lot of time together as a family . Carole and Ms Borrallo are already in charge of the nursery .
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) Scientists warn that this can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed with 40 per cent humidity . They advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks .
PM stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance ahead of a speech today . Conservatives battling against Lib Dems as they seek to wrest control . But he is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally .
Barry Beavis, 48, launched legal bid to overturn £85 fine in Essex car park . But judges ruled it was not 'extravagant or unconscionable' and vowed to appeal . Groups of motoring groups said the ruling was a victory for the parking cowboys .
A white powdery white substance was sent to U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily shut down . The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday, reports Triblive . Doyle said that the Capitol police were 'prompt and professional' The white substance had been cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the September 11 attacks .
Acro is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort in mind . Managing director Chris Brady, Acro said the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for occupants .
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, died in a building explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue on March 26 . The young man and recent college graduate was paying a blind date at a sushi restaurant when the explosion occurred . His mother, 55-year-old Ana, has spoken out for the first time since the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her . Nicholas's father, Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers say it still 'wants justice'
The Apostle converted to Christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice while traveling on a road towards Damascus in Syria . Dr William Hartmann, of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson, Arizona examined three accounts of Paul's conversion in the Bible . They say descriptions match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chebarkul in Russia in 2013 . The fireball was 18 meters across and screamed into Earth's atmosphere at 41,600 mph .
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, worries remain . In 2001 he had a ringside seat on Labour’s complete failure on immigration . Under Labour, for years, 90% of job growth was taken up by foreign workers .
Belle Gibson, 23, has admitted that her terminal cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly . She asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only 'human' Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes this is a common reaction from people suffering from anti-social personality disorder and narcissism disorders . 'A lack of remorse definitely fits in,' says Lamble .
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day . He then tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship ended . When she refused to pay bodybuilder, he mocked-up Facebook profile . The fitness fanatic was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence .
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off a $5 scratch off lottery ticket . She received the ticket during a lunch celebrating her friend's birthday . The friend who gave it to her has died, so she plans to share her winnings with the family of her friend, who has not been named .
Image shows Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth . massive young stars can be seen feeding nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . Hubble was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery .
On St George's Day we should 'celebrate everything it is to be English' But what does it mean that England has always been shaped by migration? FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have been brought to England by people from abroad .
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone . The trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first term alone . Says the Cambridge Weight Plan taught her how to eat like a normal person .
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust . She and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot were caught . Both were jailed last summer at Southwark Crown Court .
Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh . But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse . At least 1,400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 . NCA said force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims . It said they failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers . The review was launched in the wake of the damning Jay report .
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris . He claims he pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot the man as he fled the scene of a botched sting on April 2 . Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained . It is now emerged that when confronted by other officers over his erratic behavior in the field, he told them he could do whatever he wanted .
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances . One in five lied to a partner about what they earn, and four per cent admitted to lying in both ways .
The Lyrid shower is created by debris from comet Thatcher - which takes about 415 years to orbit around the Sun . It is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour . The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe but is most visible in northern hemisphere .
Candlestick Park has been home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers for 43 years . The iconic sports field was completed in 1960 and has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center . Joe Montana ultimately led the team to four Super Bowl victories while playing at Candlestick, and it did host eight NFC Championship games .
Picture shows one Direction member poised with a roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper . The same day he was seen returning to his hotel in disheveled state clutching a glass of water . It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band .
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . The meteor is visible around the world but best seen from Europe .
Male teacher was teaching fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico, when he made chilling remark around a week ago . Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher . Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students .
Survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison . Almost a quarter – 24 per cent –giving medication such as morphine and insulin had received no training . More than three-quarters asked for more training to cope with extra procedures . But only 49 per cent had received any training, according to Age UK .
U.S. Army Staff SGT welcomed Layka, a Belgian Malinois, into his Columbus, Ohio home this week . Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47 . Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory .
SBS reporter Ellie Laing hits back at claims she was hired for her beauty . In an open letter Laing slams a compliment suggesting she is 'attractive' She says it detracts 'financially' from the credibility and substance of the service she works for . Carroll denies hiring Anglo-Saxon journalists based on these standards .
Ramani Durvasula, a psychologist in Santa Monica, California, said that shopping at or assembling furniture can cause serious friction between couples . She decided to include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions . 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they assembled furniture together .
Lawyers for Michael Brown's family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday . The lawsuit had been expected . Attorneys for Brown’s mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson, who shot Brown . Brown led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives Matter' movement .
Grant Shapps accused of doctoring his own online biography . But senior Wikipedia administrator Richard Symonds, 29, was a former Lib-Dem member . He wrote on Twitter 'I don't know if 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry' Said he was not being political and the allegations were 'untrue' Other party members have warned the site should not be used to 'play politics'
Couple have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning Barholm Castle, in Dumfries and Galloway, into a castle home . John and Janet Brennan first stumbled upon the castle near Gatehouse of Fleet in 1997 when it was just a shell of crumbling stone walls . It took two years to complete the purchase, four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration . The house is now on the market for offers over £695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum .
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world . Others show North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the border with China . Images include a shot of US Army soldier SSG Norma Gonzales of 426 Civil Affairs Battalion waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in Kandahar, Afghanistan .
Female elephant became trapped in a muddy bog in rural southern China . More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the female elephant . Elephant could see the animal trying to push itself up using its front legs but the boggy ground kept .
Richard Harpin has given Tories £375,000 since 2008, records show . Mr Harpin is the chief executive of maintenance firm HomeServe . Firm sold families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information . Fine came on top of some £40million it is paying in refunds to thousands of wronged customers who took out policies .
Willa Junior fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13 . The airport worker wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice: 'I mean when I first started the job, we took naps' When the plane was forced to turn around, Junior called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds .
The flaw was discovered after a Samsung Galaxy S5 was 'leaking' fingerprints . It means that once a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder . Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from fireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco .
A farmer has constructed a rather suggestive hay bale structure out front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest Victoria . Bruce Cook, who owns Kaktus Point Charolais stud at the lake Charm, said police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint . The sculpture depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . Police are warning that Mr Cook could be charged with 'publishing pornographic images'
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat, a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock . Located about a mile off the mainland near the colonial town of Paraty, the private island has a private, 100-ft beach protected from the open ocean . Each guest room has incredible views of the bay of Angra dos Reis, where the island is located .
Jade and Aaron Badland got drunk at their wedding reception in Essex . They asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker . Pair were too drunk to remember what they had done at the reception .
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of Class A drug, hidden in a Kinder Egg . He was easily able to identify who sold him - as he has initials tattooed on his forehead . Last year he went into a branch of Barclays with a large bread knife .
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the device . It uses a newly designed catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel . The catalyst is more efficient at performing the crucial oxidation half of the reaction than any other existing material . But the first part of the process can be done quite efficiently - the latter was more difficult and lots of energy is lost .
Anne Jarmain's car was washed away after she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters in Maitland, NSW . The 86-year-old's body was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours later her great-grandmother was popping out for milk . After two days without power and with limited food supplies, Ms Jarmain insisted on making 'quick trip' into town . Family and friends of those who jumped in the water to rescue the women trapped in the car watch .
PM used a selfie stick for the first time during a visit to Cornwall . He lay out Tory plans for the southwest on a sleeper train from Paddington . During his visit he was presented with a Cornish t-shirt emblazoned 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Man located after Operation Resolve launched appeal on Thursday . Wanted supporters may be able to provide crucial evidence for the inquest . Images show Liverpool fans rushing towards those crushed in tragedy . Investigators say 'unusual' appeal is necessary as victims' families can answer questions .
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign . Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations from unions between April 6 and April 12 - twice as much as Conservatives . Tories said size of union donations exposed type of Government Mr Miliband would lead as Prime Minister . Nick Clegg received just £50,000 over seven days while Ukip took £8,000 .
Supermodel, 22, eats lean and green meals every day, with only the occasional 'cheat day' where she indulges in salty fried food . For dinner she prepares sashimi of grilled chicken with kale and cashew salad .
Edward Ronayne was a 'secondary victim' of botched Liverpool Women's Hospital surgery . He had described his wife's first two days in hospital as 'the worst days of my entire life' But he was left feeling tearful, overwhelmed, angry and powerless, court heard . The NHS is now fighting to overturn the £9,000 payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after a Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert . Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 products . The beauty industry is seeing an insurgence of all-manner of beauty woes .
Officer Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails in Red Rock, Texas . Johnson handcuffed 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was resisting him, so he threw her to the ground . The move immediately knocked Keith unconscious . Keith has been charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties .
Two GOP presidential hopefuls - Ted Cruz and Ben Carson - want the Clinton Foundation to return every dollar it received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago . Came after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the State's chief diplomat .
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment . They became friends and went into remission around the same time . Took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams’s bald head and another of her chest scar . Teenager was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month .
Stephen Munden, 54, targeted a toddler on a bus, has been missing since 6.15pm . He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire, on Tuesday . Officers believe that Munden may have shaved off his beard before leaving . Detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching three-year-old .
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean . Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was ‘at war’ with migrant traffickers . EU leaders will hold a crisis summit in Brussels today to agree a strategy .
Welfare and Diversity Officer Bahar Mustafa banned men and white people from a 'diversity' meeting at Goldsmiths University, London . The 27-year-old said she wanted to persuade academics to include more material relating to minority groups . Student newspaper The Tab said the ban had made it 'very difficult' for male students .
Women who carry a mutated version of BRCA1 or another gene known as BRCA2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent . Having an oophorectomy was associated with a significant drop of 62 per cent in breast cancer death in women with oRCA1 mutation . They were found to reduce a 65 per cent reduction in death from all causes . Women who had the gene removed within two years had a 73% reduction .
The president was honoring the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House on Thursday . But he couldn't help but get one last deflategate joke in - referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the AFC Championship game were under-inflated . Head coach Bill Belichick responded by giving the president a thumbs down . Missing from the occasion was Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady, 37, and the team's biggest star - Tom Brady . Brady didn't attend the ceremony .
Facebook has launched Hello, a new app designed to give you more control . It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user’s Facebook profile . Hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if they don’t have that number saved . Free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US .
Comcast to abandon bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today . The move comes after the FCC decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock . Cable's shares dipped slightly in trading on Thursday .
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today . The research was carried out by the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov .
The pictures were taken in a forest outside Moscow in Russia . They show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging the 650kg bear . Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living 'side-by-side' with bears . But in one picture, a model was pictured wearing a fur coat . In another, the bear wraps his paws around her while she is lying in the snow . It is not clear whether the fur is real .
John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents even though they weren't blood related to the little boy . They started noticing bruises on the boy last fall, when Jessica Langlais started dating Tyrrell, and say the mother ignored them when they voiced concern . Last month, little over a month later, Adrian was dead . Family now calling for CPS and Langlais to be held accountable .
London Mayor admits he hopes to be considered for such an honour . In most candid remarks to date, he finally conceded: 'It would be wonderful' But he insisted he thinks it is 'highly unlikely', adding he doesn't know . Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as future leader of party .
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science, will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale . It comes just weeks after Nasa predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them .
2.5 million flights recorded in the US in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe . The busiest weekends unsurprisingly occur during huge sporting events . For the Monaco Grand Prix in May, the trip is a more affordable £8,835 . Toronto Pearson International Airport in Toronto is £3,929 ($4,400)
Baby elephant seal came out of the water during expedition to Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula weighing 200lbs . Canadian Charlene Fritz struggled to sit upright under the weight of the 200lbs seal . The elephant seal is thought to have been no more than two months old .
Former King Juan Carlos II had long-running affair with German socialite . Couple attended University of Alcala de Henares to present Literature prize . Felipe even managed a smile while being serenaded by student musicians .
Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property on the market after splashing out on a stylish waterfront home in one of Sydney's most exclusive suburbs . The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be 'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style' The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate .
The video was filmed at an undisclosed location in China . Woman demands that the old man pay her compensation for her phone . Despite the man promising to pay her back straight away, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses .
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with student s at 3am . He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was found on Monday morning . The students he was swimming with were part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year . Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating Parks' death .
The baron boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour Party and its policies . The boast comes only 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour’s budget . Mr McCluskey urges members to ‘take back our country’ and ‘restore dignity and justice’
Property agents Savills say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres . Walton Canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years but is now up for sale . The painting, inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s, is now on show at the National Museum of Wales, Cardiff .
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed all main parties' policies to see how they will increase borrowing after the election . No major parties gave 'no detail' on deficit reduction plans, analysts said . Tories accused of not spelling out exactly where the axe will fall . Chancellor George Osborne and Ed Balls accused of failing to spell out 'substantial' spending cuts and tax increases .
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative . Amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access, including public car parks, but not gated properties . It said it is also looking into ways to extend the service to other Prime members with different vehicles in different regions .
The 65-year-old former decathlete is seen greeting Diane Sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released on Thursday . It ends with Bruce looking to the future, and asking how his 'story' will end . The video then included a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family .
Former SS guards who ruled Auschwitz with an iron fist will go to graves . Charlotte S, now 94, was a guard in Ravensbrueck and Gisela S . She and her teeth-baring dog were feared by prisoners kept as slaves and worked in the sweatshop factories around the camp . All 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps were investigated for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .
The Variety Theater in Cleveland, Ohio, was closed down in 1984 when heavy metal band Motorhead played a gig so loud . The structure was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater be sealed off for good . Photographer Seph Lawless took these incredible pictures offering a fascinating glimpse into music history .
Ms Sturgeon said she was not 'moaning' but also attacked criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure . The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home . She revealed how Margaret Thatcher inspired her to get into politics – but not for the reasons the 'iron lady' would have wanted .
Ravi Beefnah parked his Audi A5 outside the dealership in Chelmsford, Essex . Owner claims Audi have failed to resolve long-running complaint about engine . Audi has offered to fix cars with issue free of charge, claims owner .
Stefania La Greca is a political candidate for Lega Sud Ausonia in southern Italy . The 36-year-old's sexy shots of her in bikinis have gone viral ahead of May's elections . But the stunning political candidate has denied using her photographs to get votes . She said: 'I have not posted intimate photographs. The bikini? And what woman does not wear it?'
GetUp launched The Gender Price Gap website last week . Members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more . Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt that comes in both 'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options . Other examples highlighted on the website show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards women .
Andrew Stewart Wood, of Havant, Hampshire, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel . Guest reportedly told a security guard there was a very intoxicated man at the hotel . Wood became belligerent and would not cooperate when asked to identify himself . He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out .
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (24 lbs) in just three months through replacing pasta, pasta, rice and potatoes with spirazlied vegetables . She quit her corporate job to become a full time blogger and is now a 10st (22lbs) and is working on toning instead of losing weight .
Omar Hussain, 27, regularly posts on social media under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani . Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and washing his clothes . Former Morrisons security guard used to live at home with his mother . He has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who spend too much time online .
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened . Camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . He continued to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he's eventually saved by his safety rope after falling ten metres .
Nicole Mayhew, had gone to work leaving her husband Scott working on his car . But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest . He spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home . The father-of-five rushed home to find him trapped underneath the vehicle . 'I knew he was in a lot of pain. He could barely breathe,' she said .
Maurice Van Ryn has had her letterbox firebombed and received several threatening calls, a NSW Supreme Court has heard . The NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . He is not allowed to dispose of a property, superannuation distributions and shares or securities in four companies . It allows him to spend up to $500 a week on living expenses and $25,000 on legal bills . His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order .
HydraFacials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons . Costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin . One writer had the treatment hailed its benefits and described it as 'Beyonce levels'
James Creag, 11, has rare condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria . His victims are nicknamed 'real-life vampires' because their skin cannot be exposed to sunlight . He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, thick brown paste, which blocks out the light . But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured', he refused to wear it .
Meghan Blalock, 29, is theManaging Editor of Who What Wear, a Los Angeles-based website . In a new article on her website, she talks about being every different size from a two to a ten .
Pete Evans' new cookbook contains five times maximum vitamin A dose . Dieticians Association of Australia said the reworked milk formula still presents a threat to babies . The original recipe contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A . It comes after his social media accounts of women who claimed his diet helped alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis .
Lena Dunham has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life' The 28-year-old Girls star is encouraging young girls around the world to follow their passions without conforming to any 'insecure' critics .
Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia around 200,000 years ago but were not alone . Remains of hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently living there . Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests particularly indicate cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there, say researchers .
Photographer Rhiannon Taylor travels the world reviewing the best hotels, beds, pools and room service . Melbourne-based photographer has more than 12,000 followers on her Instagram site . She has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the US and Mexico to document great hotels .
David Cameron's party has moved ahead in the last fortnight as Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Ukip have all slipped . Tory vote share equals their highest since March 2012, with just two weeks to go . Main parties evenly split when asked who they would consider backing May 7 with 48 per cent saying Labour and 47 per cent Conservative .
Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, has revealed that models are now wearing Spanx underwear to cheat the new BMI standards . Models are reportedly being asked to stuff underwear stuffed with sandbags so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight . France recently passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low .
American John Moore's poignant photographs of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges . Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night . His images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories including architecture, arts and culture .
Two French backpackers charged with setting fire to a native Australian quokka have been released from prison . Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty . Footage of the crime was played in court on Friday, and Magistrate Elizabeth Langdon labelled the act 'outrageous' The men opted to serve a week long sentence rather than pay the fine as they did not have sufficient funds .
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal . Incident took place on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result . Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
The disgraced former CIA director avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was sentenced to two years probation . He was also fined $100,000 for leaking classified information to his mistress while she was working on a book about him . 'I now look forward to moving on with the next phase of my life,' he said .
Seven bingo halls tested positive for Class A drugs, while another had traces of crack cocaine - a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked . Figures from Public Health England show 634 over 65 treated for substance abuse in the last year, a rise of 20 per cent in a year . Mecca Bingo in Coral Island, Blackpool, and Gala Bingo in Basildon, Essex, also had positive results . Findings mirror spike in OAPs being treated for addiction, figures show .
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of what makes us most unhappy . This week's survey reveals what makes you most unhappy by the day . Reading the idiotic list made me extremely depressed .
Mother-of-one, 26, has doubled the wealth of her closest rivals - four members of One Direction and their former compatriot Zayn Malik, who are worth £25million each . Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking him from 23rd to seventh on the list .
Clarence David Moore, 66, called police this week to surrender . The deputy who answered the door thought it was a prank . Moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life in Kentucky since at least 2009. His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking . When the sheriff showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' he broke down in tears .
Group hugged blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven of their 'sins' They then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . Images were hurriedly shared online by ISIS sympathisers who claim the photographs reveal the terrorists' compassionate side .
Sevdet Besim, 14, from Blackburn, Lancashire, charged with plotting attack . Teenager allegedly planning 'Lee Rigby-style' attack in Melbourne, Australia . Five other men have also been arrested by Australian counter-terrorism officers .
Christie wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the Tonight Show . The New Jersey politician asked him if he 'looked great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' Then, Fallon brought out two spoons of ice cream for himself, slowly moving away . Later in the program, Christie hoarded a pint of the Tonight Dough, named after the show by Ben & Jerry's .
Bright yellow yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit . But it has not been working for two years after every fixed device was turned off in the West Midlands .
Bettie Jo, from Houston, Texas, was 47st (660lb) She was housebound and unable to care for herself . Her husband Josh had to help her go to the toilet and into the shower . She said Josh had become her caretaker - putting powder between her rolls of flesh afterwards to stop her skin from chafing . Josh said he didn't support her with her bid to lose weight .
Curtis Stone and his wife Lindsay Price have two boys, Hudson aged three and seven-month-old Emerson, 7 months . Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food . The 39-year-old is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life . Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with Hudson feature throughout the book .
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, report says . That number could rise to one in five by 2060, with a record high . Immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population . Without a change to immigration policty, immigrants could account for 15.8 per cent of the nation's population by 2030 .
To mark its 10th anniversary, Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures . The safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations . Guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary, taking them through Africa, Asia and the Indian Subcontinent for rare wildlife encounters .
Jamelia said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . Now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their own views . She said: 'The thought that a person should be made to feel excluded from having access to lovely clothes is also uninformed'
Scientists in the Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope . They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres - an enormous amount of energy . The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds, say researchers .
UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time - £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million . Prosecco revolution was set against a backdrop of celebratory occasions . Until then, there had been only two types of bubbles to choose from . France's most famous sparkling export - champagne from northern France which sells nine million bottles in Britain each year .
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford . He was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children, outraging public decency and voyeurism . An earlier complaint was made about the nurse to bosses at Oxford University Hospitals Trust . But the hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest there was grounds for a complaint .
Identical twins start life with same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos . As they age different life experiences, such as smoking or diet, create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA . The more hydrogen bonds that are present in DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them . In 2013, 22-year-old twins Mohammed and Aftab Asghar were both charged with raping a 17 year old woman in Berkshire . Mohammed was eventually convicted by a jury at Reading Crown Court, and charges dropped
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month . He smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm . It took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the fire, which destroyed his house and car .
Forty-year-old Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol . Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday .
Manuel Valls today revealed five terrorist attacks foiled since January . His words follow arrest of 24-year-old student Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24 . 'Numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account attack which happily did not take place at (Paris suburb) Villejuif also reportedly linked to murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33 . She was allegedly preparing to storm churches with an armoury of weapons . He was caught on Sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg .
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of legal challenge to Lord Janner . Claims she is convinced Labour peer is not fit to plead because of dementia . In her first interview since he would not face trial she refused to quit . 'making the right decision is not a resigning issue', she said today .
Charity's unsettled numbers on tax returns don't appear to be evidence of wrongdoing but tend to undermine the role as a form of public accountability . Hillary Clinton's foundation and donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks . Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments in their tax returns .
Volcano Calbuco, in the country's south, suddenly sprung into life at 6pm local time, sparking a red alert . 1,500 residents from Ensenada, about 10 miles away, were forced to flee their homes, while several smaller townships were cleared . Eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere from up to 100 miles away . Local authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano, which last erupted in 1972 .
Stephanie Scott, 46, was last seen at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday . Her family buried her in an emotional funeral on Wednesday at the venue she was supposed to be married . Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of the much-loved teacher . She was taken back to the home she shares with Vincent and brother Luke .
Donna Lou Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with her at her nursing home . Iowa Republican had always insisted he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact . Tests could not prove Mrs Rayons had recently had 'sex' The allegations were made by another patient in a bed nearby, who was unsure whether they had intercourse or not .
This year's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong . He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' It will take place on July 29 coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts . Director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move .
The man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas . The spike in seismic activity was largely down to the oil and gas industry injecting wastewater deep underground, which can activate dormant faults .
Greece's deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas said country had been 'running on empty' since February . Greece faces deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make €200m payment to IMF .
Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago . She according to her online profile lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company . He decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered office had been closed for years . Despite her uncertainty, the Canadian decided to fly to China anyway .
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina when she disappeared on Wednesday morning . Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the girl, police said . Dive teams searched the water for more than seven hours on Wednesday evening while teams used sonar equipment to comb the water . On Thursday morning, the girl's body had been found near the marina around 9am . Police do not suspect foul play and an autopsy has been ordered .
American alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste . Clean Water Services will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers . According to a 50-page report, the sewage would pose 'very low human health risk' There will only be ten barrels of beer made and there is talk of mass production .
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of needles . The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of audience members . Audience members rushed to help the 28-year-old after he fell at their feet . He was escorted out of building leaving other local candidates to take part .
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges including aggravated indecent assault . The investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in March . She told investigators that Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . 41 videos from the hidden camera included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
Ivan Balashov was browsing smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, Russia . He took a selfie of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top . But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security .
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break . He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs' Teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned, claiming it is dangerous and leads to children becoming injured .
The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels . The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch . It was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain to his wife, the Archduchess Maria Christina of Spain in November 1879 . Also for sale is a pair of antique emerald Indian bangles, which are believed to have descended from one of the more prominent Indian Royal families .
Deborah Kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . The 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 . She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection . To celebrate her recovery, Debbie held an aptly named ‘Eye Ball’ and named each table after a part of the eye .
Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman held talks with Jeremy Clarkson, 52, just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC . Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson who revamped Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . There is speculation that the men are working on new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster . Earlier today, May ruled out returning to Top Gear without Clarkson .
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit stunning images of some of the most famous landscapes in the world . Without the 324m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris, the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark . The iconic Tower Bridge is featured in nearly every London tourist shop and often mistakenly refers to it as a 'same river'
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009 . Land in the country achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006 . Prices may have rebounded since the end of the recession, but the study paints the widest ever picture of how much the ground beneath our feet is actually worth .
East of England ambulance service revealed 1,248 inappropriate calls . Crews sent two ambulances to Epping Forest after 'victim' was run down . One man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' Another reported 'I've eaten too much takeaway food' in Basildon, Essex . Front-line crew attended half, believing them to be genuine emergencies .
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to swift steering skills .
The wife of Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Crespo pleaded not guilty Thursday to voluntary manslaughter . Lyvette Crespo, 43, allegedly shot her husband three times in the chest in September during a heated argument about his infidelity . Mrs. Crespo appears to have threatened to shoot her husband at least once before doing the deed, her brother says . In a civil suit filed against her, William Crespo has asked for more than $53 million in damages for the death of his brother, who says he was killed 'with malice and in cold blood
Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk . Patient A said he asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias on his iPhone . He then 'opened a bottle of vodka in front of her and brought out two shot glasses' Patient A also said: 'He asked me to show him something on the internet so he let me go. I was paralysed. He was grabbed'
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her . Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination, who did not cast a vote . The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today . Lynch is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder .
Doctor sent letter last week to Columbia University where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians . They accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine' Four of the doctors, including leader author Henry Miller, have at some point been associated with the American Council on Science and Health .
Russell 'Rusty' Yates has since remarried and has a five-year-old son . She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison . But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility .
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes . Archbishop J. Peter Sartain said: 'The cardinal's faith was simple, direct, without pretense or embarrassment' George died Friday, April 17 at age 78, of kidney cancer. He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
In 1677, Dutch natural scientist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment, using his body as a guinea pig . He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on . The stocking went back on for another three days but at least 25 lice ran up and down his leg .
The traditional Anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . FEMAIL asked food authors to contribute their spin on this recipe, from sugar-free to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version .
The signs were first spotted by residents in the affluent Surrey village . One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please' Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life'
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for England . Gives MPs the same powers to set tax rates which have been agreed for Scotland . English MPs must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in Scotland, Prime Minister says .
A dozen Native American extras stormed off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday . Loren Anthony was one of the extras who walked off . He cited the costumes being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women . In another scene, an Apache woman is seen squatting and urinating while smoking a pipe .
Paul Guzman of Fairfield, California, took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife Suzanne on the ground just hours after they reported their son missing . This after he left the 8-year-old sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something, and he and his wife immediately called police . When they arrived on the scene, they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home . That is when Suzanne reportedly grew belligerent and can be heard cursing on their body cams, at which point they restrained
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam says 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011' William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator . About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat overturned off Libyan waters, south of the Italian island of Lampedusa .
The 77-year-old former king was 'smitten' with Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein . He was so smitten with her he contemplated divorcing his wife, Ana Romero said . Author's claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources . She said that the affair ended in 2014 when Juan Carlos abdicated .
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend . The 29-year-old was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when he was released on bail . First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating Ms Dirksz at the time and is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage .
John Hinckley Jr. still spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Reagan in 1981 . He is said to have met the woman at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting . Testimony is expected to wrap up next week to determine if he can move in permanently with his mother, but it could be months before US District Judge Paul Friedman renders a decision . His brother Scott revealed his brother and his new girlfriend as 'somewhat compatible,' though he admitted he had not met
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane . Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing aerobic stunt . An airline worker in the foreground appears to be unfazed by the scene as he catches glimpse of the baggage handler pumping iron .
The Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham . Cyclist was injured in a nearby road and paramedics were called to scene . Onlooker said: 'bloke looked absolutely distraught. It was obviously his pride and joy'
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea . Davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates, and married a woman he met through the prison ministry, and has a grown daughter . The Manson family planned to rob Hinman, a friend, but killed him after holding him two days because he said he didn't have money .
Oskar Groening, 93, told Lueneburg state court it was 'unimaginable' that Jews would leave camp alive . Former SS Sergeant is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . Eva Kor told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at death camp .
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer in October 2013 . Had 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital to remove part of his tongue . Medics sawed through jawbone and removed part of the lost tissue . Now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
Rupert Brooke had string of affairs with multiple girlfriends before he died . Collection of 170 letters brought to light for first time thanks to £430,000 grant . Brooke became semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and The Soldier . Cathleen Nesbitt, Laurence Olivier's cousin Nol among those involved .
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney’s Opera House was trending for a second time . The clip was uploaded to Twitter by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources . While there were many genuine dramatic photos to emerge from New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade, not all were quite what they seemed .
Mark Steven West, 32, admitted to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student in spring 2012 and having sex with her in his office . The assistant school principal was interviewed by administrators after hearing rumors and seeing inappropriate interactions with certain students . He was also investigated for inappropriately touching a female student on her lower back .
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies .
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world . Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats . The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation .
More than 41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to UN University . United Nations University says only 6million tonnes of that was recycled properly . 'Millions of tonnes' of broken goods are being dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana . Defunct televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being transported to African countries like Ghana because it is cheaper than recycling them properly in their countries of origin .
DJ, 69, was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at the Merton Show . He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years . But he was told he will still receive £4,000 from taxpayer to pay for taxis to court . Crown Prosecution Service announced he would face a retrial for the offence . Travis was cleared of 12 counts and was eventually convicted in September . The disgraced DJ, real name David Griffin, was given a suspended sentence .
JOHNNY DEPP has compiled a list of Hollywood celebs that have aged terribly . From child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or shattered relationships . Lindsay Lohan, Jonny Wilkinson and Amber Heard are among the celebrities that have turned their lives around .
Gang of eight renting restaurant across road from Guanghui Temple, North China . Seven-metre deep tunnel opened into passage leading to Hua Pagoda located 70 metres away . Five gang members arrested after police launched a sting operation four days later . Gang leader is known artefact thief Zhang and associates have also been involved .
Attorney-turned-cook and activist Joan Cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck . Cheever was slapped with a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck at Maverick Park . On April 7, police officers issued a citation and gave her the green light to continue distributing the meals .
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon . Griner's fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were later released from jail . The couple had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot .
Ruben Blundell's brother Theo was four days overdue when his mother went into labour . Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home . Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe .
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford on Thursday . Accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, 18, in Fairhaven, Massachusetts . Her lawyers want case to be moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' because the DA is the victim's third cousin . However, the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that DA Thomas Quinn has excused himself from any involvement in the case . Carter's parents insist their daughter is innocent and had been left overwhelmed by Roy's suicidal talk
Chairman of House committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi terror attacks calls for Hillary Rodham Clinton to testify at a public hearing next month . The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state . Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to appear twice before and after the deadly assault on a CIA annex . 'The fact is we had four dead Americans,' Clinton said during a 2013 Senate hearing .
Girl was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at specialist science college . She took a sip from a water bottle into which other students had put a small amount of hydrochloric acid . Teacher abandoned the lesson while the girl was sent to the medical room, assessed and given water to drink . Tests reportedly showed the bottle was contaminated with the substance but that the concentration of the acid was low .
Company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door . More than 200 people were found queueing outside store in Avlaston, Derbyshire . Store will create 29 jobs – 12 full-time and 17 part-time .
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams . The 33-year-old threw a drink over the victim at Dawdon Cricket Club in Seaham . Fell into an argument with Williams, who had part of her ear bitten off . Temple carried out the attack before buying another drink from the bar . She was jailed for 20 months after admitting GBH at Durham Crown Court .
Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts . The facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire . Hernandez was convicted on April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013 .
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and 'should have been blown out of the air', Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, said . Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania . 'Ajudgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, said Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., who said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if they tried to
Actor left mid-way through the interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison . 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?': Interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking him about his long-conquered personal demons .
Georgia Southern University students Emily Clark, Morgan Bass, Abbie Deloach, 21, of Leesburg, Catherine Pittman, 21, and Caitlyn Baggett, 21 . Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, . survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries . The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the crash .
Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday and called a news conference to announce the case would bring to light new forensic evidence . The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'
Nigerian Muslims on rubber dinghy carrying 100 African refugees began to sink . When one Muslim passenger began praying for his life, 12 Christians were thrown overboard . The violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned when they were attacked . Comes amid reports 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships .
Jules Bianchi crashed into recovery vehicle at Japanese Grand Prix . Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable . The 25-year-old has spoken of the pain his family have felt since accident .
Steve Cotterill has taken Bristol City to the brink of Championship return . The club are currently third in League One, two points adrift of promotion . City drew 1-1 at second-placed Preston in the Premier League last month .
Emmanuel Adebayor was dragged off the pitch after 58 minutes at Aston Villa on November 2 . Since then he has pocketed £3.4million in wages . He has trained as normal with the first team, while his driver waited in the Rolls before returning to his London home shortly after Mauricio Pochettino had finished the morning session .
Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty to give Juventus the lead on 57 minutes against Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg . The Frenchman had been out for seven weeks with a calf injury before he was called upon to start the tie in the 70th-minute . Arturo Vidal then gave his side the lead from the spot after Fabinho and Aymen Abdennour clashed . Monaco defender Danijel Subasic was sent off for a third-half penalty .
Chelsea took three promising young boys, all from their home in Luton, after watching them beat the mighty Bayern Munich in a youth tournament . Chelsea's kids have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho's insistence on promoting young players at the club . Jay Dasilva, the eldest of the trio, is earmarked first team potential . Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season .
Scott Turner Schofield will play Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley . The soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful will mark Schofield's television acting debut . CBS reached out to a handful of transgender actors and personalities for the role .
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in their 2-0 win at home to Rotherham United on Saturday . Patrick Bamford also missed a late penalty for the home side . Boro remained fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table .
Goalkeeper Iker Casillas is one of the top five Brazilian players ever . Former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team . Carlos won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos . Click here for more Champions League news .
Championship strugglers are deliberating over future of Kit Symons . Fulham owner Shahid Khan has given his new chief football officer the power to choose the manager's next manager . Warburton's impressive record at west London rivals Brentford has made him a leading contender alongside Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy .
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg . The officer always made light of his disability and refused to use a stick . His story is based on a book on the Warburg escape by Scottish lieutenant Jock Hamilton-Baillie .
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at a casino in London . She flashed £50 notes in a bid to steal his winnings at Palm Beach Casino . The care assistant was found guilty of manslaughter by a majority at Old Bailey . Co-defendants Kyrron Jackson, 28, and Nicholas Chandler, 29, were jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years . Judge William Kennedy today described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked'
Yannick Bolasie completed his hat-trick for Crystal Palace against Sunderland . Connor Wickham and Adam Johnson both stood nearer their own goal . Gary Cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting Kurt Zouma for his place in Chelsea’s defence and looks to be winning the battle . Wojciech Szczesny had deputised for Cahill during his stint on the sidelines .
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year at London's Grosvenor Hotel . The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions this season . Blues midfielder was rewarded with the top individual award of the night . Hazard: 'One day I want to be the best and what I did this season is play very well, Chelsea played very well'
Lionel Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez put Barcelona 1-0 up after 56 seconds . The Argentine has now scored 400 goals in 471 games with 309 goals in the league, 75 in the Champions League and 32 in the Copa del Rey . Messi has 141 assists to his name in those 471 matches . Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty in the ninth minute .
Robert Clark has lived in his home for more than 50 years and used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care . But Brent Council said he couldn't afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after him at his home in Burnt Oak, north London . A fund-raising drive has already reached £10,000 in just four days to help the veteran stay in his own home .
Portsmouth parted company with manager Andy Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning . The League Two side lost 3-1 to Morecambe on Saturday afternoon . Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of clash with Stevenage tomorrow .
Reports first emerged in China in 2006 that state-run hospitals were killing prisoners of conscience to sell their organs . Now a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth US$1billion a year . Human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour investigated allegations of organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners in China . The pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in China, and it's claimed political prisoners are being used as live organ donors .
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina . The Colombian winger arrived with a reputation bloated by his performance at the 2014 World Cup . Wilfried Bony has netted only one goal as Manchester City slip out of title race .
Chelsea plan a victory parade through the streets of Stamford Bridge if they stay on course to claim the Premier League title in May . The Blues are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining . Blues take on Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday .
Radamel Falcao set off on delayed runs against Manchester United . The Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams . Chelsea host Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City in a week's rest of the Premier League .
Tracksuit tycoon Mike Ashley has agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea from John Lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million . Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, including SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club in the north east . The biggest motivation in Ashley’s life is to make money, something reflected in Newcastle United’s latest accounts, which are showing another decent profit and £34m in the bank . After seven straight defeats in the Barclays Premier League under interim coach John Carver,
Philippe Coutinho describes meeting Pele as the 'ultimate honour' Liverpool midfielder described it as a 'creepy' moment to speak to Brazil icon . The Kop - christened O Magico - was a special guest for Manchester United vs Manchester United last month as 'the creeps' The 25-year-old's form and confidence have risen dramatically since turning of the year .
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of the Champions League tie at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night . Real defender Raphael Varane impressed again for the Spanish side . Jan Oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in Spanish football history when he signed for €16million from Benfica . Diego Simeone dumped him on the bench and installed another new player Miguel Angel Moya in goal .
Bob Harding, 89, of Oklahoma, is still married and has a couple of great grandchildren . He served as an aircraft handler for the USS Yorktown in Vietnam . His twins, Carter and Jack Hanson, of Raleigh, North Carolina, met on the carrier every day for the first time during a recent trip to South Carolina . They spent the day exploring the warship together with the boys thinking about what life was like on board the real battleship .
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu . Real Madrid will have Karim Benzema back against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . Carlo Ancelotti's side will have to pick up silverware in the Champions League final .
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Jose Mourinho had been complaining about the charge from goalkeeper David Ospina which flattened Oscar in the first half . Every Fabregas touch was booed. And he didn’t hide . Referee Michael Oliver booked him for a dive .
Chelsea drew 0-0 away at Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday . Blues captain John Terry was the captain's best under Jose Mourinho . Terry starred in an impressive defensive display against the Gunners .
Chelsea drew 2-2 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . John Terry was named a Defender of the Year at Stamford Bridge . Beating Crystal Palace was a massive result for Steve Bruce . Hull thoroughly deserved their win against Crystal Palace .
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a two-year deal to remain at Nottingham Forest . The former England international has replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce . Forest's owners made an audacious attempt on the play-off places but have not prevented the club's ownership making moves .
China has built a runway on the contested Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands without consulting the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan . Building work in the nearby Reef could create space for yet another 3,000m airstrip . The United States' military commander for Asia said China could eventually deploy radar and missile systems on outposts it is building in the region .
Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands - an area many other countries claim . Obama claimed China was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' But China's leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle .
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above .
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings . An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until 1916, when Allies successfully fooled Turkish forces .
The eight staff wrote the op-ed for USA Today after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Dr Mehmet Oz . They said his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor . In 2014, the BMJ said less than half of Oz's recommendations on his show are based on 'at least somewhat believable evidence' They pointed out that in 2014, 'we are spending a significant amount of our clinical time
Bruce Jenner's second wife tweeted her message of support just hours before Bruce's ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer is set to air on Friday night . Linda, 64, had two sons with Bruce, Brandon and Brody, and both have been seen in teaser videos released by the TV network . The two tied the knot in a beach ceremony in Hawaii on January 5, 1981 . Bruce was legally married to his first wife Chrystie and married as soon as his divorce was finalized .
US researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged 60 and over who did not have dementia or a history of strokes . They found that living near congested roads can lead to ‘silent strokes’ which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage . PM2.5 particles were found to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting .
Zermatt, in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban . Report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in 'miserable conditions' The animals are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town . SAP said it had been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs for many years .
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 . She said she saved the children - despite previously admitting to killing them for being 'mouthy' But police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children because she had been 'raped as a virgin' The court also saw pages from her journal that detailed her plans after she carried out the killings, as well as entries after the deaths .
Jordan Brennan was killed after breaking into a dance in his corner shop . The 17-year-old's mother, Kim, reveals how he would 'dance and sing all the time' However, the mother-of-five has slammed the lenient sentence . She said: 'There is no justice at all'
Switzerland tops the list of countries ravaged by war and extreme poverty . It measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment . Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place . The United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth . Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places destroyed by war . Icelandic citizens are now so happy that they jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two this year .
FTSE 100 and other business leaders have anonymously criticised David Cameron's use of personal attacks against his opposition ahead of general election . They expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the Conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month . Business leaders are worried Cameron will lose the battle for Number 10 .
A medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph was unearthed in an east Melbourne park this week . Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered the medal . The medal belongs to his brother Lewis who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing problems . It means that a grave in Melbourne's Springvale Cemetery bearing a plaque with Frederick's name is probably not his either . Mr Norton recently discovered that Frederick had actually died nine years before 'Bunny' in New Zealand .
Young Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl . Five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years which will cost nearly $10,000 . The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court .
GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency for the RTS,S vaccine . The vaccine, which has just completed the final stages of testing, took 30 years to develop but experts say there is a long way to go .
Turnham Primary School sent out a contract with all new children last week . All children must sign 'transphobic language' before starting in September . It is understood teachers at the school introduced the document to help curb playground prejudice against transgender people . But yesterday the chairman of governors said they knew nothing about the change .
The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred . The person managed to spray Charlie without the handlers seeing - a move that taggers pride themselves on, but usually with stationary objects and facades . However, the LAPD has requested the public's help in identifying the person responsible .
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition after Monday's attack . Officers have arrested two 18-year-old men for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges . Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area .
First boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain . New colour was introduced in 1874 and it took 10 years to repaint all post boxes . There are now 115,300 post boxes in the UK .
Around 15 animals ran away from farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River . The animals were safely crossed the northbound lanes and trotted south on the shoulder into some woods . Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of Albany .
Nicola Sturgeon said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour . Comes as Labour slip four points behind the Tories in the latest polls . But the SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of majority .
Molly Parks was found dead in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked April 16 with a needle still in her arm . Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin . He pleaded with other families to 'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions .
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him . In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, which has been working to free Hanline since 1999, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it' On Wednesday, after more than three decades after Hanline was incarcerated, crucial DNA analysis and investiga
1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is expected to fetch £10million . It was driven by the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie . But the beloved model crashed into the ravine below after Cameron accidentally knocked it off . The car, one of just 16 in existence, has a 3-litre V12 engine which develops around 280bhp .
Police in New Zealand have put extra security measures in place . Jihadi Mark John Taylor posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand . In the video he instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers . Prime Minister John Key said the video only further confirms IS are a growing threat to New Zealand and its people .
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer . On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight . As for her own life, she wanted to be remembered 'with laughter, love and a good pint'
University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister Kristen Saban . The lawsuit said the two women came to blows at Saban's apartment in 2010 after Saban posted 'no one likes Sarah yayyy'y!' on Facebook . A hearing and court documents showed fights between Saban and Saban were sparked by a night of heavy drinking . Saban had previously sued Saban over a fight they had while attending college .
The Martingale Betting Strategy originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day . The traditional game involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . 'A punter simply bets a stake to win an amount of money if they fail to win with the first bet they don't win,' says author Mike Steward .
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them . So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon' Seven cute owlets have been given the colourful makeovers at the centre in Kington, Herefordshire .
For although the watch is officially going on sale, none of its stores will have them in stock . consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order online and wait for their arrival until June .
Rhiannon Langley, 24, is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in Bangkok . The Melbourne hairdresser has almost 200,000 Instagram followers . She says she's been 'chilling out by the pool', getting manicure and pedicures, shopping and eating out .
The White House doubled down today on President Barack Obama's Earth Day message that climate change is 'a problem now' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists . 'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' Josh Earnest said today after he was asked about a Duke study that claimed the earth isn't heating up as quickly as expected . The president is seen on Wednesday, Earth Day, boarding Air Force One before departing from Florida .
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 category . The 16-year-old will take part in two more races on Sunday . He will follow in the footsteps of his father, who is still recovering from a ski accident .
Playing outside or climbing trees can increase shortsightedness by 26% . Chinese scientists have reported a 23% reduction in myopia sight in children . Two in five adults in this country are short-sighted, but those rates are likely to increase . 40 minutes of extra natural light per day can help reduce short sight by 26 per cent .
Mahonia, which is also known as Oregon Mountain Grape, is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years . Mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness, infections and irritations, and is highly recommended for acne . Neal's Yard Remedies have seen sales of its Mahonia Clear Skin Formula go through the roof online from customers .
An Ohio woman has spoken out in a Reddit Q&A about why she and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the abortion at 23 weeks . Their unborn daughter had Triploidy, a chromosomal defect that is 'incompatible with life outside the womb' The couple had an amniocentesis and had severely stunted growth .
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for Richard Branson's Virgin Airline . The Department of Immigration ranked third in the Most Attractive Employer survey . Other Australians named the ABC as the place they would most like to work there . Virgin, the second-largest airline in the country, was reportedly handed the accolade for its ‘pleasant working atmosphere and good work-life balance'
Alison, 43, was left with a deformed breast that resembled a croissant . Retailer had hoped to boost her bust but ended up loathing her body . Had to have another operation to increase her cup size to a DD . Has now had 13 operations on her breasts as part of TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters .
Shaun Smith, 25, stamped 18 times on victim's head during drunken assault . Fellow soldier Jason Collins, 22, rained blows on man's body during attack . Judge at Teesside Crown Court made 'extraordinary' decision to free men . 'I simply express the hope that the Army feels able to keep you,' victim James Wormald said .
Sarina Aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on parents lap . The 19-month-old was strapped in the connector belt for children under two . Transavia Airlines said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli to find more of his grandfather George William Thomson . The World War One veteran toiled for many hours on end as a part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies . Wilkins read excerpts from his 'papa's" war diary, 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the veteran . He was thrilled to restore all the artefacts that have been donated by various families .
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . She tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that failed she took action . 'I didn't want him to take my store's money, it was just a reaction,' she said .
Icelandic co-star Heida Reed claims TV obsession with his body is sexist . Claims it is evidence of reverse sexism and should be different if a woman was in the same situation . Row follows overwhelming interest in Aidan Turner's physique from Poldark's fans .
Posters promoting a 'straight pride' week at a northeast Ohio university were removed this week after student leaders said that the message was inappropriate . Officials are investigating possible student code violations and disciplinary action may follow . The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .
Andrea McVeigh was hit face-first into concrete after being hit from behind . The 44-year-old fled the scene, chased by her husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . Police have issued CCTV footage of a mystery cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash .
Video posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa has been watched more than three million times on Facebook . The '#kyliejennerchallenge' has been encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's pout . Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram .
UKIP leader said he gets an ‘unbelievably’ positive welcome when he meets black people . He said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters – including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires – from backing him publicly . Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ‘no evidence whatsoever’
It's the one year anniversary of Kimye and Kim Kardashian is festively dressed up in an all-white Narcisco Rodriguez Fall 2015 outfit . This outfit is what makes the outfit so versatile through every season . Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat with Diane Sawyer when they stopped by Craig's in West Hollywood on Thursday evening .
Baltimore police come under scrutiny after Freddie Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death . Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate . However commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out possibility of his resignation . Gray was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away . He was not buckled in by a seat belt, a violation of the police department's policy, and asked for medical help several times .
Vladmir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed . Claims made by his embalmers, who have developed techniques to maintain the look and feel of the revolutionary's body . The gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the 'Mausoleum group' which involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the former leader's corpse .
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters . They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars . Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth .
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade . Graduated licenses can put curfews on young drivers, putting less teens on the road at night . On average three out of four students aged 16 or older had driven at least once during the past 30 days when taking a survey .
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83 . He then drove their bodies 150 miles in a grey Nissan Micra, Bristol Crown Court heard . But the grey car he is accused of transporting the bodies has been lost . Prosecutors said the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case .
The fort was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire . It appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country . Dr Gordon Noble said the fort could only be accessed by climbing up the cliff face with ropes . By the late 200s AD the Picts overrun the northern frontier of the Roman empire more than once .
High radiation found in a playground in Toshima ward in north-east of Japan . The radiation is half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . It is not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park .
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio said on its website on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products . The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of its frozen treats it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln, Nebraska . Blue Bell's ice cream was linked to ten listeria illnesses in four states, including three deaths .
Shaker Aamer likely to be released in summer after 13 years in captivity . 48-year-old is longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo . He has been held at notorious prison camp for more than 13 years . Comes as Obama appointed to speed up closure of prison camp .
Christopher Wheeler, 54, ran Net Shred program designed to eradicate internet history . Police raided his $350,000 Delaware mansion in October 2013 . One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act . Investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers . Wheeler tried to flee but turned himself into authorities less than a month later .
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully . Rose was diagnosed with leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork . Battle Creek Area Catholic School charges as much as $6,983 per year for Rose's treatment and that none of them seemed to help her enough .
Lyle Jeffs has multiple wives - nine - within the Mormon sect . But she is legally married to him and has been since 1983 . Claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with Mr Jeffs, returned to her .
Jessa, 22, and her husband Ben, 19, announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for TLC.com . The reality star is still working out, but 'not trying to break any records', according to People magazine .
Bruce Jenner confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with Kris Kardashian . The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he began hormone therapy and plastic surgery shortly after winning the Olympic gold . He stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer .
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless despite being a keen walker . Bedford Borough Council staff read article recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike . Article said he was knocked over by four cows in Cumbria on third day . Gregory, of Bedford, pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge .
Airport could be rebranded as 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S. to attract more tourists . But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is . Similar rebranding in China has attracted thousands of tourists to Birmingham .
Emma Louise Connolly is the current face of Ann Summers . The lingerie and loungewear collection is 'perfect for every blushing bride' It's thought that Emma started dating Ollie last October, after the pair posted a candid shot of them kissing on Instagram .
Five horses rescued from rising flood waters in NSW during this week's storm of a decade were rescued by Sonia Sharrock . Her brother-in-law Steve Spowart dived into freezing cold water to cut barbed wire and free the horses . Ms Sharrock spent five hours trying to rescue the horses from the floods thanks to the help of his surfboard . 'I don’t know what I would have done without him and my sister,' she said .
Four men of Somali descent charged with traveling or attempting to join ISIS . They were detained after months of being monitored through former allies . A government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria, was paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs . Families of the boys screamed from the courtroom as lawyers questioned reliability of the mole . Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed .
Martin Beck has created a series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour . The superhero subjects look like they can't get over the fact they never quite passed at superhero school . And now, just like many of us, their daily lives are ruled by 'simple' struggles .
A 23-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . He allegedly robbed a Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . Other customers were in the store at the time of the incident, however no one was injured during the incident .
Sofia Abramovich, 18, is the daughter of Chelsea FC owner Roman . She revealed she had been bullied online about her appearance and weight . But now she has hit back saying she is going to turn negative comments into positivity .
Anzac Day is the exception when it comes to public holidays . If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on . Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a 20 per cent rise in absenteeism on Monday 27 . In Queensland alone, losses to businesses are estimated at more than $7.5 million if an expected 20,000 workers call in sick .
The property in Narrabeen, NSW, began sliding down a hill it was built on . A tree stump prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . Firefighters, police and engineers worked well, though he had never seen anything like it .
UN's rights chief urged Britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers . A columnist for The Sun called migrants 'cockroaches' in the 1930s . He said article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism' He said migrants are 'pretty common in an increasing number of EU countries'
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now . But Camilla Lawrence, Women’s Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to pre-pregnancy shape safely . She says trying too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body .
The unnamed 20-year-old was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, Colorado . Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck - but she is expected to recover .
There were two types of cards used in the 1870s and 1880s . One was referred to as the 'calling card' and the second was a novelty variety reserved for more casual encounters, namely men seeking the company of women . The card commonly carried a brief message and a simple illustration .
Chinese estimates exceed most US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs . Experts at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies . They presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability . It predicts its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years .
Intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded kitchen . They dumped TV in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs . Stole jewellery including a wedding ring, watches, computer, laptop and tablet . The group even stopped for toast - leaving bread and butter out on sideboard .
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday . Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors .
Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips, 46, Christopher Evans, 37, and Michael Stokes, 34, all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' Cardiff Crown Court heard that Philips, Swansea, Evans, Llangennech, Carmarthenshire, and Stokes were all arrested as a result of an investigation .
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Yemen 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School until recent fighting forced it to close . Mother-of-six is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on outskirts of the city with her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine . They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return, and are terrified of dodging fighting to get to a UK embassy in Sudan .
Aberash Bekele, 32, is furious at makers of Difret for using her story without her consent . She was abducted so she could be forced into forced marriage but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . Film, which has won awards around the world, was screened last year .
Headteacher bans tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks during the school day . But some parents say the rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water . Rule has been enforced at Rowdown Primary School in New Addington, south London, to protect long-term health of pupils .
Sprinter says he has to eat a lot more vegetables - and 'he hates them all' The Jamaican confessed that 'eating right is a part of training' He also admitted that he ate McDonald's wraps, hash browns, rice and a pint of Guinness .
Researchers from the University of Utah tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes . They found a secondary magma chamber beneath the surface that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over . The chamber is located in Yellowstone National Park - which spans the midwestern US states of Wyoming, Idaho and Montana . Lava has flowed in the area as recently as 70,000 years ago .
Former Young Divas singer has revealed she turned to drugs after gaining considerable weight . The Australian Idol winner underwent gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 . At her heaviest, DeAraugo weighed 127.5 kilos .
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down derelict property in Bath . But residents complained it was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved . Dr Douglas Bernardt, a local resident with a PHD in architecture, described situation as 'madness' Council says developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed .
American hostage Warren Weinstein was killed in January during a US drone strike . Captors were said to have used him as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative while in captivity . The 73-year-old was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . His family have slammed the government's response to his kidnappers . They have now been reportedly transferred an undisclosed amount of money .
Cigar use rose in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines . Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain, and found risks for cigar smokers of oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as cigarettes .
Carpenter Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula . It measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to its maker, it sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides .
David Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years for murder of Eni Mevish . The 68-year-old stabbed her in the heart, lungs and liver six months after they met . Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14 year-old girl . Court heard he was 'jealous' of her other friendships, but not her .
Navinder Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home . Former Brunel University student allegedly used computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange . He spent third night in custody after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail .
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn last Sunday when he thought a rock had struck him in the face . A CT scan revealed the metal wire had been shot up his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge . Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries . 'I felt my face but I didn't feel any disfiguring or anything. I saw blood, so I
Ambrosio, 34, snapped up by online fashion retailer Dafiti in So Paulo . Supermodel signed by them because they believe she embodies the style of the brand . The mother-of-two, who is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models, also wore sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
Kim has long had her pick of holidays - so how have her holiday tastes changed? This month she and husband Kanye West made high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to retrace their daughter . Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on winter breaks .
Brain scans revealed brain scans of 17 professional comedians . They showed less activity in the key area of the brain involved articulating speech . Sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit but you need the right wit .
For although the watch is officially going on sale today, none of its locations will have them in stock . consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order online and wait for their arrival until June .
Hammond reveals he will not be returning to the hugely popular series . Former show's former executive producer launches scathing attack on BBC . Andy Wilman sensationally quit the BBC yesterday over 'fracas' with producer . He was seen holding talks at Clarkson's west London home last night . Later last night, Jeremy Clarkson was seen drinking with friends in west London . Presenter was put under pressure to hire a female presenter in 2002, producer said . Hammond: 'There's nothing for me to 'quit' my
Samantha Crossland pocketed parents' fees at the Child's Play day nursery . 30-year-old had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless money was paid back . Cash taken from a cash box on the wall that parents left their fees in . It was only when she returned to the nursery in early 2014 that she became aware of discrepancies in accounts .
With enough room for five guests, the underwater suites – Poseidon and Neptune – boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the Ambassador Lagoon aquarium . A magnet for well-off honeymooners, the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan . With a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes .
60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria . E.coli, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning - was found to be resistant to antibiotics .
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl . Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija . The very next inning, Royals' Mike Moustakas was also hit in the arm by a pitch from Chris Sale, leading to a warning for both teams .
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut . Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet lost consciousness . Pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in eight minutes . Despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane .
Imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . He then connected to a number of university computers and changed passwords . After hacking into computer system, he changed his mark to 73 per cent .
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, Gary Cooper, 45, and ex-pat friend Neil Munro, 45 were arrested at Fujairah Airport . They were taken to a police station and put into prison despite being told they would not be detained . His wife had written to the PM to ask him to intervene in the case, raising concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure .
Brian Bayers tearfully recalled how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when the back door of his house was wide open, he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle . The Bayers family say they will miss their son and that they would do anything to have him back .
Twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device . To enable the feature on your account, launch the official Twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon . The check box should display a check mark, marking the feature as active . It is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks .
The supermarket's study also showed a lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's . One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef . Only 3% of over 55s fell for the fake cuts .
Five-month-old Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10 . The family home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macqurie, had lost power . On Wednesday the children's mother took them for a walk in a nearby park . When he stepped into one puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly . 'Aussie's our hero, he saved their lives,' their grandmother said .
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality TV show . The show would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to fight bulls . 15 people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured . Mayor Enrique Maya said he was 'completely opposed' to the programme . He said: 'Turning San Fermin into Big Brother would be terrible'
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . And it could also be used for other sports such as cycling and rowing .
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday to 12.5 years prison after refusing to help Kimberly Calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . The banana mogul said that distributing cocaine to his friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties' of the millionaire . He even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following Calo's gruesome death as he helped hamper authorities' efforts to bring him to justice through 2010 . 'In truth, he is
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014 . Her attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders . However the judge said he didn't make a request for the bail to be reduced so she could move to a psychiatric treatment center
Gray, 25, was handcuffed and put in leg irons, but left without a seat belt during a trip to the station in Baltimore on April 12 . Rules were changed nine days before his arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other authorized restraining devices . Gray died a week later from a spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to a police station in a paddy wagon .
The millionaire businessman was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent's Park . Cyclist was listening to music on his headphones when he ran over Cheech . Mr Goldsmith said: 'The dogs were a few feet away from her when a cyclist, wearing headphones, just came out of nowhere'
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2 . Documents suggest the Tulsa Sheriff's Office has violated training policies when they employed him . He was given special treatment when he was admitted into program, but was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops . Harris' attorney claimed if the investigation's findings had been acted on in 2009 Harris might still be alive .
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour . The road cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below . A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District offers beautiful views of Lakeland fells and Lake Windermere .
Police 'pulverized' Veronica Bolina's face, forced her to strip and shaved head . Pictures show 25-year-old lying partially naked in front of officers and other prisoners . Investigation underway amid reports officers set upon her three times . Bolina had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour . But images have sparked outrage across Brazil, with many demanding treatment .
Aaron Bee, 22, went on the run for two weeks last year over an alleged assault . Taunted officers by taking selfies outside their police headquarters . But after less than five months behind bars the 22-year-old has been released . He has now been jailed for eight months at Lincolnshire Crown Court .
Owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby trapped in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . But a family who was visiting the shoreline with a photography group came over to help . Huge group of friends from Salt Lake City jumped in as well to rescue Shelby . They used grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags, a straw hat and even bare hands to separate him from the tar pit .
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, is a naturalized US citizen . Faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters in US District Court of California .
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete . Widow ran a successful cafe in Church Street, Edmonton, in September 2014 . Members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on September 4 last year . Salvador, an only child, is thought to have left home at the age of around 13 or 14 after arriving in the UK from Nigeria with his parents .
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School in Dallas, Texas, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning . The 49-year-old teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months, according to Dallas ISD police chief Craig Miller . Miller said Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted the Dallas police officer . If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department .
Liberty Island was evacuated Friday after reports of a suspicious package . NYPD bomb squad scrambled, but full search of the island finally failed . Official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back .
Villagers in Jharkhand state tie themselves up onto a wooden pole that hangs just feet above the fire . Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns . Festival, locally known as Chutiya Manda Puja, is organized every year to 'protect the village from natural calamities and epidemics'
The war widows will be guests of honour at dawn service on the Gallipoli Peninsular on Saturday . Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday . Mrs Pockett lost both legs as a result of his wounds at Passchendaele and met and married after the war .
Monopoly-makers told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill Old Kent Road . Thousands of Exeter voters have suggested landmarks in the city in Devon . No one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections . High-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like Exeter's Gothic cathedral, Exeter castle, the Guildhall and shopping centre .
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago . Laurence William Comerford served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th Battalion in the 5th Brigade . Naomi Watts and Geoffrey Rush were also involved in the war . The records belong to relatives of the Great Gatsby star, Simon Kidman and his great-grandfather Edward Glenny .
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home .Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt . 'We’ve seen fat cats at 20 to 25 pounds but this is just obscene. Cats, by and large, don’t overfeed themselves. This is similar to a 600 or 700 pound human that should weigh 180 pounds'
In the early hours of today, 25 April 2015, a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when, at 0330, Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove . People have been gathering the graves at Gallipoli, sometimes known as the Dardanelles Campaign .
Irish tourist leaves his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack . Barry Lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . He has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence in Sydney . Patrick spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother . Magistrate Graeme Curran handed down the sentence on Friday .
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire . She spent two years testing metal for Bristol engines in the site's laboratory, working as the only woman in her department between 1943 and 1945 . Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the factory, where more than 700 people worked .
Younger Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS's self-styled caliph . He and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi carried out joint suicide missions on Baiji oil refinery . Two teenage suicide bombers blew themselves up at checkpoints in Iraq last month .
Ariana Mason, 21, was 'choked by man when he put her in a glass table-top' She has filed civil rights lawsuit against police and Metropolitan Police . Claims she was subjected to excessive force at the Mirage hotel in Las Vegas . Ariana's aunt is TV personality Rolonda Watts, who is also white .
Kevin Bowes, 53, had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at his practice . Had four root canal treatments and five crowns fitted at his hands . Semi-retired teacher will need years of remedial treatment . Dental Law Partnership secured £30,000 payout following two-year battle .
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle . All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . Despite the crunch, the 50-year-old driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .
Efan James was 'well cared-for and loved' when he died in his sleep last October . His mother Hannah James took him to bed at family home in Milford Haven, West Wales . But the next morning he was lying face down and unresponsive, inquest heard . Coroner Mark Layton demanded new guidelines for parents of 'excessively tired' New parents given 'confusing' advice over how tired they could be when sleeping .
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today . He is charged with possessing an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose . Also charged with possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . Police probing death of outspoken critic Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, last week . Rashad was born Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell - brother of Liz Mitchell .
Stage fell half-way through a 10-foot riser at Westfield High School in Indiana . Audience members initially believed it was choreographed . One student suffered a critical head trauma as the platform beneath them collapsed in a closed pit .
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' of £1,500 from churches and community groups . Money is needed to pay for Trust’s staff, branding materials and PR advice . Critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be used for food .
Royal Marine Bobby Burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing make-up . He had installed a tracker app on her mobile and brutally attacked her . The 30-year-old admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill . Judge Phillip Wassall jailed him for two years and two months .
Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December when a car accident sent her to the hospital . She was five months pregnant at the time and doctors believed she had a two-per cent chance of recovering . In January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles .
Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world, with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay in Greece . The secluded settlements are often cut off from surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises .
BBC presenter left out letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard . He was discussing education at Highfield Primary School in Southampton, Hampshire . Colleague Bill Turnbull made red-faced Stayt spell 'education' live on air .
Incredible footage has emerged of white lights spotted near Chilean volcano . Hundreds filmed the erupting Calbuco volcano and its deadly ash cloud . Images show lights either police helicopters or an alien aircraft .
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, has 18 tattoos on her face since she was 24 . Says they have turned her into a jobless recluse and cost her £14,000-a-year . 'Until they are removed, I won’t be able to find a jobs and will be stuck on benefits' She resigned from her last job because she felt 'left out' by colleagues .
Washington couple's three-year-old son had complained of someone talking to him at night . One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device . The family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera . Technology experts warn that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many new devices connect to the internet .
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk called for Billy Gordon's resignation after his criminal past was revealed . Mr Gordon resigned from Labor party but refused to resign from parliament . Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding . She said she was 'like a hostage to him, I wasn't allowed to go anywhere'
One of Hinckley's interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar . He also participates in music therapy and is ready to live full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in Virginia under certain conditions . If the man who shot President Reagan is allowed to leave a mental hospital for good, he should have to live under strict conditions, including wearing an ankle monitoring device and driving a car with GPS tracking device, government lawyers said on Wednesday .
Frenchwoman has been suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges . Said she hoped 'German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils' Seventeen of 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher . Parent association president, Maurice Sourdioux, said she was 'very shocked'
Nasa’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured a shot of Curiosity near the base of Mount Sharp in Gale Crater . But interestingly, the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the Martian weather . The HiRise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches (25cm) per pixel, allowing it to see Curiosriosity .
An urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks . The Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province - known as 'The Tiger Temple' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the animals . Officials say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them . WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
Opera singer Liu Guijuan's headpiece is made from 80 kingfisher feathers . She said current market price is no less than 400,000 yuan (£42,583) Animal lovers slammed her indifference to animal welfare .
Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief . infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums . But Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him for his role in the mass extermination of Jews .
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, say they are just as fortunate as Adam Lyons, 34 . The trio appeared on today's This Morning to explain how their polyamorous relationship works . Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship . They will raise the boys in Los Angeles with Russian-born Jane .
Michael Gridley, 26, was sacked from the store in Basildon, Essex, after a year . Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken . Gridley managed to land a job at Lidl after he was 'sacked', Southend Crown Court heard .
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree . But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme . Council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . Couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 . Despite moving out, the couple stayed put as they had elderly parents .
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' Dollar says the devil is trying to discredit him before he starts showing people Jesus! The wealthy televangelist is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes . But Dollar has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers on Thursday night when she lost control of her vehicle . The group were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed head-on into another brick wall . A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics . Two other passengers were taken to hospital with multiple fractures to their limbs, ribs and injuries to her abdomen .
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . The owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest .
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out shopping trips this week . The Duchess really went out in style just weeks ago . She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry .
Daniel Morcombe's killer could get out of prison early due to a 'smiley face' Lawyers for Brett Peter Cowan will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal . Cowan was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old Daniel in December 2014 . He received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping Daniel's body in December 2003 .
The five-day suspension for Ibrahim Ahmad will prevent him from attending La Center High's dance Saturday . The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . He was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision was based on his ethnicity .
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur in Pakistan . Residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an Apple logo . It is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed . Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
Ringside tickets for Floyd Mayweather's upcoming fight against Manny Pacquaio sold out within minutes on Thursday night . Due to the high pay-per-view price of the fight, the anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app . Periscope allows users to stream live video from their phones to their Twitter accounts, so that they can be viewed for up to 24 hours - while rival Meerkat's live video disappears once you choose the broadcast .
Zoo Weekly removed 'offending' images of a half-naked bikini holding a red poppy from Facebook after being criticised for using the word 'Anzac' The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes . The issue, released on Monday leading up to the Anzac weekend, included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli'
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues on Friday . The UN reports that about 440,000 people are besieged in Syria's civil war, now in its fifth year . UN Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful' The four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched .
The 18-year-old had a bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion . But it became inflamed and she was forced to remove the bar . The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar . Remmie, 18, says the unsightly lump is 'vile' and has knocked her confidence badly .
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue L.A.'s Fairfax district . The couple lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born . It is described as 'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken in 1992 .
Attorney General Eric Holder has been the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the Obama administration . He addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay . The event included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone .
Andre Gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity . He claims he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look . 'You can see a person behind the bunker's window,' the 58-year-old said .
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh . Bibi's brother said Sidrique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out .
A 17-year-old Michigan girl was found stabbed nine times in the woods in January 1981 . Police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, searched for the troubled teen for 34 years . Now, social media has brought Carol Cole's family and Louisiana detectives together . In February, DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing teen's DNA . New attention to the cold case has brought forward a potential suspect, as well . John Chesson, an already in prison for an unrelated murder, is named as a person of interest .
EU leaders agree to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers . British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin to be sent to region . Prime Minister David Cameron stressed Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK . Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi called the EU measures a 'giant step forward'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions' On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser . Chang allegedly bound the woman and took her son Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington . An Amber Alert was issued for Ronnie Tuesday night, after the mother managed to escape and find help . He says his sister dropped off the boy,
Toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after Alaskan Malamute crossed with a Siberian Huskey . She was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' her by her head . The toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull . Airlifted to Morriston Hospital in Swansea 60 miles away and family are at her bedside .
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering with a witness . Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window 'without hesitation' after eating the brownie on April 14 . Essig wrote on Facebook: 'It was quite the trip for a brownie, I can tell you that much'
Vivienne Garton's West Highland terrier Ben vanished from her garden earlier this month . She began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home . But after she received two calls from man threatening to cut up pet . Caller gave address of empty house in Bristol and a phone number handed to police .
Celebrities sing superfoods' praises and scientists publish countless studies . Londoner Tipper Lewis, 43, has been using them for twenty years . Credits chia seeds, bee pollen and match a green tea with boundless energy . Has been taking them since age 18 and is now Head Herbalist at Neal's Yard Remedies .
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion – Spain’s economy having taken off . But it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . Judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of €100million (£86million)
Researchers have published full DNA sequences of one mammoth found in Oimyakon, northeast Siberia - thought to be around 45,000 years old . The fossils were found on an Arctic island that seems to have become cut off from the mainland 4,500 years ago . But the researchers behind the genetic analysis have urged other scientists not to attempt this for fear of the suffering it may cause . Instead, they say their findings have revealed new insights into evolutionary history and demise of the woolly mammal .
Connor Sullivan, 17, attended first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday before disappearing for roughly 80 hours . After his return, police learned he had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus . Sullivan is thought to have sustained himself on fruit growing in residents' yards and that on trees at his school . The school, which is about ten minutes' drive from the headquarters of tech giant Apple, has rows of pineapple guava fruit trees native to South America . His parents said that the behavior was completely uncharacter
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped . Most of his compensation package consisted of stock valued at $100 million . Schmidt, 59, already is among the world's richest people with an estimated fortune of $9 billion, according to Forbes .
Sanjay Chaddah, 43, accused neighbour's son-in-law of racially aggravated assault . He claimed Dean Paton kicked him and called him a 'P**i' following boundary dispute . But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing .
After one of warmest Aprils on record, there will be dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees . Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days . It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for thousands of runners taking part in Sunday's London Marathon .
Pregnant weather presenter Nicky Buckley enraged critics by showing bump on TV during her nine month pregnancy . The 49-year-old model was told she ' jammed fax machines' at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively . Buckley, now 49, wrote a memoir called 'Nicky Hayley: A Memoir' In her book, Buckley shares how bad the criticism became . She bucked preconceived notions of women in TV .
Syracuse native LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one's self unconditionally . The self-portraits include standing in front of a mirror and embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within her appearance .
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said, 'today we move on' in announcing the company was abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable . The $45.2billion deal would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . FCC regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size TV and internet provider was in the public interest . This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like 21st Century Fox .
Cadbury's is set to release a seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular . The bar will contain one row each of the seven different fillings . People are more likely to try new flavours based on recommendation of loved ones .
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after pensioners Ron Phillips, 70, and wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious outside their cabin on Thomson Celebration cruise liner . Pair accused Finlay of unprovoked attack that left him with gash to his forehead and wife with two fractured vertebrae . But Finlay insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips .
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note . His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital . She said he had been tormented for months by a gang in Coventry . The 16-year-old has been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face .
Vonda Thedford, 55, told Fox News that she was driving along a rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, the restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova failed to get a freebie at four different Pret shops . The 24-year-old didn't tell the staff until after she had been handed a drink . 'I like the guy in that tie" or "I fancy that girl or that boy" was a big fan' - she said .
Child star, 19, killed himself in the head on Thursday morning in Texas . His manager said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life . Sweeten, who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom, said to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy . Ray Romano, who worked with Sawyer for nine years, said he was 'terribly saddened'
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia . Prosecutor Bryan Porter alleged that the accused serial killer should face just one trial as his writings linked the crimes . His trial will be moved to Fairfax County, a judge ruled, over fears for an impartial jury due to the hysteria .
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train . He allegedly punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair . Isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand . The woman was left with bruises and cuts all over her body as well as a concussion after the six-minute ride .
Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies . School officials knew about Altice's inappropriate behavior and didn't do enough to protect the students, the boys and their parents say . Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .
Majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater . Huge water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them . Scientists will be able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes . Volcanoes lurking under the world's oceans may play a far greater role in climate change than previously though .
Tibetan Mastiffs now so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses . Their dramatic decline in fortune is partly blamed on the Chinese government's anti-corruption crackdown . Bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several Chinese cities have had a huge impact on the breed's popularity .
Engineers developed the Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada later this year . It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metres) to beat that record .
Brian Cassidy found the money while picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday . He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police . Officer Dustin Dow went to the store to take a report and learned that a man had visited the security office to claim he'd lost about $4,000 in the parking lot . The man, later identified as Ou Chen, lost $4,000 as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a
The beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has no bathroom, no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or 'Noddy train' Hut 433 commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight, but a rubbish skip is dumped on the beach for hut owners to use . Owners can only sleep at huts between March and October, although they have to share a communal shower block .
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home . Six months later, 16-year-old Lynne Weedon was attacked and raped in 1975 . Both murders linked in July 2006 after matching DNA from the victims . Lynne's mother, Margaret, described the murder 40 years ago as a 'true life sentence' Detectives believe Lynda Farrow, who was knifed to death in 1979, was also a victim .
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to deliver the boy . She cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors but no one knew she was pregnant . Workers went to the bathroom after hearing moaning and crying - but she had already left . They found the lifeless infant wrapped in a plastic bag, wrapped in two sealed bags, and put it in her desk drawer .
Tiny creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . The first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru and it's been sitting in a Russian museum since .
Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China . The five-year-old had punctured her lung and suffered multiple fractures . Her mother cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill .
Taliban annual 'spring offensive' began today with 108 attacks in five hours . US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan targeted . Over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban . The extremists want to turn Afghanistan into an Islamic Emirate, governed by strict sharia law .
One Direction star was seen barefoot and sat next to a sofa at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night . New pictures have emerged appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of his female friends . One image shows him back in the hotel room with a green-haired young lady holding up a cigarette, with the caption 'love' over the image .
Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on shopping trip with daughter Olivia . Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she managed to push her daughter to safety and took full impact . Mother-of-three was rushed to hospital but later died of her injuries . Her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses .
Lucy Mecklenburgh, 23, is face of fake tan brand, Sunkissed . She and younger sister Lydia, 19, posed in swimwear in the shoot . Both love having hair and make-up and doing photoshoots together .
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue . It has hosted lunches for ministers, musicians and captains of industry . The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in 1889 .
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall . Devon and Cornwall assistant chief constable Paul Netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas .
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior during the Warrior Beach Retreat on April 17 . The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort . Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters, who were attending a formal, threw beer off the balcony .
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme . Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type' It is the first time Samsung has released its wearable SDK to developers before the official product announcement, but didn't reveal release dates for either the software or the new device .
Birmingham tops league table for highest number of rat exterminations with 15,000 residents between 2013 and 2014 . Newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the UK with 5 per cent of those living on Tyneside reporting problems . North East city was followed by the City of London where 4.9 per cent people reported problems, and in Knowsley, Merseyside, 3.4 per cent were forced to call in exterminators . Southend, in Essex, is most pest free and residents of North Lanarkshire most likely to report problem .
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers, new study shows . Women's Health Initiative in US and Million Women Study in UK showed strong evidence of HRT . Those who use combined HRT for more than 10 years have doubled risk .
Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry . A two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions . The remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop .
Christien Sechrist, 20, from Houston, Texas, has a large tattoo of his young son's portrait on his left side of his face . The tattoo features his chubby cheeks and big eyes, with the portrait starting at the corner of his eyebrow and ending down by his chin . But despite his critics' negative reactions to the tattoo, the father says he doesn't regret his decision, even claiming that he would happily get it done again .
Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states, with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage . Thunderstorms were predicted to take place in many major cities, including South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas .
Robert O'Neill, a former Navy SEAL who killed Al Qaeda, will host a 'machine gun fun' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event . The Jackson Hole Shooting Experience would also be housed at the Amangani Resort Hotel, perched in the Rocky Mountains . Part of the double-handed trip would include a competition, including pistols, clay pigeon shooting, pistol events and the shooting session .
Labour leader uses keynote campaign speech to claim refugees' deaths could have been avoided following his intervention in Libya to remove former dictator Colonel Gaddafi . Claims crisis is 'in part a direct result' of Mr Cameron's foreign policy . Comes after Tories demanded Mr Miliband apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks . Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year .
George Kirby and Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry . The pair will have a combined age of 195 and the UK's most elderly groom 103 . Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure .
Barbara Beam was being looked after by her sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2 . The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . Officers were called to the home and the smell was so bad that some of the first firefighters on the scene set up a fan by the door .
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment . Police alleged Edmunds used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 . In February, she told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life . She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception, and will appear at Bel
1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000 . But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house . Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall - the license plate still bears his initials . The Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory .
Melissa Ball, 27, and son Grayden were shot dead at gas station in Georgia . Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind to where his wife was parked . Wife Melissa Ball pulled up in her Ford Focus at 7pm and then himself . Police said Ball and Whitmore had history of domestic issues and were separated .
Xie Shisheng, was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by mill owner . Found in small dark room by authorities in Qingyuan in Guangdong province . Said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily .
Navinder Sarao, 37, bailed with surety of £5million over the weekend . Former Brunel University student lived in parents' home in Hounslow, west London . 'Flash Crash' was biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history history . He allegedly used computer programs to create 'spoof' transactions .
Fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities, says Nation's Restaurant News . Chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given Postmates the green light . The app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to Uber taxis .
Troublesome regularly visits Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve . Staff have nicknamed him Troublesome for his liking to the pool and deck area . Troublesome dips his trunk into the pools for a drink and has no problem spraying them with water - or he reminds them who's boss .
Oskar Groening, 81, was once the subject of Josef Mengele's experiments . He allegedly injected her with a 'deadly germ' during a meeting at Auschwitz . The former camp clerk has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials . 'They called me a traitor,' she says of her 'unbelieving' gesture .
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria - water allergy . Condition means external exposure to water is main problem, rather than drinking liquid . Feeging her children can trigger an episode, as their body heat makes her sweat . But allergic reaction tended to depend on the circumstances - and she has trained herself not to cry .
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is the student union Welfare and Diversity Officer . She appeared to ban men and white people from attending a meeting . The photograph was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination .
Liam Byrne was Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown . The memo was found by his Lib Dem successor David Laws . Mr Alexander today replied to the late reply saying there was 'no money' Left note said: 'The deficit halved. Jobs up. Growth up. That's the Liberal Democrat record'
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out . He was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht . Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges . The scheme began in 2013 when Powell took charge of the 62ft Makayabella in the Caribbean .
Travel-inspired jewelry brand Jet Set Candy is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next Kate Middleton by marrying into the British Royal family . The flip side offers eight 'future homes', allocating you anything from a palace or castle to an abbey, manor or house, cottage or even foreclosure .
Record numbers come together at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing . Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta . Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions .
Dan Churchill, 25, was a guest star on Good Morning America (GMA) on Tuesday . He met Hollywood star Blake Lively, who appeared to be living the ultimate Aussie dude's dream . The single surfer admitted that he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds . 'I will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow...' he added .
The Lincolnshire resort joins St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property property . Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year . Cornwall, with its 300 mile coastline, is the nation's holiday home hotspot, with more than 10,000 holiday properties located there .
Ed Miliband has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events .
Lisa Heath, 45, admitted carrying Class B amphetamines after being quizzed . She initially denied the drugs were hers, but later changed her story . Gwent Council confirmed she was being dealt with 'through the appropriate internal channels'
MailOnline Travel looks ahead at exactly what holidaymakers can expect from flights and accommodations in the future . In 15 years digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience . Travelers will be able to drop your bag at automated points in the terminal .
Authorities rejected Paul Nungesser's case that he was a 'serial rapist' who assaulted her after she was classmate . Sulkowicz was allowed to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment . But the case gathered international attention as the German citizen, a senior major in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress to graduation . He also filed a lawsuit citing 'gender-based harassment and defamation'
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions . Future space settlements may also have artificial gravity by rotating around an axis . Several spacecraft docked at the station can also be seen based on similar designs for space planes, allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with ease .
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service' The video features an Australian doctor, known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi . It is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert . One patient is shown being attended to by a Syrian doctor .
The technology is still under development, but could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality . Created by Australia-based Paranormal Games, the app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . Dr Albert Rizzo, director of medical virtual reality at the University of Southern California said he believes potential users would have to send pictures and video of the deceased into a 3D model . He says if I knew I had an incurable disease, maybe I would do a full body scan and have a digital
Controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems . PepsiCo is dropping the ingredient in the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback . Decision comes after a decade of plummeting sales .
Former Montana District Judge G. Todd Baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . He sparked outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case .
Armin T. Wegner, a volunteer military nurse, set up clandestine mail routes with foreign consulates and embassies to get hundreds of notes, annotations, documents, letters and photographs . He was arrested by German authorities and put to serve in cholera wards in Baghdad at the request of the Turkish command . As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word . The US president is unlikely to do so during his upcoming statement marking the anniversary despite pledging to during his election campaign 
Driver caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on 50mph section of the M11 in Essex in 2009 . He tried to avoid a £60 fine and had three penalty points on his licence . X tried to fight the charge in six different courts, concocting various stories including that his cousin was driving, faking a letter from that cousin purportedly confirming this and claiming this had already paid the fine . Finally X has been sentenced to nine months imprisonment at Ipswich Crown Court .
Pasco County Sheriff Deputy Kerry Kempink was responding to a call last Friday . He was stopped by two black Rottweilers which had ran out towards him . Within seconds he had shot the closest dog which was barking at him then turned his gun on the other which ran off . The dog owner, Carla Gloger, pleaded with the officer to shoot the dog .
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, suffered from dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding .
A new species of torrent frog has been found in Brazil . Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . Males and females typically find a spot to . mate in about five minutes . And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators - as they are known to be cannibalistic .
Police confirm Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her Hyundai . The 35-year-old public servant had been missing from her home in Fiji . She was found on Wednesday night in Bermagui, on the NSW south coast . Man, 27, has been charged with her murder and extradited from NSW to the ACT .
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport . State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut . The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg .
Openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, reached his wits' end trying to find a 'boy date' He tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot . Martinez instantly responded to the question with a big 'yes' and excited hug .
Document on Lord Janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse that vanished . The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into alleged government cover up but contents remain a mystery . NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 .
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance . The 25-year-old right hander is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow . He would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season .
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in February . Couple had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off . They were hoping to raise $1,000, but the online campaign failed to draw any donations . On Tuesday their landlord found a note warning passersby of carbon monoxide inside .
In a video, a female commuter is groped while on The Underground . Unusual footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male . After he steps up his creepy efforts, the man gropes her then pushes his groin . One in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport, but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported .
Ariana Miyamoto was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese . The 20-year-old was chosen to represent her country in Miss Universe pageant . Critics have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough . 'Is it okay to choose a hafu to represent Japan?' one commenter wrote .
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon . The 28-year-old was talking on her mobile while walking in Marylebone . Thieves grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag, but ran away . She is said to have been left in tears after the theft reportedly left her in tears .
Karen Buckley, 24, vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month, sparking a four-day police search . Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire . Former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today where he made no plea and was remanded in custody .
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of hostess in Shanghai on Sunday . The British racing driver won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship . A leading group of hostesses has called the ace an 'embarrassment to the UK' Another said his actions showed that he was a 'ignorant clown'
UKIP leader says pain is not 'firing on all cylinders' during early weeks of campaign . But he insists he is now 'back on form' and is suffering from neuralgic pain . He was pictured smoking a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant yesterday . Party leader has been dogged by speculation that he was ill during election .
Scottish First Minister said: 'I understand how people south of the border think, “Oh my goodness how will it work? It’s a mess.’ She also suggested that David Cameron had been ‘not unhelpful’ to SNP by gaining the party greater publicity .
James Webster, 35, targeted women at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire . A fellow shopper spotted him moving a bag closer to his unsuspecting victim . Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the lens of a camera . He admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing . But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to undertake a sexual offences treatment programme .
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday . Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart . It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA . At least four coyotes have been spotted around Manhattan so far this year, and one was seen clambering
Peter Gale was dismissed by Surrey's Nonsuch High School For Girls . 47-year-old sent a series of private emails over a period of months to sixth-form pupil, including messages written at night and during holidays . School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts .
Lord Fellowes plans another heady TV mix of romance, class struggle and social snobbery . He is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel into a new three-part historical drama for ITV . novel tells the story of Doctor Thomas Thorne, who lives in the village of Greshamsbury with his beautiful niece, Mary .
One-eyed Dale Cregan has been transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside . Source said: 'If he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating' Cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012 and was said to have started refusing food at the Category A jail .
Amadio's portrait of a weeping child hit headlines in the 1980s . Yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed painting left unscathed . Case of Wisconsin bunk beds became infamous in 1987 when Alan and Debby Tallman bought houses from a junk store .
Robert Downey Jr asked what he thought of claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' He said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish just speaks to how bright he is' The comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant' It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of interview with Britain's Channel 4 after interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy talked about his history of
Cannabis and cannabis were hurled from roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool . Prison warders had to deploy cherry picker to remove the drugs from roof . Drug haul included 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers .
Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at New York City finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co, has quit her $475,000-a-year position . The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' But many will see the move as a sign that New Jersey governor Christie is coming closer to seeking the Republican nomination for 2016 presidential election .
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . Today, newly-released documents revealed abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years . She secured her pupillage at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983 . Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at legal firm from mid-1950s up until 1986 . But a spokesperson for CPS insisted the pair had never met .
Gran Canaria - just four hours from the UK - is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons . The volcanic outpost in the Atlantic has been redesigned as the swish, sumptuous, adults-only Bohemia Suites & Spa .
Actor and his human rights lawyer wife invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como . The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source .
Labour candidate Michael Foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in Cornwall . He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin . Ms Jenkin claims Mr Foster said: 'If you pick on me again I will destroy you' The Cornish candidate said outburst came after he was questioned about tax plan .
Artist Marco Evaristti poured fruit dye into Iceland's Strokkur Geysir . When they boiled, bright pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . Icelandic authorities jailed the Chilean national for two weeks . Landowners described his actions as 'vandalism' and 'deeply sorry'
Tony McCoy finishes third in his 1,630th race of his career at Sandown Park . He has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once . The 40-year-old has been Champion Jockey in Britain and Ireland since 1996 . AP was reduced to tears as he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former Arsenal player Ian Wright .
A man identified as Walter Witt uploaded the video on Wednesday . Since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . 'Beautiful, the volcano there...' the hiker says as he runs for the hills . Volcano Calbuco has been dormant since 1972 .
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 . She said she expresses her feelings of isolation, both metaphoric and literal, as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be . Marcus, a dancer since she was four, said the experience forced her to revisit her past and also reevaluate her role in her family .
'I'm regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member,' he says with a familiar hangdog smile . David Cameron and George Osborne privately describe Nick Clegg as a 'closet Conservative' While some Labour MPs fantasise that Ed Miliband could have persuaded Uncle Vince to defect, Labour would walk the General Election .
Kevin Coulton put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout . But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin . He said: ' Everyone’s doing it and I just thought I would too. There wasn’t a reason' The craze was sparked after Jenner, 17, told fans how she used lip liner to make most of her lips .
One Direction star Niall Horan leads tributes to 'perfect colleague' Colin Bloomfield . The broadcaster died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury . He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and Derby County commentator .
Ten years ago I signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 Election . I back the Labour party because they had ended the tyranny of 'or' – the idea that you could only have a strong and growing economy . Now I'm concerned that this view isn't shared by the current Labour Party . Take their energy-freeze policy, which betrays a basic misunderstanding of how markets work .
Global Warming Policy Foundation will investigate 'adjustments' made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations . Sceptics claim that the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records . Panel will also examine 'extrapolations' when the records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station .
Bobby Brown, 46, has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report . This news comes just days after the 22-year-old was spotted spending time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia . His daughter was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 .
The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic during NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between New York Islanders and Washington Capitals . 29-year-old was suspended for a week for 'hurtful' actions . Ahead of her return to work, McHenry tweeted: 'Back to work. Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today. Now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that I'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions'
New tests pinpoint genetic 'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness . After surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened . For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent, which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy . Most of the tests are available privately and cost about £2,500 .
Huge bird of prey launched itself from roof onto a birdwatcher's head . Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird . Hoards of twitchers have flocked to the Netherlands hoping to catch sighting . Eyewitness: 'It was a very funny thing to watch, but I'm just as confused as anyone as to why it does this'
Comedian, 47, took part in round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race . Six-strong fleet headed out of harbour to Newport, Rhode Island, U.S. Comedian and travel writer joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing .
Experts say hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that doubles chances of survival . Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000 - more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined .
Qatar's Constellation Group snaps up majority stake in Claridge's, Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel . One Cornwall Terrace was snapped up in 2011 by a company registered in the British Virgin Islands . The two adjoining properties have now been knocked into one mega-mansion, and belong to Her Royal Highness Sheikha Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned . Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassim Bin Jaber Al Thani purchased three apartments at One Hyde Park, including the luxury penthouse .
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Bush 'was beside herself with grief. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' she said in her new book . She said it wasn't until they were both back on the president's Marine One helicopter, heading toward the White House, that Bush addressed the incident . 'That mama sure was mad at me,' said she then saw 'one
Two-up is a century-old tradition that dates back to Australia's goldfields . The coin game was played in dawn services and memorial services to remember those who landed at Gallipoli in 1915 . Men and women were yelling 'heads' or 'tails' as coins were thrown in the air . It is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times . Anzac Day is held every day by Returned Servicemen League clubs and pubs across Australia .
Online pages have reportedly been found targeting Libyan migrants . They are advertising 'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe for $1,000 per person . Discovery comes after 1,700 refugees died in the last week alone .
Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours . The 'activity holiday' can range from Pilates to kayaking, or painting to pottery . An excursion to Venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists .
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, managed to shed 46st in five years . But NHS refused to give him operation to remove his 7st of excess skin . Brit now preparing to have operation in U.S. after plastic surgeon offered to carry out procedure free of charge .
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, on April 16 . There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared, Provo Police Chief John King said . The woman's uncle, Rosemberg Salghado from California, tearfully begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts .
Pippa Middleton is said to be buying up the biodegradable nappies in Geneva . The nappies are not cheap and are yet to catch on in the UK . Kate is unlikely to be too concerned about their cost but will know that using eco-friendly nappies will please Prince Charles .
The eight-week-old Labradors were found inside of a sealed box on April 18 with no food or water inside . The box contained three puppies suffering from heat exhaustion . They have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe . McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee, where the dogs are being treated, said the animals have worms and are malnourished .
Anti-caesarean campaign has been circulating on mother's groups . Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia . He said the rise in Caesareans since the 1980’s has triggered a strong movement .
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Co Armagh . He was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity . Dennis Hutchings, from Torpoint in Cornwall, has been charged with attempted murder . Judge Nigel Broderick said the offence allegedly occurred some time ago .
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at University of Florida and Emory University have been charged with obscene behavior and public intoxication . Nicholas Connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students . The students were staying at the Warrior Beach Retreat on April 17 . They allegedly spat on them, shouted verbal abuse and even urinated on the American flag .
In the early 1970s, Sir Richard Branson brought the Victorian chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business . The Old Chapel wasn't always a complete retreat from Branson's rock 'n' roll world . Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel at South Leigh in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire .
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year in an email to business colleagues . US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street from his parents' house in Hounslow, West London . He was bailed with a surety of £5 million but he has remained behind bars .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Father-of-two Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff . His jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . Put in in his 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital . He said: 'It was like hundreds and thousands of tiny electric shocks'
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January . The 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday . His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on BBC's Crimewatch .
Family of Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign as they pleaded for help to find her missing brother . At least 18 climbers were killed after a devastating earthquake rocked Nepal . Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones . One of them is 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59 .
Strategists claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’ Uses ‘neuroscience’ and ‘business psychology’ to help people find ‘inner voice . Firm details how it can help politicians on its website .
Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by her sister . The SNP leader denies her sister's claims she shaved heads off Barbie dolls . She said: 'For the record I think my sister is misremembering. I'm sure it was a Sindy doll. #dollgate'
With its blend of Portuguese and Chinese culture, it didn’t take them long to discover the unique appeal of Macau . Judith Chalmers and her husband Neil were impressed by just how clean and tidy Macau is . The stunning Macau Tower has the world’s highest bungee jump . Skywalk X, where you are harnessed and take a thrilling - if that’s the word – walk around the outer rim of the Tower .
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin . But the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . Lin fired his gun four times at Stephens even though he had a cellphone .
Pauline McKee will not receive the $41million jackpot she thought she won from the slots at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa . The 90-year-old grandmother had won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . Iowa Supreme Court ruled that the game's rules and pay table amount to a contract between the casino and the player .
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other . After the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else . The show is set to premiere this summer .
Olivia Grant stayed at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort in Phuket . She grabbed a tuk-tuk from outside the hotel called Seduction . The strip is where zen goes to die .
The Eagles Palace is a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast . It is 90 minutes' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki, along a road that meanders through olive groves and low-lying wooded valleys .
Police pulled over the famous car as it travelled between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning . Officers joked that the car had a 'leaking flux capacitor' from the movie . Delorean was built in Belfast and used for promotional events, weddings and birthdays .
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on scene of inferno at block of flats in Prestatyn, North Wales . His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished . Jobless alcoholic Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family .
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar . Do your best lindy hop to the sounds of 1940s-style bands, ogle vintage cars and indulge in a cream tea on a steam train . The Cotswolds Olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by a local barrister, Captain Robert Dover .
Adam Barker is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work . The 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 . It also has assets of nearly £1.2million, the Daily Mirror reported . Barker would have similarly received a one-third share the previous year .
Man was given a life sentence after Derby Crown Court . Court heard how he 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse . He had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother who did not live with them . 'It's come to me having a baby and to the father being my dad,' she said .
Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured . She was walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement . Ms Flynnd 'disappeared' down the gap in the road and landed on rubble below .
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, left notes on door of family home . The qualified nurse referred to African-American neighbors as 'n*****' One of the notes read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop' Another said 'U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [sic] now' Mother who lives next door, who only wanted to be identified as Elizabeth, said she is struggling to explain the content of the messages .
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW . Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down in the streets as he made his way to work on Friday morning . Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fire on him and his driver, who was injured in the attack . A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill Cuyahu as 'revenge'
The software programmer has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess . If right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old . The betting public believe the latest addition to the royal family will arrive on Wednesday - the couple's fourth wedding anniversary - or Thursday next week with odds of 4/1 .
The rifle was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains, according to police report . The FBI agent also reported that his gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft . It happened just a week before President Obama visited Utah earlier this month .
Brynn Johnson's 17-month-old daughter Rowyn was killed in September last year when Cassie accidentally ran over her with her car . The two women forgave Cassie for what happened, acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident . In order to deal with their grief, they started a charity called Raise for Rowyn .
A bill that would make Hawaii the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21 cleared the Legislature on Friday . The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . It includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders . 90 percent of daily smokers begin the habit before age 19, according to the State Department of Heath .
Store front of upmarket Foxtons Brixton branch was covered in shattered glass . 'No evictions' and 'yuppies' spray painted on their housing advertisements . One of event's organisers denounced violent actions of 'one idiot' But said there could be a reason Foxtons has been 'continuously targeted' Organiser Cyndi Anaso told MailOnline: 'I'm not happy about this'
Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall . The father-of-one was left with life-changing injuries, including a loss of vision and facial scars after the alleged attack last December . Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30 .
Father-of-three Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber . He was on his second shift at the Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester . Man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the cash . CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on Tuesday . The brave cashier bravely tackled the raider, who was white between 16 to 18 .
Scottish scientist is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . Lasers orbit earth to harvest sunlight and convert it into laser light . Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back to earth . Dr Adrian Quarterman says the lasers will be able to fire at solar panels to boost the energy they are receiving . But he has not ruled out the possibility of someone using them for weapons .
Michelle Manhart took an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it a week ago . At the protest, held on Friday, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . Police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration, and they issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . Meanwhile, tensions rose at Valdosta State when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on Tuesday .
Scientists have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see . Tests are being carried out in a dedicated flying room based at the University of Sheffield . One day it is hoped remote controlled machines could pollinate crops .
Aaron Kaufman accused of blowing $100,000 on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid . Blue Shield claims Reid 'behaved inappropriately' at one event by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media . Reid, 39, shot to fame on the back of roles in The Big Lebowski and American Pie . Lawsuit also claims Kaufman set company back $879.84 for night .
Judge rules number plate was deliberate reference to 1982 Falklands War . Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said BBC was 'provoking people' when they drove it . She said: 'It is not up to me to investigate or evaluate the decision' The BBC claimed the plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence' But Top Gear chiefs had not acted in 'bad faith' in changing the plates .
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd . They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace . Final followed seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table' It brings to an end the eleventh series of the popular BBC weekly contest .
Tories are party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on . Set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid .
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years . The hotel has beautiful views across the Stour Estuary . It has a grand twin-towered church that originally was meant to be a spa .
Sabeen Mahmud, a prominent women's rights activist, was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night in an upscale Karachi neighborhood . The gunmen pulled up next to her vehicle at a traffic light and sprayed it with bullets . Her sandals remained resting in the footwell of the driver's seat while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood . Friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan .
Police received a phone call from someone saying they had stabbed their roommate at Manchester University, Indiana . The person was possibly armed with explosives, the university said in a campus alert . University issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place .
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday . The outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada .
Farage was seen with his supporters at event in South Thanet on Friday evening . Farage’s Labour opponent Will Scobie claimed a group of his campaigners had been attacked by National Front members chanting for Ukip in Broadstairs .
A man with an Australian accent calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the Islamic State Health Service . The vision is the latest in a string of propaganda videos from the depraved militant group .
The former Olympic gold medalist has revealed that he is looking to transition from a man to a woman . The 65-year-old has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, including the shaving down of his Adam's apple, as part of his reality series Keeping Up With The Kardashians . He confirmed that this is the last time he will appear as Bruce before becoming 'her'
Painting shows Nicola Sturgeon as a dominatrix in a short red dress . But instead of being offended, she is 'tickled' by the image . It is said to grace the wall of Sturgeon's suburban Glasgow home . Husband, Peter Murrell, is known as Penfold after Danger Mouse's crush in cartoons .
Lindsay Sandiford is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine . The 58-year-old is expected to be executed by the end of 2015 . She broke down in tears when she learned her close friend is due to be shot . Andrew Chan, a member of the Bali Nine drugs gang, is to be put to death . His brother Michael has said the execution has been scheduled for Tuesday .
A suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire . Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan was killed in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region . A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Anbar province .
Elders React is a social media app that allows users to share photos that will disappear within a few seconds . But most of the seniors say they understand the appeal of the app, which isn't really a play on this 'tweet' thing .
A formal ceremony begins to honour diggers who fought and fell there a century ago . A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings . Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance . Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror they were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey .
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was told he may need leg amputated . His sons, Anthony and Ian, are gently trying to broaden his palate . Turning round his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise .
166816 is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday . Henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 . User would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it . This type of attack is uncommon and reportedly easy for malicious staff .
NBC's committee investigating allegations that Brian Williams has misrepresented his reporting in war zones . They are looking at stories he's told about the Tahrir Square anti-government uprising in early 2011 . There is no footage of Williams on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' However, doubts have been raised about whether he was at Tahran Square .
Former prime minister says SNP wants chaos after the General Election . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers are 'all evasion', former PM says . He urged people to vote Labour to end bedroom tax, food bank poverty, . zero-hours contracts and NHS neglect .
Isidro Garcia, 41, has pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . Garcia took the girl to a neighboring county where he told her she would be deported and separated from her mother if she contacted authorities . The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her, police said . He later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday . Her body was found on Friday in the rural area of Brown County, Indiana . Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge . Toxicology reports for the young woman will not be available for 10 to 14 days .
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years and found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a tunnel . The metal may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake . Gomillionez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king . It could help settle a debate over power wielding in the mysterious Maya city .
Queen placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m . This compares to 285th place, despite the catastrophic economic crisis . Len Blavatnick topped the list with £13.17bn, rising to £13bn last year . The wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547bn . Those placed lowest on the 1,000 have around £100m, up from £258bn in 2009 .
Samantha X is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort . The mother-of-two said she was 'shocked' her revelation garnered so much attention . Ms Goff said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure .
The nine-gram robots - built by engineers at Stanford University - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed Tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future .
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter . She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia . The National Human Rights Commission has launched its own investigation, which its president Luis Raul Gonzalez would seek to ensure there is 'no impunity' in the case .
Qatar bought majority stake in hotel company Coroin - which owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught . It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion . The state's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings . These include The Shard, Harrods and One Canada Tower - centrepiece of the Canary Wharf financial district .
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found a 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park . She named the teardrop-shaped gem a 'hallelujah diamond', claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem . Clark plans to keep the pinto-sized diamond, which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year .
Gable Tostee, 29, was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright when Tweed Heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars . The accused balcony murderer was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase with police across state borders . He admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered . Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release, saying 'Tostee did not have access to his regular prescription medication'
The public health agency (PHA) confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease . Results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until next week . In the UK, the viral infection that attacks the brain and nervous system has been largely eliminated from the animal population .
Football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger's bravery . Twitter users claimed that the tweets were inappropriate and un-Australian . '#sackScottMcintyRe Great day for Australia ruined by this fool,' Darren Gilmore wrote . Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull was furious after tweeting them .
Onlookers describe moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a 'monster' Great White shark attacked 26-year-old man on South Australia's west coast . Chris Blowes was surfing 350 metres offshore when 'massive' shark struck . Surfer Glenn Lugg says 'I was just watching the shark go out to the ocean with his board still attached'
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered Wednesday . Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert . He had sent photos of the bodies to the children's biological father, who sent them to him as a 'birthday gift'
Judge said that Sweet Cakes by Melissa discriminated against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel . They refused to make the couple a commitment ceremony in June 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons . Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service . The couple said they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children after the case received widespread attention .
A woman was rescued from her car at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east on Saturday afternoon . She was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work . The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm . Streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across Sydney and the Blue Mountains .
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after being caught in a storm on Thanksgiving . His sailing mate Kenny Corder was thrown into the water with him, and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive . The Coast Guard is still looking for the sailing boat he was lost in in December .
Xie Xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at Daxu High School . Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . Both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class, and looking forward to their future studying in tertiary education .
Los Angeles Angels are willing to pay $68million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas . The 33-year-old outfielder has a history of substance abuse . He filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in February after ten years together .
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies . Former friend says he is using the site to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs . Lynch updates social media feeds with 'selfies' and photos of takeaway meals . He has had tattoo, drinks vodka, plays online games and has a gym trainer .
Fred Pagan, office manager and office manager to Thad Cochran, R-MS, allegedly seize package with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL . Raiding his home on Thursday, they uncovered 181.5 grams of meth . Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year . He is charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and one count of importing a controlled substance . The 49-year-old was released on Friday after an initial court appearance .
The 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies . The outdoor SeaPlex activity area is clearly aimed at younger cruisers . There's an observation capsule, a roller disco and a circus school .
The star's fortune eclipses the fortunes of household names such as Kylie Minogue and Sir Cliff Richard . Last year alone he earned £45 million, making him the best paid DJ on the planet . The very word ‘celebrity’ flies in the face of everything Calvin Harris stands for .
Architect and photographer Yener Torun challenges the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul . Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph . The 32-year-old aims to show a clean minimalistic view as it contrasts with the ornate, Ottoman architecture .
Tracey Woodford has been missing since Tuesday, police revealed . Her dismembered body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd yesterday . She is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken back to property of a man she left a town centre pub with, police said . The 47-year-old's body was found with 'massive injuries' at the property . A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested .
David Cameron subsequently admitted he'd suffered a 'brain fade' during the election campaign address in Croydon, where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities . He was pulled up on the error after the speech, which he read from an autocue, but the party has since admitted it was not included in his prepared text . The two teams do both play in a claret blue colours, albeit in stadiums 130 miles apart .
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE, at St Mary's Hospital, London . The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . If all goes to plan, the Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at private Lindo Wing of the hospital .
Since March Coca-Cola has put red lids on Diet Coke bottles to make consumers aware of the colour-coded tops available . The dieters have taken to Twitter to express their disappointment at the changes . Coke Zero and reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour .
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl . Chicago's Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece . The Royals have not said whether they plan to appeal their punishments, which would begin Sunday's series finale because of a rainout Saturday .
Labour leader accused of plunging General Election campaign to a 'new low' Claimed Cameron bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees in Mediterranean . Tory leader Nick Clegg accused Miliband of 'hypocrisy' over Iraq conflict .
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife Valbona Lucaj pleaded no contest on Friday to a reduced charge of owning a dangerous dog causing death . Sytsma, 46, was mauled by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit . The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane cords while jogging in July, and was 'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes . They could be
Mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, is sailing away from RCI to Thomson and will get a new name, yet to be announced . Magellan, 'new flagship' of cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury .
Belle Gibson created The Whole Pantry, which helped her battle cancer . She was given the 2014 Fun Fearless Female Award in Sydney last year . Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she 'doesn't win' the award . The Cosmo says the award won't be taken off Ms Gibson despite her admission of lying about her cancer lies .
Lutfur Rahman 'played race card' to silence critics over vote-rigging scandal . But his deputy today said claims there is 'deep-rooted racism' in Tower Hamlets . Legal ruling condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud .
Grace Mann, 20, was found choked to death in her rented home last week . Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder . He is accused of murdering Mann and fleeing the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia . The Manns, who drew attention to their daughter's record as an outspoken feminist and keen campaigner at the University of Mary Washington .
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday . A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, attracting the attention of hoards of fans, both male and female . Officials from the U.S. and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, of Depew, Oklahoma, got stuck about three miles from a hotel in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula . They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, but never showed up . Instead, they were stuck in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs .
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area . A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake . Sebastian Lovera, 22, from Tonbridge, Kent, is among those listed on Google Person Finder .
Father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their 11-year-old daughter to Pink concert in Newark on December 2013 . The girl admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go' The father said he disagreed with the 'sexually suggestive' nature of some of Pink's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it . But a New Jersey judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they aren't necessarily inappropriate
Bruce Jenner revealed Friday night that he identifies as a woman - his 'true self' and a childhood dream - in an ABC interview . The former Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance . Last night, he revealed he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly-anticipated sit-down .
Steelcase's the Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being part of an open office work community . The design for Brody is based on The Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute in Sweden's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive . 70 per cent of offices have low or no partitions as they embrace open office plans .
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981 . First Black Mass trailer released this week showed Debra's transformation to a grey-blue in the role . Davis said it's too early to relive Bulger's reign of terror throughout the city from the 1970's . Movie will be released in September and is expected to cost $65 million .
Wally the wallaby was thrown from his mother's pouch when she was hit by a car . The marsupial has been to two weddings, a ninth birthday party and attended her children's school for show and tell . Queensland woman said her pet got 'back to great health' nine months on .
Ivy nightclub in Sydney's Martin Place played loud dance music during the minute's silence . A contractor is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . Thousands took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions . Some have taken to social media to voice their fury, with a flurry of tweets taking the restaurant to task over the incident .
Angela Merkel has demanded a new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean, where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy . David Cameron insisted at an emergency EU summit on Thursday that the UK would not take any of the refugees .
Researchers observed randomly selected parents at playgrounds in New York . Children were more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone . They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed .
Peter Moore shocked after receiving letter from HM Revenue and Customs . Letter addressed to 'representative' of Peter William John Moore . Added that officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax . Mr Moore's wife Debbie said she was left 'gobsmacked' until her husband walked through the door .
Republican Senator Rand Paul, 52, shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian . The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on banknotes .
Teenager discovered the hard way locals should not be toyed with after his affront to a monkey in Shimla, India . The monkey first jumped onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past . Footage was captured on a CCTV camera near an office in the area .
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society . David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident . He was wanted for a robbery committed last Thursday, according to sources .
Bus ploughed into engine of Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 jet . Passengers travelling to Edinburgh and Zadar, Croatia were delayed hours after two Ryanair planes clipped wings at Dublin Airport .
Two SEALs were found at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story . One SEAL died and another was critically injured at the base on Friday . Both were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group Two .
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the pupil at Rydens School, Hersham . The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . Father-of-one admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child . He was banned from working with children or having unsupervised contact with anybody under the age of 18 . Max Clifford was jailed last year after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults between 1977 and 1984 .
Every village in the mountains has at least one choir, and their own particular variation of traditional dress . Despite much trawling on the internet, a guide decided to combine a group walking tour with an independent excursion of his own .
Bruce Jenner and his second wife published a blog detailing their love affair, idyllic marriage and the revelations that led to their divorce . The pair met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover . They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon . A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody . Bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in Malibu . But when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three,
Colin Shearing, 70, fled to Paris to avoid being jailed for sex attack on girl . He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order' Swansea Crown Court heard he crossed Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris, before moving to a second hotel . Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for his arrest .
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in Gallipoli offensive . Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner . Queen joined a ceremony of remembrance at Westminster Abbey . Prince Charles gave moving reading about troops weeping when they left .
Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service .
Liverpool dumped out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday . Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy . Manchester United and Chelsea have spent more than their Merseyside rivals - so too have City by a fraction . Tottenham have won two trophies and, like Liverpool, have won nothing .
John Doyle, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across road outside school . Businessman Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing without slowing . Mr Doyle tapped lollipop stick on roof of BMW and told driver to be more careful . But he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked him . Plunged punch to Mr Doyle's face but managed to knock off his glasses . He was found to have suffered fractured rib and a punctured lung .
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position by signing cheques totalling £30,000 . Claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth . The proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors . Instead, Harkin continued to write cheques, even forging deputy head's name .
Gareth Bale is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and manager in Football League . Real Madrid star has only spent one season in the lower divisions, but it would seem strange to leave him out of this team . Ashley Williams is an established top-flight international centre back and captains his club and country . Morgan has made over 400 Football League appearances across successful spells with Forest and Leicester City .
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for £28million . The 19-year-old left back admits he has struggled to live up to his price tag . Shaw claims he was left out of the team for the next four games .
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of French exam . French teacher decided she could take dog Holly into five-minute recorded test . Staff at Bodmin College in Cornwall have worked with pupils to combat stress .
Capital One is the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers . Company has also warned that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1 . Last month, the EU Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2% of the transaction value for debit cards and 0.3% for credit cards .
Adriana Alvarez, 22, is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . The first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a 'decent place to live' with good schools for her three-year-old son Manny . 'When it rains, water steeps into the apartment, the only place she said she can afford to sleep in,' she writes .
Derby beat Blackpool 2-0 to keep their position in the play-offs . Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Steve McClaren's side . But Ince made it 3-1 in the first half with a well-worked finish .
Edward Moore was assistant director of music at King Edward's School in Witley . He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office, a court heard . After incident, the 24-year old told her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day' Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months on Friday .
Audley Square House will be a complex of houses, flats and penthouses . Each townhouse will have its own gym and swimming pool, gym and spa . John Caudwell bought garage in Mayfair, central London, for £155million . But 'super prime' complex could be knocked down and cost up to £2billion .
Ipswich defeated Cardiff City 2-1 in their final playoff match in Glasgow . Cole Skuse opened the scoring with a 30-yard effort in the first half . Bruno Ecuele Manga stepped up to make it 2-1 before Daryl Murphy made it three minutes later . Freddie Sears scored his third goal in the 90th minute to give the hosts victory .
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the Hawthorns club . Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million . He confirmed he would be open to offers in February . Manager Tony Pulis has been assured the deal will be done by July .
The Robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at Valley Parade . James Tavernier's brace and more goals from Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham secured victory and promotion . Bristol City became the first side from the Football League to win promotion this season .
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Midlands club . Owner Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million . There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China . Pulis dismissed any worries over Saido Berahino after being shown again taking nitrous oxide a year ago .
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery, a coroner has ruled . He died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby’s head . Coroner also concluded that senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth .
Indian government has established three-mile exclusion zone for the Sentinelese people . Located in the Bay of Bengal, the uncontacted tribe is an enigma . It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders . The only existing images or video clips that do exist are of poor quality .
Trials show Avastin gives women around four months' extra life . Drug has now been licensed by European regulators . Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use .
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface . This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares that can endanger Earth .
Protein World is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign . Advertisement features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'are you beach body ready?' Campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans . More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed . Protein World’s marketing boss Richard Staveley said the firm had received bomb threats . Advertising Standards Authority confirmed it had received 277 complaints .
Philip Gigante, 41, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont . He hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice . 'It’s frightening for not just me but all village residents aware of his background,' he said . The Republican lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job .
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Spain . She fell while talking to her mother on the phone on April 3 . 21-year-old was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of injuries . Authorities initially said fall from fourth floor balcony was a suicide bid . But student said she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for review . A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to review her case .
Chris ordered computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart . The delivery information detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey . Chris said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay .
Tony Hunt is furious after neighbour reported his daughter's cat had been hit . He spent two days putting up ‘lost cat’ posters in his area before finding out . When he contacted police officers, they coldly told him Harry had been 'disposed of' Derbyshire Police investigating and one officer was a WPC .
At least one person is dead after a storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta on Saturday . The storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9pm . 'We knew we were totally lost at sea,' said Dauphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier .
Jisr al-Shughour was captured by al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra last night . Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on city . Video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter as he enters . Man behind camera claims Islamist have 'liberated' the city in video .
The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital . He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children . Went to Channel 5 News correspondent in which he expressed no remorse for killings . Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip .
Gibraltar could be new home of Britain's nuclear submarines, it was reported . SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but Conservatives and Labour committed to retaining base on the Clyde . Other options for a new home include Falmouth, but the potential political fall-out of moving the submarines to the Cornish coast .
Two Costas will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch . Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop . Planners said there was no legal reason to refuse .
NHS says new guidance will improve patients' end-of-life care . But medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly . In some surgeries, nurses are cold-calling patients over 75 or with long-term conditions and asking them over the phone if they havethought about resuscitation .
Duchess of Cambridge's second child is expected before end of April . Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week . But Kate may have already spoken to doctors about possibility of being induced . Source: Doctors 'will probably have been in touch with Kate for more than a week' Joint favourite dates for royal baby to be born are tomorrow and Tuesday 6/1 .
Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, sat outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville, urinating on the U.S. flag . He was one of many Iraq veteran to respond to allegations that frat members drunkenly taunted soldiers attending the Warrior Beach vacation retreat . Students 'hurled beer bottles at attendees', said one veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, who founded retreat after her son lost both legs in an IED blast .
Tayler Chaice Buzbee forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning . But after calling the office, an assistant apparently removed nine-month-old son, Attley, from her arms while she was breastfeeding him in the dentist's chair . Instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility - but she had no option . Midway through the appointment, Atyler reportedly started to make a fuss . The hygienists did not mind nursing her son - and one
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday . Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught . Learnt what he knows from reading, websites like YouTube and watching TV . He said: 'You can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you’re passionate enough'
London Mayor appeared alongside Mr Miliband on Andrew Marr Show . Pair's encounter quickly descended into a furious shouting match . Mr Johnson replied: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' He said Labour could not take power without the support of SNP .
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last summer in Vermont . It's believed that Freeh, 64, severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death within a minute or so if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent . Freeh lost control of his vehicle and crossed into oncoming traffic before driving off the road and into a tree . He nearly ran into three other drivers, who were luckily able to swerve out of the way before crashing head-
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England . But actual number affected by their mother's s drinking could be far greater . World Health Organisation suggests one in 100 babies born in UK could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems due to exposure to alcohol .
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of three affluent neighborhoods that makes up Los Angeles' Platinum Triangle . The 66-year-old designer bought the mansion for $14.4million in 2005 and spent $30million more on renovations . His personal office is adorned with domed gold-leaf ceiling and number of rooms feature one-of-a-kind lighting fixtures .
Six dancers filmed twerking at the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk . Two of the girls were jailed for ten days and a third was handed 15 days . Another dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 . Mayor of Novowice said to be 'outraged' at the 'unacceptable' clip .
A new video reveals what happens in a child's mind when they become angry and upset . 'My brain can get a headache and it can start hurting,' says one child . Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their anger .
Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth over £2m . Plans drawn up by shadow chancellor Ed Balls will see owners with properties worth between £2m and £3m pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax . Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax' and warned families living in much more modest properties could be dragged into the taxy .
Corporation is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space . New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet, took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013 . Huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a 'meeting tower' on stilts in the atrium .
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is also too unstable to turn into medicine . But UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical . Chemical blocks inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis .
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life when the bridal company she paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down . The 31-year-old was left feeling 'panicked' and 'anxious' when she was faced with the news that she would need to find a new dress for her big day . Bridal Centre's Facebook page was inundated with messages from disappointed brides who already had their hearts set on a wedding dress .
Alaska State Troopers say 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla . He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
David Cameron has faced criticism over a campaign lacking passion . He said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy . Will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying Labour backs them . Tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses .
Researchers at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 men and women . Found drinking one large 250ml glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex and more likely to 'get lucky' Three groups of people were sober, tipsy and drunk .
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese . French are renowned for their love of the stinky stuff, but we are not far behind . One in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything .
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . The anti-ageing expert is combining drugs and supplements with regular health checks and regular exercise as part of his quest for longevity . He remains confident that his lifestyle will allow him to reach the 150-year milestone .
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs . Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, wax his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair . Mike can even wax his underarms, legs, upper lip and chin, and can even perform a Brazilian wax . 'He’s seen everything, there’s nothing I wouldn't let him see,' Sharon said .
ESPN's First Take anchor Stephen A. Smith has again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence . Smith tried to claim that Floyd Mayweather Jr's career should be separate from his domestic violence history . He told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and 'should feel that way'
Prime Minister said Scottish National Party would prop up minority Labour . He said government would be a 'disaster' and bring forward dream of independence . But Lib Dem minster accused PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling . Comes as polls indicate General Election race is still neck and neck .
Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl according to YouGov poll . 12 per cent thought that the child should be named after William's mother . Alice and Charlotte are next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent .
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times . The mother-of-two set a phenomenal word record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003 . She has never won an Olympic medal but has been let down by her body .
Nurses brought Madison Hurd's prom right to her bed at the Children's Hospital and Medical Center in Omaha, Nebraska . After a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from Seward, Nebraska, in the hospital . Nurses even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council .
Candidate Zoe O'Connell, 37, used to be man, Sarah Brown, 41, and Sylvia Knight, 39 . They were once straight married – when Ms Brown was a man . Now they live together in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge .
Owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- urged their cars to check out . Spanning just over a year, the models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015 . Website run by federal government confirmed there is a risk 'cable insulation' in the Colorado 'may melt of catch fire'
Oil painting was thought to be the work of a follower of 16th century renaissance master El Greco . But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself . Painting was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little . Son, who has not been named, kept it in loft for past eight years before deciding to sell following clear-out .
Protein World ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' Campaigners have been outraged by the sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure towering above train platforms . Online fitness store Protein World have been actively engaging in the furore on social media . They claim the image is entirely unPhotoshopped .
Professor Stephen Hawking was asked what is the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction . The legendary physicist was speaking as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK . 'Finally, a question about something important,' he said . Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction'
Gina Bacconi puts some of her dresses in a more subtly different style than the fashionable one . The style is reminiscent of Herve Leger’s famous bandage dresses . Her bust means that a 36DD bust usually creates a gigantic shelf of bosom .
Shelly Nicholas of Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was ordered to sit in her hot car after a cop cited her for leaving her dog inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat . Nicholas drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs in her unventilated Nissan Sentra . Officers wrote her a ticket and forced her to sit inside with the windows up and ignition off .
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box . The men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market . They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea . Guinea, as well as all other African countries home to great apes, have a low rate of animal prosecution .
Around 1,000 tourists have amassed at Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu in the hope of getting out of the country . British Foreign Office has advised tourists to follow the advice from local authorities . The company run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year .
Terry Proctor of Piedmont, 29, was caught after a foot chase, police said . The truck was stolen from the victim on the man's birthday . Police tried to pull over the stolen vehicle but the driver did not stop .
David Duane Watson, 46, a Tucson firefighter, was arrested Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say was motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter . Watson's murder was as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights over the girl in 2003 . Three years later, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson’s home . Police said at a press conference on Saturday that Mr. Watson had been the prime
David Cameron was giving a campaign speech in south London this morning . He joked that everyone should back his team – but chose West Ham instead . PM said he had been 'overcome by something' and had gone 'off script' He likened himself to Green Party leader Natalie Bennett infamously blamed a 'brain fade'
Nicola Sturgeon said Labour leader Ed Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes' Labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010 . Polls indicate General Election race is still neck-and-neck with the country heading for a probable hung parliament and coalition negotiations .
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section . The 29-year-old was on holiday in Benidorm with her partner Jordan Jackson . Couple told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up strength . Mr Jackson is a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps .
Chris Blowes was attacked by a 'massive monster' in South Australia . The 26-year-old lost a leg and was airlifted to Adelaide hospital on Saturday . Friends have begun to send their love and support to the man .
Documentary Lair of the Megashark was screened on the Discovery Channel last year during Shark Week . The crew attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator who decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope . They can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously . One shark can be heard saying: 'I don't think this is such a brilliant f*****g idea you know'
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans would step in if Nigel Farage quits . Farage has revealed he is suffering from recurring spinal injury . He is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits . Has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in Thanet South .
George and Amal Alamuddin's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend in Venice . The hotel is on the island of Giudecca, a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5miles in length . Venice is hosting its Biennale Art Festival, an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country's best works of art .
James Holmes, 27, was once sought-after neuroscientist-in-training . Evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence . Prosecutors are trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill . He is expected to be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital .
The Hudsonian Godwit was last seen in the UK in 1988 . The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts . In good weather, many birds make the trip south without stopping .
Sydney was pummelled by a three day 'cyclone' Saturday's storm was the result of an East Coast Low, also known as an extratropical cyclone . Lightning-like hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day . The freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air .
Security is being increased at other airports in Southern California . Officials found out that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel . Despite the increase, officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation .
Mark-Francis Vandelli, 26, has been collecting watch since his teens . His most expensive item is a white gold Moonphase, which he bought earlier this year . One of his flashiest is the Bulgari Bulgara Chrono 42, which can be bought online for £6,5000 .
PM this morning faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far . Tory donors round on party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away . But Mr Cameron pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues . He said he would campaign on 'more jobs, more homes, more business'
Radio 1's Chart Show has been branded a 'banal failure' by veteran presenter . Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the show by employing 'ignorant' DJs who are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records . Former DJ said he was particularly annoyed when Clara Amfo appeared to dismiss superstar Paul Simon .
According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . Women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs . Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley investigate the links between gender and the brain .
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' Comes after National Front members turned up to campaign for him . Farage was supported by East Kent English Patriots at event in Broadstairs . Shadow minister's remarks come after Farage dragged into fresh racism storm .
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica said that his team is working on two new versions of Google Glass . One of which was 'in preparation' was Eric Schmidt's appointed new leader for the product . New versions of Glass thought to aim at a lower cost, longer battery life and improved sound quality .
Crowds started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night . Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India . Security guards were unable to control the sheer number of passengers vying for a coveted place in the queue .
Earthquakes of similar magnitude have bigger effects on different parts of the globe because of the manner of building construction . A 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million people in California, but has killed at least 1,900 in Nepal . Nepal is under constant threat of natural disaster, but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents .
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, while dressed as Poison Ivy . Monroe County Sheriff's Office confirmed on Saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of Bruck . She was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig .
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs . Her mother Amanda Lubiebieski was outraged when she found out other children at Abby's school were allowed to wear their glasses for the photographs .
Danny Nickerson, 6, of Massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013 . Last July, his request for 'a box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined . On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on Facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Tommy Cox from Essex shares the same side-swept fair hair and smile . The youngster's mother, whose name is Kate, is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike . Tommy, who is slightly older than George, will be two on July 22.
Margaret Mountford describes Lesbos as 'sex tourism capital of the ancient Aegean' Former Apprentice star explores the differences between the ancient concept of homosexuality and our own .
The Kathmandu Durbar Square, first built in 1832, has been almost completely obliterated by the earthquake . More than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below . The 200ft tower was built by prime minister Bhimsen Thapa as a gift to the queen, who was his niece .
Doctors in Kurdistan are performing abortions and secret surgeries . They are allegedly seeking hymen surgery to 'reverse the loss of virginity' Victims as young as eight have been forced to marry and convert to Islam . Around 40,000 people were kidnapped when ISIS attacked Yazidi villages .
Last year Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they'd never conceive naturally . But last September they defied doctors to have daughter Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz . Project manager Sarah said: 'After so many miscarriages, we could not help but worry'
The 416sqm Colonial Georgian residence boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . The sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces, high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen . Only one of two freestanding properties in the NSW Government's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb .
One person was found dead on Saturday and a second was found on Sunday morning . Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities . Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta . Families of those missing stayed overnight in a makeshift shelter hoping to Sunday morning they would be reunited with their loved ones . Survivor Robert Luiten was a member of a five-person crew with also his 18
Mara Jose Carrascosa, 49, was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child . The child was transferred to the Bergen County Jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back to the U.S. Carrasa defiantly refused to bring her daughter home to the United States and thus remained jailed .
Ivan Milat shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, according to Channel 7's Sunday Night program . He confessed to knowing his brother's first victim, Neville Knight, for 50 years . Milat was sentenced to life in prison, but if not for his first crime, his victims could have been saved, program claims .
Anais Zanotti, 30, from Miami, has skydived more than 1,350 times . The French-born model also teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump . She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other junkies . 'I love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking,' she said .
Invitations to service at St Paul's Cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815 . Move criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree' The service will focus on the 'pan-European' implications of the battle .
The artworks were taken between July 17 and August 10, 2010 . They were taken by property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in Darling Point . The items were taken along with three stolen luxury cars . Police executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property three years after the theft . Some of the pieces have been ruled to Chubb Insurance .
Bill Spedding, 63, has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . He was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell, who was three years old when he vanished from Kendall in September . Police will lay more charges against Spedding and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring . Spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of the three-year-old boy .
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . He grabbed his daughter Naomi's face when she slipped off his lap while he ended a phone call with his wife . But the couple call it 'an accident', not child abuse . Brenda Burns has refused to allow social workers and Michigan's Department of Human Services to see Naomi, who was not charged criminally in the case .
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was arrested after a night of heavy drinking at Santa Rita Jail . She was 'verbally argumentative' and didn't seem to be able to take care of herself, BART officers found her sitting on a bench inside a station said SF Gate . As she lies unconscious in a pool of her own blood, medical staff and an officer try to tend to her injuries . Police say that footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police conflict with what police say happened .
Scott McIntyre condemned ANZAC Day on Twitter yesterday as 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport, Ken Shipp said the reporter's 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable' In other tweets, the reporter mocked the Anzac's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . Communications Minister Malcolm Turnball called them 'despicable remarks'
James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday . He hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court with an audible swish . Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money' Houston Rockets teammate Dwight Howard of the Houston Heat issued a response .
SNL star Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday . She joked that 'it feels right to have a woman follow President Obama, doesn't it?' She donned an expensive J.Mendel gown to the formal dinner . Her dress is available online at Bergdorf Goodman in orange but comes with a price tag of almost $6000 .
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant . She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck as he rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car . Perry hid herself from officers in a shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself .
Phone records from early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services in Azerbaijan, Vladimir Putin said . He raised issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of intelligence officers in question . But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia .
When Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old, now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a dumpster on November 21, 1989 . He had heard a sound of a 'very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster, but after moving some trash he discovered Baron's infant body . Bartons, who weighs 4lb 2oz, were reunited last week and beat him to it . Buenna, who initially wanted to adopt the boy, said it was
The breathtaking curves of Arizona's The Wave in the U.S. have created some remarkable features that look as though they aren't even of this planet . Many of them are incredible natural deceptions, such as Yellowstone National Park's Grand Prismatic Spring . The Wave is in Paria Canyon-Vermilion Cliffs Wilderness area that would be hugely popular with hikers were it not so heavily protected .
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by clinging to his pillowcase seven years ago . This inspired her to think of a more permanent way to help others in mourning . The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers .
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport . The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for their flight out to Lanzarote . But officers took exception to the harmless toy when it was picked up on system's X-ray machines . They also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child . Father Phil Hayward branded the checks 'over-zealous' and criticized how staff reacted .
English voters are so alarmed by prospect of being ruled by Nicola Sturgeon . They would prefer to get rid of her with Miliband in her pocket after all . Survation poll suggests David Cameron is pulling ahead of Labour . Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and Lib Dems 9 .
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday morning because of an 'unknown problem' They found 37-year-old Adeyinka Adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . She told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria .
Courtney Terry, 27, was diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago . But her kidney cancer returned when she became pregnant in 2009 . Doctors have advised her to bring forward the wedding because her condition has worsened . She and Billy had been planning to marry in seven months' time . Now the family are relying on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding .
Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night . The man is thought to be an Adelaide Power fan and pushed Clarkson as he made his way back to his hotel room . It's understood the pair had been goading Clarkson in the lead-up to the confrontation . In the video, the man is seen shouting 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?' Port Adelaide CEO Keith Thomas said those responsible would be held accountable if found to be club members
Jeremy Clarkson talked himself out of parking ticket in London today . Former BBC host had left his green Lamborghini parked on yellow lines . Traffic warden recognized him and tried to put a ticket on borrowed supercar . Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked from the BBC last month . Today, James May and Richard Hammond confirmed he will not return to Top Gear .
Protesters threw bottles at police cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and thrown a flaming trash can at police in riot gear . Violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows . Baltimore Orioles beat Boston Red Sox in ten innings, with 36,757 fans watching . Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested last week after being taken into custody . He was due to appear in court on Monday charged with second-degree murder and robbery .
Incredible pictures show the hungry three-year-old big cats attempting to hunt the much larger hippo in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park . Hippopotamus charged towards the two young lions as the large mammal turned around and charged towards them . The dramatic stand-off was filmed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp who has been studying the activities and behaviour of animals in the reserve for years .
Christian Trousedale walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand . The 18-year-old stopped them to take a picture which she then posted online . Photo has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 .
Driver, believed to be in his 20s, was pinned under the weight of the car . His jeans were left on the underside of the red car after 25 minutes . Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free him using clan lucas cutting equipment . Medics say he was lucky to still be alive given the severity of the crash .
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train . She was responding to a call about an opossum on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville around 8am on Friday morning . The volunteer was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator .
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham, with an accomplice on January 13, 2014 . The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me' He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court .
Former Made in Chelsea star joins crusaders PETA on anti-fur campaign . Harvey Nichols backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it . The department store's current range includes coyote fur courtesy of Canada Goose and rabbit pelts from Vince .
Amira Abase, 15, left the UK in February to become 'jihadi brides' in Syria . Now she has tweeted a picture of her enjoying takeaway dinner with another teen . The photo shows a huge Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat . 'Um-ayoub12' is the name of another name for the Islamic State, which is also known as Isis .
Nine in 10 first-time buyers will save them up to £5,000 in tax, Miliband says . Labour's tax break would be funded by further squeeze on tax avoidance . Would also change planning law to give first-timers 'first call' on half of homes .
Tracey Woodford's body was found dismembered in flat in Pontypridd . Her family today described her as 'kind-hearted' and 'selfless' Man, 50, to appear at court tomorrow charged with murder of Ms Woodford, 47 . She is thought to have been attacked in woodland before being taken back to property of man she left a town centre pub with .
Andy Erlam has pledged to end years of 'Rotten Borough' politics . Last week he led four ordinary voters to have Lutfur Rahman removed . Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 . He has been banned from office for five years but has many acolytes .
John Caudwell, 62, sold Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion . He claims his 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire is being haunted by the ghost of a terrified little boy who died in the English Civil War . Women staying in one particular bedroom have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs . The businessman said: 'The little boy was alone in the house. All the men had gone out hunting and the Cromwellians came down the drive'
Labour peer accused of molesting young boys in 1970s and 1980s . Could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia, a lawyer has said . Family of Lord Greville Janner told he will not face child abuse charges . But he could still face civil action from complainants - who could claim £100,000 .
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway . The Canal Trip will be part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes .
Maura Pally, acting CEO of the Clinton Foundation, admitted that the foundation made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors . Fund had been facing allegations of donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium to Russian state atomic agency Rosatom . Pally said the foundation would 'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on audited statements on its website .
Jon Reiter, a contractor from California, was making his third attempt at the summit when the avalanche hit . He said doctors told him: 'Don't worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive' Several people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued . 'We're feeling pretty lucky today,' he told CNN .
Luke Stanwick broke his neck while on holiday with his family in Portugal . 30-year-old is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma . He remains in hospital in the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, for extensive surgery .
G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C . Weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report . Findings prompt an urgent inquiry into the German-made firearm . Heckler & Koch denies the weapon is inaccurate . But National Police Chiefs' Council has asked CAST to consider findings .
Ed Miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts, business and even Labour figures . Said rent controls would give millions of ‘forgotten’ renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices . But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were ‘riddled with loopholes’
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in the VIP suite of a Manchester nightclub . She claims Tottenham winger Aaron Lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top . Waitress, who is on loan to Everton, was interviewed by police on April 15 . The alleged incident took place at Suede nightclub, popular with Premier League stars .
Patients with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others . Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe . This has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the camp . British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945 . Today, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . German president Ronald Lauder said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
Maren Sanchez was stabbed to death on April 25, 2014 at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut . The 16-year-old was due to attend her new boyfriend's prom on the day of her death . Somber remembrances were held Saturday to remember the student . Plaskon, 16, has been charged with murder as an adult .
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children . Former detective said the offences, which included car crime, were crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government . The same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police .
When Prince George's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on Twitter . News of the royal delivery will then be posted on traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace . It is not the first time the Duke and Duchess have chosen Twitter to deliver news .
The Pebble watch keeps things basic — once connected wirelessly to your phone . The battery charge lasts longer than other smartwatches — up to seven days . Neptune Pine has a mammoth 2.4 in face, making it about twice the size of most smartwatch screens .
When Disneyland first opened in California on July 17, 1955, it was predicted 10,000 people would attend . The summer heat on that opening Sunday was so great that some of the newly poured pavement started to soften, and the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement . Walt Disney received a wealth of advice, most of which he ignored before opening his fun park . It was meant that there would be a Peter Pan Crocodile Attraction with live fish .
Art sleuth Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine paintings . Includes works by Chagall and Rivera stolen from an LA mansion in 2012 . Marinello is representing heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in recover it . Paintings found amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt .
Chris Lewis, 68, brought case against former wife Nicola, 48, for 17 years . He claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage . She had a child - Charlie, now 19, as a result but did not tell him, he says . Says she led him to believe that he was the boy's biological father on birth certificate . But DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son and he suffers loss .
Freddie Gray, 25, died from spinal injuries on April 19 while in police custody . Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap . Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray’s family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man . Gray was pronounced dead at the Vaughn Green East funeral home on Sunday .
The NCTC is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy, ABC news reported on Sunday . The family of a US contractor held by Al-Qaeda militants, Warren Weinstein, confirmed it paid a ransom to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000 . Mother Diane Foley welcomed the potential policy shift, saying 'there's a lot that needs to be fixed'
PM has requested it 'urgently review' decision to double some fares . The route between London and Cotswolds is through his Witney constituency . Passengers can currently purchase an off-peak return to London costing £33.30 . From May 17, these customers will be forced to pay £62.40 to come home . Plans angered Mr Cameron's constituents, prompting him to personally intervene .
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials . Officers searched her Brooklyn home and found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries .
The 57-year-old had her first experience of depression as a child . Things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a wall . The mother-of-four has suffered attacks throughout her adult life . She has been married to second husband Phil Vickery for fifteen years . Claims she knew marriage was never right but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak .
Seven students at Brigham Young University were catfished by a woman named Kayla in Texas on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday . The victims all believed they had been involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state . Kayla had stolen the identity of a man named Keagan, who goes to school in Montana . He apologized to the women, most of whom forgive her and say they would have been her friend in other circumstances .
Brian Williams ' embellished at least 11 different reports, an internal investigation has reportedly found . Investigation stemmed from when veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade' Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being hit by an RPG over Iraq . Also further scrutiny turned up other questionable claims, according to reports by CNN and the Washington Post .
Band begin UK tour tomorrow, one year after being ordered to pay back cash . Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald still dealing directly with HMRC . Comes after tax tribunal ruled Icebreaker scheme was created as a way of exploiting legal loopholes . Barlow has already repaid everything she owed from 'tax shelter' scheme .
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman claims we have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the Victorian era . He says we live in a golden age where there have been no major wars in Europe for three quarters of a century . But the economy is stagnating and we're having fewer children, he says .
Pippa Middleton is said to have invested in £4-a-piece nappies for her sister . The Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to the baby in Geneva, Switzerland . Self-warming bottle warms baby's feed to temperature of breast milk in 60 seconds .
The 38-year-old actor has confessed that he's no longer the womaniser we once knew, and hasn't dated in four years . The Irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of HBO's True Detective . He's also the face of the new Dolce & Gabbana fragrance Intenso .
Egyptian-born extremist preacher Hani al-Sibai lives in leafy west London street . He is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John . Security services are believed to be investigating preacher's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Mohammed Emwazi was a part . The preacher has also been linked to Adel Abdel Bari, an aspiring rapper .
One painting shows moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time . The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz, sold for £10,000 . It is thought that after filming was over the studio - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer - sold off the paintings .
Majority is on verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide . Court's 5-4 decision did not address a constitutional right to . same-sex marriage but lower court judges interpreted the ruling as an endorsement of it and began invalidating state bans . Public opinion polls over the last decade have shown large increases in support for gay . marriage .
Lung Wong fossil is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft  (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (2 metres) wide . It belonged to a male Triceratops who lived 66 million years ago . Experts have not revealed when the auction close, but said that a fossil 'of this magnitude and quality is only very rarely available for private sale anywhere'
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after being warned about her health . Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 years old . But after reading the stark warning, she decided to lose weight and quit . By swapping takeaways for healthy alternatives and controlling the amounts she ate, she shed 8st .
Corinthian Colleges was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions . It collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations . The closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education .
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry long-term partner Heather, 54, in November . Couple had dreamed of getting married abroad once discovered pancreatic cancer was terminal . But instead of having the magical day they had planned, they were left reeling . Guests were forced to listen to the song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row . Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid . All 11 guests wrote a separate letter of complaint to Manchester Register Office . Mr Haigh died weeks after the ceremony in November
CT scans of teeth found in Riparo Bombrini and in Lessini Mountains in Italy reveal they belong to a group known as the Protoaurignacian culture . They prove they arrived in southern Europe at around the same time Neanderthals disappeared 41,000 years ago .
RJ Jackson suffers Netherton's syndrome - an incredibly rare skin disease which causes his skin to appear red and inflamed . His skin is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body . But while shopping, his mother Valerie was surrounded by armed police . They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing her son RJ . RJ is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers the illness . 'His skin is bright red and shiny,' said the 35-year-old .
Libyan man convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain . Judges rejected Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old criminal . Case is estimated to have cost British taxpayers a six-figure sum .
White House says Michelle Obama chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services . The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $365,000 . It was paid for from a private fund that is administered by the White House Historical Association and used to acquire fine and decorative arts for the presidential mansion .
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting remote areas around the globe . For his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents . His spectacular images currenlty form part of an exhibition at New York's Foto-Care Gallery .
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening' range for baby's big day . Say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy outfits for fraction of price . 63% of families are concerned about spiraling costs, with items starting at £4 . Comes after a survey revealed the average cost of a baby is now upwards of £300 .
A Reddit user decided that it was a good idea to write a incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their bosses . The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of 'apologize' is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing the letter . They apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and doctor's appointments .
A woman was allegedly forced into her car at a Loveland, Colorado, shopping center Thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk . Police say the woman told them she was forced to drive her own car to an area outside of Estes Park and was then locked in the trunk of the car . When the dispatcher asked 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said .
Dr Sanjay Gupta was asked by a Nepalese hospital to perform a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside . The girl, who lives in a more remote area, only reached Kathmandu's Bir Hospital two days after the earthquake . Around 6,000 people have been injured and are pouring into the hospital, which is struggling to keep up with the demand .
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis . The snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate . It was re-posted by anti-Islamic State activists in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us'
20-year-old Susannah Ross told friends she was going trekking last week . But she has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain . Although many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well .
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing is 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff edge, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air . With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft . Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China, the bridge has been named Yuanduan . It can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once, who each pay an admission fee of 60 
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, in Coventry . The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother Tiffany revealed he had made a full recovery as she thanked the girls .
Red Ed wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on undeveloped land . Sites left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . Shares in housebuilders fell by around 2 per cent before later recovering .
General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. is at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault . The retired four-star general was speaking at a private dinner held by IHS CERAWeek in Texas last week . He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid .
John Suchet, 71, is in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . A death notice in a national newspaper read: 'Bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73. Adored wife of John, devoted mother of Alec and Hereward, mother-in-law of Peta-Jane, grandmother of Finn and Alexa'
Judith Russell took to the stand in trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . She told how she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship . Russell said she was shocked to find her wearing the veil and a new convert . Her husband was convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . His lawyers have argued he should be spared the death penalty .
Bianca Rinehart and her brother John Hancock lodged a Federal Court battle over their mother's trust fund . The emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests . Mr Hancock told his sister 'Fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities' The siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute almost a decade later .
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' The professor said she was 'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done . The university conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found she had not violated the university's sexual harassment and misconduct policy .
The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday . Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon on Baywatch . Jackson was arrested at 7:15am on Saturday and released on $30,000 bail . He is well-known for his troubled personal life .
Chief executive made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper . Ryanair's average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year . Mr O'Leary attributed the fare cuts to lower oil prices to customers . He said Ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs .
Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting . His final request comes as images show a self portrait painted by the artist in his cell, depicting the artist shot through the heart . It comes after it was confirmed that Australians Andrew Chan and NEW will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Pakistani children forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas, there is often little entertainment offered . Some makeshift parks provide the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives . The parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets catering to families .
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side . The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal . After the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon .
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, 56, were shot 'execution-style' at home . They had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage . But moments after the game they were shot, they were found lifeless . David's wife, Nicholas's mother, was in bedroom when she heard gun shots . Dexter Allen, 17, and Haraqyon Degruy, 18, have been charged with double killing .
Baby will be born in Stockholm following her parents' move to the city last summer . Cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother, 32, the little girl was instead whisked off to meet Pope Francis .
Nursultan Nazarbayev, 74, has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan . He told a news conference it would have been 'undemocratic' if he had interfered . Vote was called more than a year before his term was due to end . But monitors have voiced concerns about the poll saying no other candidates .
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939 . She disappeared when he lost sight of her and her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer . Terry Phillips, Joyce's cousin, has accused the Metropolitan Police of a 'cover-up' after they said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to a mystery suspect .
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant . French customs said it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine, more than two tonnes' The Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by the National Crime Agency's Border Policing Command . They remain in custody and are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Monday .
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in UK since he fled Soviet Union in 1970s . Smuggled to West 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions . Now he has been summonsed to appear at Cambridgeshire Police next month . Will be charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child . Also charged with one count of possessing a prohibited image . He is a dissident author and activist who spent 12 years in prison .
Collin Burns broke the previous Rubik's Cube record of 5.55 seconds . US national 'speedcubing' champion shaved 0.3 of a second off the record .
Kayla Mooney, 24, was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend . The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails . Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations .
Celine Bisette, a Canadian prostitute, says she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' This pseudonym is used whenever she is discussing her career . She would like everyone to leave her feeling unhappy about her job . 'I'm embarrassed to be a sex worker, even though I like my job,' she said .
Wisconsin church's Original Pig Rassle tradition has been cancelled after 44 years . Global Conservation Group launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .
Paul Gilbert joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' Also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees . Miliband has faced repeated criticism and off-the-record briefing . But most have seen the sense of keeping quiet about his leadership .
Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed . But senior party sources admit their total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in thirties' Mr Clegg admitted that his party was fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than tenth of Westminster seats .
Matilda Fitt, who played Julia Poldark in the BBC drama, was born prematurely nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz . The 21-month-old won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital, where she was treated for pneumonia . Matilsda, now 21 months old, lives with her mother Hannah, 34, and father Matthew, 33 .
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Boston Marathon bomber to be executed believing a quick death would be 'too easy an escape' Tsarnaev, 21, killed three people and injured 260 others in the April, 2013 bombings . Prosecutors described 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948 . She eventually moved nearby and wrote a book about it but is now banned . Has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson . He accused her of deliberately hitting his son during a stand-off at the entrance .
The broadcaster's wife, John, has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia . The 71-year-old declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter' The family paid tribute in a death notice in the Telegraph, which read: 'Bonnie died peacefully on 15th April 2015, age 73' In recent years the DJ has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis .
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday when he joked that everyone should back his Aston Villa team . But he later claimed it must have been because he had been past West Ham the day before . He later emerged he flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning . Earlier in the day he said he became a Villa fan after watching Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child .
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to them . Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . His work saw him gain access to air safety facilities where data recorders end up following an accident . After disaster strikes, there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box, as seen in recent tragedies such as Germanwings flight 4U 9525 .
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013 . Doctors advised her she needed immediate surgery, suggesting a double mastectomy, but she refused . She refused, but did undergo major surgery to remove a 'cancerous' tumour from her right breast as well as lymph nodes from her armpit . But four days after the operation staff had confused her notes with other patients, and she'd never had the disease .
Brady Olson knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said . The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station . No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began on Monday morning .
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes for The Superhero Project . The children are dressed up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything .
17% of 800,000 Australians also admit their credit card spending has led to an argument with a partner . The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . Generation Y were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories . Victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour with 18 per cent admitting to a secret credit card versus the 9 per cent of Queenslanders .
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway in Red Sea city of Hurghada . Man allegedly began causing problems near the back of the plane . He was removed by an armed officer, causing a 40-minute delay on the flight . Thomas Cook Airlines said they had a zero tolerance policy on behaviour .
Kardashian said it was 'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word 'genocide' He had promised to use the word when he ran for office in 2011 . Her Armenian heritage comes from her late father, the late Robert Kardashian . Obama did describe the mass killings of Armenians as genocide . But he has never used that description .
Charlotte Briggs was refused a place at a junior school in Sheffield . Seven-year-old was told she cannot attend Lydgate Junior School, two miles away . Her mother, Lynne, 49, says taking her to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus . Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school . But the school is oversubscribed and children who also live in the area should go to the correct feeder school for applying .
Jo Malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising Tories . Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' Earlier this morning, Ms Malone sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder, but had 'started all over again' by setting up new business three years ago .
The annual fishing event took place in Gulf Harbour off Auckland's Whangaparaoa Peninsula . Coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw aSubaru take to the water . The attendees included a couch strapped to tyres and a floating Subaru car . A video was released by the coastguard showing two men on a dodgy dingy being transported back to shore .
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides Kathmandu . Around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones . Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as relatives prayed for their souls .
Officer said he was appalled by Labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse . The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament . Comes amid fresh concerns about the Establishment cover-up of the Labour grandee’s sexual paedophilia . Director of Public Prosecutions announced earlier this month that he should be had charged on each occasion. But she went on to rule that the 86-year
Rap mogul unleashed a string of 'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his streaming app Tidal . 'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said, while claiming that there are 'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign' Jay Z, who paid $56 million for TIDAL's technology in January and relaunched it in March, did not give details about the alleged campaign .
18 climbers dead and more than 60 injured in avalanche on Everest, Nepal . Disaster triggered by 'tsunami' of snow and ice which ripped through tents . Britons among those stranded by tonnes of debris blocking their routes . Base Camp was said to have been hit by a 7.8-magnitude quake .
Sergeant Edwin Mee accused of raping and molesting 11 young women . Alleged attacks took place at an Army careers centre in Croydon . Victims were desperate for jobs and unaware of their rights, court heard . 46-year-old has served in war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan . One woman fell pregnant after Mee raped her in locked room, jury told .
Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance . Director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show . 'I'll translate: "Dear Bob, sorry I can't be there. Love to all. Best, Joe.'
Three-and-a-half-year-old labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones . His owners Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half on the doggy diet . They believe his problems stem from rewards during training .
Former Trek Enterprise captain wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle . The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of rapidly drying lakes in California . But the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by experts . He likened his project to a similar pipeline in Alaska .
Kristopher Hicks, 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath . Michael Young, 56, mistakenly thought he was planning to 'do a runner' But driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from vehicle . He suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now needs round-the-clock care from his mother .
Ashbrittle Yew has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy . Central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off due to disease . Experts say the tree is 'looking extremely sick' at the moment .
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji or can be combined with text . Popular in the Instagram community, with half of captions already featuring the small pictures . Instagram has also added three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno .
Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27 . It is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal . 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source said in a Monday report .
The Presets, made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes, published a series of posts on its Facebook page after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week . The post told fans to 'unfollow us, delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether' Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance . 'Such a sad situation, who really wins with this kind of "justice"? Respect, boys x,' one fan said .
Jane Tipper had been walking dog Molly when she fell over edge of cliff . Eight-year-old fell 100ft down steep slope and came to rest in gorse . But coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . Molly was found three days later after walking a mile further along beach .
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at Sir Chris Hoy's former school in Edinburgh . She left a portion of her fortune in her will to be handed over to charity groups . The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio . It will have funds of around £325,000 and will be used to help current or prospective poorer pupils attend the school .
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10 . Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment . The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements . At the opposite end of Texas and the competition is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk . His company contracts with NASA
Liberal Democrats admitted their best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7, compared with the 57 elected in 2010 . Senior party source said their best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s' if they retain a number of closely-fought seats . But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Conservatives or Labour .
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself sealing envelopes and email . He then edited all of the clips together to offer an action-packed view . The video has already been viewed over three million times on YouTube .
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, sent his namesake a rifle and two handguns a month before Odin Lloyd's killing in April 2013 . Earlier this month, Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder . Mr Hernandez, a father from Belle Glen, Florida, has pleaded guilty to transporting firearms across state lines; obstruction of justice; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering .
An unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero was travelling along the Stuart Highway in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday . Police found approximately 20 kilograms of the depressant drug Kava . The pair were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House .
Maitland local Karen Newton was on her way to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods . She plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the Last Post again . As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton could be seen facing five stranded residents, who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen Anzacs in their own unplanned service .
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . She regularly receives vile hate-filled messages from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself . The activist managed to track down the social media accounts of her trolls, and has posted their messages on a Russian website called VKontakte . 'I have a request for you, teach him not to show his f****** tendencies when he comes to family gatherings,
Hillary Clinton, 67, is 65 when she becomes the 44th President of the United States in January 2017 . She will become the country's first female president and the second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House . Clinton's Grandmother status has attracted other grandmothers to post their own tweets using the hashtag #GrandmothersKnowBest .
Seven-year-old Sophia is the daughter of a lesbian couple . Made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby . Video was created by The Next Family, a group that supports diverse families .
A family have claimed the body of an abandoned baby who was found dead and buried on a Sydney beach last year . Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a 'destitute burial' NSW Police were unable to locate the family of the 'very small' infant . Lifeguards removed the body at about 1pm .
Jonathan Keats, a San Francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of climate change with his 'millennium camera' The camera is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, and will display centuries of changes to the environment . He notes he always has a serious message to deliver: 'We need to find a way to think in deep time'
State-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital proves SNP's commitment . But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money 'shovelled' to Holyrood – despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border . Former head of NHS Sir David Nicholson delivered a stark warning earlier this month over the black hole in hospital finances .
Vanessa Kennard is one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke . The 45-year-old father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012 . It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate . His partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in an iPod docking station . Footage captured Mr Clarke looking on helplessly as staff dug into his feeding tubes with a biro pen . He was also subjected to 'appalling'
French artist Vincent Lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel . The motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue .
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested on Sunday afternoon . Allegedly hit Jerrie Ann Hornig, 49, with her car and fled the scene . A white Mercedes Benz was seen fleeing the scene in Gresham, Oregon . Calvin was arrested at a Marriott Hotel in Clackamas .
Scotland's First Minister called on Ed Miliband to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' Tories have ramped up warnings about post-election deal with Labour . Labour leader insists he is 'not interested in deals' with the SNP .
Vampire Diaries actor Nikki Reed, 26, and Paul McDonald, 36, tied the knot in Santa Monica on Sunday . Couple had been engaged for nine months and share a sweet kiss . Ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so her dress didn't get dirty, before sharing a kiss among their friends and relatives .
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for nation's first ever PrepperCon . During two-day expo, they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and dressed up as zombies . Also greeted by actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off
Broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ‘rugged’ approach to traditional yoga workouts . Experts say it sets men free to flex . tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or . feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week . Said former SS officer, known as 'bookkeeper of death', should not be prosecuted . Faces criticism from co-plaintiffs who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany .
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says Labour leader will soon 'change his tune' Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP . But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation .
Builder Mark Lawson, 44, was in Newbury, Berkshire for Christmas party . He agreed that co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate . But when Mr Myers started eating onion rings, Lawson was angered and drove knife into thigh .
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay . Deputies had been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation the day before the stabbing . A nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect .
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11 . Was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria . Greenpeace has called on Spanish authorities to dedicate more resources to the clean-up operation .
More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the controversial advertising to be pulled . The campaign features a woman in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' It has attracted the ire of social media users and body image campaigners . But Katie Hopkins has slammed those complaining about the posters as 'chubsters'
Dutch royal couple celebrated King Willem-Alexander's 48th birthday today in the Dutch city of Dordrecht . Koningsdag is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession in the capital Amsterdam . Queen Maxima joined the couple and their three daughters aboard the royal barge, the Dordtevaar .
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three . She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14 . Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works . Young baker plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef .
Pritesh, 36 and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago . But they repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . Son Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month bout for life in 2007 . His sister Hiral Shah, 32, offered to carry the couple's baby - and after IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after an 20-minute labour .
Hannah Wilson, 20, vanished after a night out with friends at a bar in Bloomington, Indiana, in 2011 . On Monday, her friends said she had been at the bar, but deemed that she was too drunk to join them there . Her body was found on Friday morning in rural Brown County, about 10 miles from the campus . Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder and has been charged in her death .
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion . Within an hour, the momentous donation to the kangaroo preservation project had vanished . The couple launched the page in a bid to track the numbers of animals in the area . They are still hoping to reach the $15,000 goal .
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself inside bus in parking lot of Walmart . He was wanted in Oregon for failing to appear on charge of delivery of a controlled substance . Seconds later, suspect allegedly fired weapon from front of bus, killing him . Bullet struck police dog named Baco in head, prompting exchange of gunfire . Numerous law enforcement agencies rushed to the scene in Salem, Oregon . In incredible scenes, SWAT offers drove car into bus, punching holes in vehicle . But suspect 'continued to brandish a handgun'
George Osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark . Claimed the 'one hour' a week he allowed himself off during the election campaign was to watch the programme, starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson . He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions which have encouraged programme-makers to choose the UK .
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming . Claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be most responsive to human influence . Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years .
An avalanche pummeled the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on Saturday, leaving it covered with snow . Survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed . Four Americans and 61 other people were killed, including a Google executive and a New Jersey-born Dr Marisa Eve Girawong .
Ed Miliband will today claim he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan on immigration – not false promises . He will say: 'We will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed' But hours before key election speech was due to be delivered, shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper would say only she wanted the number to be lower than the current 300,000 .
The nine-storey structure in Kathmandu was damaged in Saturday's quake . It has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . But one rescuer in the Nepalese capital said people were not 'understanding tragedy'
Dr Warren Weinstein, an economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto, 39, were killed in a botched drone strike in Pakistan in January . They were killed along with Ahmed Faruq, a leader of Al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent . CIA was seeking to destroy an al Qaeda compound in Pakistan when the two captives were killed, along with an American .
Amanda Holden's sister, Debbie, has managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday . Holden: 'It's awful, I can barely speak. It's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal' Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .
Paul and Laura Elliott ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon . The couple, from Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together . Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
A 10-year-old boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking letter to the Immigration Minister begging to be allowed to stay in Australia . The letter was written by Tyrone Sevilla and delivered to Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday with a petition containing 122,000 signatures . It comes as the immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system' Maria Sevilla said her son has improved immeasurably since he started school four years ago .
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy . Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning . Amazon is now offering the Goat Grazer Beta service to house a goat .
Researchers recorded the faces of 42 women with an average age of 24 . They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness . Another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces . Scientists found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing .
At least five tornadoes were spotted in north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours . Tornadoes included a massive funnel cloud forming over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Fort Worth . There were also unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in Stephenville . Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete
Photos of New Zealand PM John Key pulling young girls' ponytails are being posted on social media . Amanda Bailey, 26, wrote a blog post shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable' After the post, Reddit users started tracking down old photos and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls’ hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page . She said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September and had to undergo chemotherapy . As she was discharged from Connecticut Children's Medical Center on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her home after five months . Last year, she and her mother initially refused the treatment . But in January, a court ruled that she could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough . The case centered on whether the girl, who ran away during a home visit in November, was
Lucy, 23, is face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . Shows off effortless beach body in fun and flirty high-summer dresses . Recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD .
Israeli couple airlifted out of Nepal after Saturday's devastating earthquake . More than two dozen babies have been evacuated from the country . Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning . Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families .
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional western medicine . She prescribes 24 herbs a day for two weeks containing Chinese herbs . One of them was advertising director Jane Parker's son Rupert .
Isobel Attwood, 16, left her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday . She is white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a 'small build' and has brown hair with extensions . Friends say she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s . Officers are becoming concerned for the teenager's welfare .
Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that she hadn't seen Bruce's secret and that he is still trying to 'be a good friend to him - or her -now' She said that her husband's third wife, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female . The reality TV personality is a godmother to Bruce and his daughters Kendall, 19, and Kylie, 17, and has known the ex couple for years . He told the ABC 20/20 special that Kris declined to comment on his gender transition even though previous wives issued
U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it is called Magellan Bio-Bandage . Platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries . It can address a common problem with burns, which often continue to get worse hours or even days after the original injury .
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was furious when her friend stole £500 stone . Jamie, a convicted burglar, has been to prison for burglary . She stormed off after a lie detector test revealed he had stolen from her .
Chrystie Crownover, 63, was 'so relieved' the world finally knows her ex-husband's 'big, big, big dark secret' during Friday's ABC interview with the Olympic champion . The decathlete, 65, has been married three times and has six biological children . Bruce revealed he identified as a woman during the interview on Friday night .
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male . After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he began his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system .
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the courthouse in Brentwood on Friday morning . Prosecutors said that Goodwin repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005 . The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed, according to WMUR . Goodwin's trial began Monday .
The Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge near Huinchiri, Peru . It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below . Local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques .
Woman, 73, suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs in crash . Her Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on petrol forecourt of Asda store in Hulme . Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath . A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene .
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 . He is taking hormone therapy to starve cancer cells by reducing testosterone . His jabs typically contain drugs called luteinizing hormone blockers . The majority of prostate cancers rely on hormone to grow . In England, 13,000 men receive the treatment every year .
The 26-year-old was greeted by cheers from a group of flag-waving children . The engagement is the second in less than four days for the Princess . She opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire .
Loretta Lynch was sworn in as the 83rd U.S. attorney general on Monday . She said confirmation showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . 'I have to thank the president for his faith in me and asking me to lead the department that I love to even greater heights,' she said . The 55-year-old replaces Eric Holder, who left the job Friday after six years as attorney general .
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli . But tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary of ANZAC Day .
Deputy PM has previously said he will quit as leader if Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs . But he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances' Comments come as Vince Cable said Vince Cable hoped to be made Chancellor if it forms another coalition with the Tories . Mr Clegg appeared to lean towards another deal with Tories, saying he deserved ‘credit’ for forming Coalition .
The coastline of Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu, on Hokkaido Island, has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface . Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air . The mass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide .
Meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low could hit the region, with heavy rain possible from Thursday . The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed . 'Any water is going to hit that saturated ground and raise flood levels again,' said SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills .
James Staring, from Fit to Last, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat . From writing a food diary to doing short bursts of tough exercise, he reveals the four simple tips which can help anyone achieve an enviable stomach area .
Barbara McGrath said her 7th-grade daughter, who is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments in 2012, has been invited back but will attend a public school for now . St. Joseph Middle School officials informed her that Rose could return to the Battle Creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week . When Rose found out that she had been kicked out of the school, she tearfully said that she 'didn't do anything wrong' The school charges as much as $6,983 per year for
David and Victoria Beckham voted most stylish Brit of all time . Audrey Hepburn came fourth in the British style stakes, survey reveals . Princess Diana came second just ahead of David Beckham, the highest male .
'The morning after #Poldark ends and amazingly, the sun has managed to rise in the sky,' wrote one fan . Viewers took to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' - and urge BBC to hurry up series two .
Tracey Woodford, 47, was found dead at a flat in Pontypridd, South Wales . Her dismembered body was discovered with 'massive injuries' Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Ms Woodford on Friday . He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing .
Tim Ward and his wife Brandy were crushed by the mudslide in Oso, Washington, in March last year . Just a week later, he was told he did not have landslide insurance - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . Last week, a Good Samaritan received a call from Chase Bank, who said a generous donor had paid the $360,000 .
The Nissan Note Mk1 has a score of just 80 per cent, according to the poll . The original version of the Nissan Note was named the second most uncomfortable car . Three designs by Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten – including the Passat Mk7 . Toyota had two entries while Seat and Peugeot had one each .
Many smartphones - including Apple’s iPhones, Samsung’s Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with FM chips . Nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated . National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) in the US warns that FM radio on mobile phones could prove vital in an emergency .
Reports have emerged that Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend Febyanti Herewila . They wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present . This comes just months after Chan proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February . She accepted his proposal despite the fact that Indonesian president Joko Widodo was condemned to death .
Ashley Arenson revealed Dan Fredinburg had a way of making people feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp . Dan had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team, who were mapping out extreme routes around the world .
Kim Richards is now in rehab, but she was out of control when she was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel . The reality star was arrested following an emotional breakdown at the swanky L.A. bar . In a downward-spiral, the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest .
Labour leader tops list of political leaders in game of 'snog, marry or avoid' Thousands of teenage girls swooned for the Labour leader on Twitter . Lydia Bright said Labour leader 'definitely' topped her political leaders list . Comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled .
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes . Named after the patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water . Residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in 1965 .
The singer/actress shows off toned arms at the Annual Academy Awards . Her dress is embroidered with pearls, stones and sequins which seem to drip off her figure like caramel sauce on vanilla ice cream .
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet . The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus .
German engineers describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and plan on enabling it to drive itself . The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself. Currently, the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way, diagonally and sideways .
Emergency services called to Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am . A 22-year-old man jumped off the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool . Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated . The man sustained a broken leg and internal injuries but is in a stable condition . He has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
Rhiannon Wilkinson is head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire . She said that a 'boy free' environment stops girls being held back by the opposite sex who are known to mature slower . Head of Eton College Tony Little has also spoken of the benefits of single-sex boarding schools which allow children to 'remain girls for longer'
Ukip leader says his party is now the 'serious challenger' to Labour . He accuses Labour of 'making claims UkiP is racist because it is 'running scared' Calls on Tories to vote tactically to help Ukikip beat Labour in its target seats . Labour voters also want to send message to Ed Miliband, 'you don't represent us anymore'
SEAL Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday . The Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Seth Cody Lewis, 32, died Friday . Lewis enlisted in the United States Navy in December 2006 after serving in the U.S. Marine Corps from 2001-2005 .
Former president, 68, made rare comments at Jewish donors in Las Vegas . Said Iran's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in . Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran . Bush's concerns are in stark contrast to Obama's belief that although the contents of the agreement 'may not be optimal,' they are America's 'best bet'
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . But he has fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds . His company, Pink Tati LLC, was given seven days to prove the property is in compliance and he was warned he will be fined $1,000 a day if further commercial functions take
Homeless Isa Richardson, 46, claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, Maidstone magistrates heard . Schoolgirl told police she felt intimidated by Richardson and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money .
Tyra Banks made her awards hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards in Burbank, California . The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a short hairdo at the ceremony honouring the best in daytime television . Ellen DeGeneres agreed to end their feud with NBC's The Today Show host . Matt pledged to donate $1,000 each time a winner thanked him during their acceptance speech .
John Lord, 86, went missing on April 6 less than a week after wife's death . His family discovered a note describing how much he missed his wife . Police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three . Officers confirmed a body pulled from River Trent was sadly that of June .
Karen Bell, 42, met man on dating website Plenty of Fish and began texting . Pair met up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with trainers . She threatened to post footage online unless he paid her £55, court heard . Bell has been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme this time last year for Sky+HD subscribers . It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app . Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function . Firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors and the latest movies are added each week . New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes price of a physical DVD .
Russian biker gang banned from entering Poland for World War II memorial ride . Putin describes group as his 'friends' and describes them as his friends . 15 men seen at border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland .
Pat Senior, 66, has lived at her five-bedroom home in Bolton for 30 years . Spends £240 a week on food and treats for the animals, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . Has made makeshift beds, with some dogs sleeping in the living room, although three Chinese Cresteds are allowed to sleep in her bed .
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a heart defect before she was born . She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday but defied life expectancy . Now aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children despite being warned each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart . Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make memories with her family .
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets about Anzac day . Geoff Winestock stood up for the reporter on the social media site . The day before, Mr Winestock said he hoped there would be no wars and 'in 50 years no soldiers around to honour' SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport said his 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable'
Kieran Murray has released a second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Aussie accent . From a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about Britney Spears, to a man who insisted he was saying 'Get out of my nightgown', the filmmaker captured it all . One man was convinced Murray said 'Say it again in English?'
Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a New York City highway . Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08. Chief Assistant District Attorney Daniel Master wouldn't comment on possible charges against the officer stemming from the March 20 crash . Authorities say Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club . The truck driver suffered injuries that weren
Colder weather is set to last the first half of May - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25C mark . Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms . Meanwhile the Met Office has a severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today .
Brian Williams has been suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being on a military chopper hit by an RPG . He signed a deal with NBC last year to continue at the network thought to be worth $10million a year . The report was leaked by a committee investigating Williams that found he lied to make himself look good at least 11 times . It is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network .
Tamale Rocks found the two-way mirror in a women's restroom at a bar in Cigars and Stripes in Berwyn, Illinois . She filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone which showed the view of the toilet on the other side . But owner Ronnie Lottz says he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror has brought his staff 'joy'
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . He strangled Lynda Mann, 15, to death after rapping her on a deserted footpath . Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, 15, less than a mile from where he murdered another 15-year-old .
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated . Came after he had been living in tent with his father Keith, 62, following eviction . Keith was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment .
Prince Harry will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May . Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey . But with Duchess now several days overdue, Harry is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army . Instead he spent time playing doting uncle to Prince George, who turns two in July .
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta . The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' Using images from the Dawn spacecraft, you can also see how the sun changes at a location over time . You can also switch between three main views - over the North Pole, a Global view or looking down onto the South Pole . There’s also an option to 3D print an entire model of Vesta with a 3D printer .
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts . of sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland, Oregon, martial arts gym he owned, is now closed . The black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, according to Sherdog, had a record of 19-12 in 31 MMA fights since 2002 .
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells gave out tickets for infringements . Councillors shadowed wardens three times in the towns of Welshpool . But many were going unticketed in one case, with a driver already overrun by 15 minutes . Investigators suggested a range of actions to toughen up operation .
Man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike . He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike . Elderly brother, Mr Zhang, was taken to hospital but died shortly after .
Melbourne radio host John Burns named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist' The 3AW morning show host said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall making such a comment . Mr Burns apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused .
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed . Ofqual found one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy . Details of unethical techniques emerged at Teacher Ethics In Assessment symposium .
Sunrise host, 37, interviewed twins Lucy and Maria Aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . David 'Kochie' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment, taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old's direction .
Sabine Smouha's tote bag was made from skin of a Nile crocodile . Customs officers seized it in 2013 because it didn't have right documentation . Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it because it did not have required endangered species import permit .
Around 20 skulls were found buried in sediment of River Walbrook in 2013 . It had been thought that they got there down stream after being eroded . But new evidence suggests they were buried by a Roman cemetery . Scientific tests are continuing on the cremated remains, with the possibility the grim theory could be confirmed . Skulls found by Crossrail site are head of executed criminals and rebels . The Boudiccan Revolt revolt saw British tribes, under Boudicca, unsuccessfully try to defeat the Roman army .
Power forward Kevin Love was injured in the first quarter of the Cleveland Cavaliers' 101-93 victory against the Boston Celtics . The incident occurred after Love and Boston's Kelly Olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after Jae Crowder missed a 3-pointer . Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room where he iced his shoulder .
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him . Attack came after heated argument over couple's lack of children . Nanihal and wife were visiting Monty and their daughter-in-law, 42 . He was jailed for 17 years and 39 days at Manchester Crown Court .
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, says RSPB . And of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently . Less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today, an estimated 30 per cent decline since 2013 .
A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . Holly and Ace stand up on their hind legs with their front paws up . Owner and trainer Dai Aoki runs a dog training company Positive Dog Care .
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among first built in March 1940 . But Spitfire P9374, once flown by airman involved in the Great Escape, never made it to the Battle of Britain . The fighter plane, dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies, was being piloted over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber . wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave .
Fiancé Alton Hines was waiting for Leah O'Brien, 33, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25, when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the prom . O'Mien was driving with her 8-year-old daughter Kori at the time of the crash and suffered serious injuries . The driver, Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, was arrested for the crash .
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House . The beanbag experiment was designed to encourage visitors to ‘dwell and take in the atmosphere’ in the room . It provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ‘misguided’
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety .
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain . Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, has said 'it's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients' Ells has said the company has 68 total ingredients -- with non-gMO corn, sunflower oil and rice bran oil now featuring as ingredients .
Selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp . She was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group . Miss Dicker had been trying to raise £45,000 for Operation Smile .
Brenda Finn, 30, became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out . She was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at 14 and had to have them tattooed . Now she is calling for the procedure to become made available on the NHS . Says it could have saved her years of emotional pain and years of anguish .
University of Waterloo scientists have created a 3D master map of galaxy superclusters . Map represents regions with many galaxies shown in white or red whereas regions with fewer, dark blue regions marked in uniform blue . It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provides key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries . The map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side .
Physicists believe that the hats were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall . This is despite the largest pukaos measuring six-and-a-half feet in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes (1,890 stone) Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island between 1,250 and 1,500 AD .
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert was bitten while campaigning in Cornwall this morning . He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photo online . The dog took a lump out of his right hand as he posted a leaflet through a letterbox . Insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs .
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is one of four liberal-voting justices . Will start hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . Currently 37 states allow gay marriage, as well as Washington, D.C.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand . 'He didn't want to die and leave her here. He wanted to take care of her,' her son said . The couple married in 1940, a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio .
Elle recently turned 51 but the model has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check her state of alkaline . The body's pH value tells you how acidic your body is . Elle has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition . She works out 45 minutes a day, six days a week, combining hiking, water skiing, swimming and running on a beach .
Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him after midnight Wednesday . The duo selected spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution . It will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambangan . There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded . Chan has asked Salvation Army minister David Soper to accompany him to the clearing known as Death Valley .
Jemma Gawned appeared on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001 . The housemate, who was known as the 'lipgloss queen', now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties . All the ingredients in her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced . Byron Bay-based brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores .
Sierra Pippen, 20, allegedly urinated outside of the Sheraton hotel in Iowa City about 1.30am on Sunday . She was 'wearing two bar wristbands' even though she is underage, according to a criminal complaint . After her arrest she refused a Breathalyzer test for a field sobriety test . The NBA legend lives in residence halls and attends classes .
David Curry was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth, Northumberland, because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . When the family arrived the 49-year-old was told he could not order a drink . He was wearing a pair of £40 Adidas trousers, which he said were not cheap . Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy had been in place .
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police 'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly . The 41-year-old photographer says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough. 'He's a photographer! He's press!' he screamed . Another protester was arrested - even though the photographer was sure he wasn't responsible for throwing a projectile at police, which s
Sir Frank Kitson is accused in case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic . First time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over Troubles . Yesterday, Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he wasn't even in Ireland . He learned of the legal action in a letter from a Belfast law firm at the weekend .
Mark Bellis is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week . He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity . In Pompeii, city officials installed street lights, only to face drinkers .
Waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more . The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off traffic app's police-tracking function . Waze was acquired by Google in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion has 50million users in 200 countries, a number which is growing .
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was over 20st and a size 26 . At her heaviest she was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in December 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . Now she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday when she has lost 4st .
The orchid is one of the most instantly recognisable flowers in the world . It has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal, to attract insects - but the driving force behind it was not known, until now . Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . They converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing .
Poppy Smart, 23, was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work . Construction workers blocked her walking, before saying 'Morning love' Police confirmed they had followed up her complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour but had not taken further action .
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 patients . It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases . Preservationists are battling to save the building and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing .
WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . These are home to indigenous communities that depend on livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers . But they are being lost to expanding agriculture, including livestock farming, palm oil plantations and soy production . Unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection is also causing forest degradation - while mining, construction of hydroelectric dams and other projects cause roads to be built .
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand . The ivory, hidden among tea leaf sacks, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore . Thailand is one of the top destinations for African ivory smuggling in Asia and could face international sanctions soon .
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama . It details the trials and tribulations of raising her 14-month-old Poppy . One of her posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral .
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his finances . He went into exile after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad . The inquiry was triggered by Sherpa, an activist group representing victims of financial crime . His family's assets, worth around £64million, are being held through a web of businesses based in Luxembourg .
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, resigned Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates . Bates, 73, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground . Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened firing by accident, and apologizing .
Clarkson and his colleagues had been on brink of new three-year deal . But they were scrapped when the star punched producer Oisin Tymon . May ordered last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale while lucrative contract was finalised . Richard Hammond joined May in confirming he will not return to Top Gear .
Victoria Beckham, 41, wore distressed skinny jeans to cheer on son Romeo, 12 . Accessorised her jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with Alaa Boots . These are loved by A-listers like Lindsay Lohan, Beyoncé and Rihanna .
The 37-year-old actress married longtime boyfriend, business consultant Kris Brkljac, over the weekend . The couple wed in Croatia 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress' rep told People .
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was climbing Everest when the earthquake struck on Saturday morning . Four US citizens who were on the mountain are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas . There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster . Dr Gallant tried everything she saw of the tragedy, including the gravely-ill Sherpa, but said there was nothing they could do to save his life .
An MP passed a dossier of information to the Home Office in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . But instead paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police . Will heighten fears that Lord Janner, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up .
Two-year-old Landen Martin was struck and killed by his uncle Joshua Saunders on Sunday at 12.25pm, police said . Joshua Sunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide . Martin's family said the teen was not aware that the child had run into the path of the Chevrolet K10 at the time .
While the countdown for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's impending execution has begun, many are still holding a glimmer of hope and attending nation-wide vigils . Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo .
Belgian blogger Yves Van De Ven, 37, uploaded a picture of him 'missing' the Eiffel Tower on social media . An upload on photo-sharing site 4chan asked users to connect his finger with the top of the tower . The 37-year-old said he thought it would be hilarious to make fun of the pictures with famous landmarks .
Professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his students to say he was going to fail all of them in Texas A&M's strategic management class . He said that every student in the approximately 30-person class would fail because of the behavior he had seen during the semester . The university has said that Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold .
Christi and Bobby Shepherd died from carbon monoxide poisoning in Corfu in 2006 . Father Neil and girlfriend Ruth Beatson fell into coma and were close to death . They were found the next morning by a maid, along with the bodies of the children . Sharon Wood, 44, listened intently as her children's final hours were outlined . Inquest jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court is delayed partly because of ongoing legal proceedings .
A man has forked out $4000 for a written message in Brisbane's clear blue sky . 'I'm sorry' was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses . The sky-writing service Australia author and recipient remain a mystery . People took to Twitter to question who the message was directed at .
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975 . Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared . Ritter had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later . Last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case, if she could see them .
University of Alberta law student Derek Murray accidentally left his headlights on all day in November in Edmonton . He also found an extension cord and battery charger left by a stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life . The life-affirming tale has now gone viral, with millions sharing it on Facebook .
Vivien's Models launched an 'influencers' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers . The average expectation of clients will range between 10,000 - 300,000 followers . 'If models are getting up to that, they might get added to our 'Influencer' page' General Manager Paul Thomas says it's now where all the models are .
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . They examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . University of Michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery .
SNP leader insisted she would call the shots in event of a hung parliament . She vows to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for five years . Mr Miliband will 'have to reflect how people have voted and they will have to on a practical level be prepared to talk to others and compromise with others'
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day . He says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home alone . She suffers from degenerative disease and would often go up to mountains .
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges . She worked at scandal-hit Furness General Hospital between 2004 and 2013 . Claims she failed to adequately monitor patients, record key observations . Also denied being part of any cover-up or effort to 'conceal the truth' Panel told she is no longer a midwife and has no intentions of returning to profession .
Michael Churton, from New York, was with four colleagues at base camp, 17,500ft up, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . The 38-year-old said the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf which careered towards him and a group of people . He said: 'I told the group to get down. It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run' He eventually made his way down from the mountain and was greeted by fellow survivors at a domestic airport in Kathman
Taya Kyle, 40, has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband, American Sniper Chris Kyle in February . The interview will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since the death of her husband . Kyle says she never thought she would marry 'a cowboy' but was 'excited' by falling in love with him .
Keri Davies said a bed in the studio is essential to make post-coital conversations sound convincing . He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations .
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence . He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest . No flights or passengers were affected because there was not airfield activity at the time .
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods', died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them .
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up when she wore her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to her school in Houston, Texas .
Wyoming's Andrew Silicani, 23, pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders . He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . Prosecutors rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years and blocked the possibility that state prosecutors will seek to charge him with separate violations of state law .
Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences . Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on DVLA’s database . But motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms to check a motorist’s details .
Dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month but still wanted to have them taken for her birthday . She is bedridden in hospital and needs to be turned once every hour to help with treatment . Wedding dress was put on for professional photographers to take pictures .
Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran . Talks between top U.S. and Iranian diplomats at a United Nations conference in New York and aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical American lawmakers and constituencies in Washington .
Mark Lowe, 32, killed his brother Wayne after he tried to stab him in bed . He then kicked Wayne to death and was charged with his murder . But prosecutors accepted manslaughter plea 'on the basis of a loss of control' Mark's wife Sarah is looking after three young children alone, including Jaiden .
Tony Toutouni is threatening to become the new King of Instagram . The 42-year-old entrepreneur chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle . He has amassed 750,000 followers in eight months thanks to his outrageous posts . His friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian have also been threatened .
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest heard . Teenager, who had been a volunteer at the London Olympics in 2012, was also worried about her appearance . Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life .
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop usual playlists . These usually contain hits from their youth in favour of today's chart toppers .
Lawyer wore colourful ensemble to awards gala at Goldsmiths' Hall . Wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms at LDNY show . Despite spring blossoms across country this was one of fake flowers .
Tareq Kamleh featured in ISIS propaganda video at the weekend . He urged people to join the death cult known for beheading non-Muslims . But despite his public support for ISIS, he is still registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 . The Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
About 5,000 miles south of the South, Santa Barbara d'Oeste, Brazil celebrates the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War . Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to dozens of families who enticed the Brazilian government's offers of land grants . The party takes place up a dusty dirt road flanked by sugarcane plantations, in a field that's been dominated by Reconstruction .
Lynn and Liam Liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant, she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for the sake of her unborn child . Lynn has scoliosis and hip dysplasia which affects the ball and socket joint of Lynn's hip . She also has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about .
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37 decorating their flat in York with sentimental toys and homemade toys . The couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries in the York area indefinitely . Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies and other graves . A relative of a victim noticed a heart-shaped wreath which was meant for her mother hanging in their home .
Victoria Hiley, 30, has teamed up with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators . Ice-cream comes in 500ml pink or blue tubs and is blended with Vanilla . All profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity .
Josh Sweet, 20, broke into the victim's home and sexually assaulted her . She awoke to find the intruder 'standing beside her bed' and screamed . As he took hold of her waistband, her house-mate came into the room and he fled . Sweet, from Birmingham, was given a three-year community order . Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been 'scarred psychologically' by the case at Birmingham Crown Court .
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on paranormal as a child and now owns nine dolls which he says contain their own personalities . The hobby began at a young age when he was looking into the Loch Ness Monster and ghosts . He went on a ghost hunt with his sister but she found the dolls too mischievous .
German intelligence had repeatedly warned of risk to aviation security . Had assessed downing as a 'significant development because of its altitude' Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory on July 17 . All 298 aboard were killed . Prosecutors testing the theory that the plane was shot . down by a surface-to-air missile .
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . The 33-year-old was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition . It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them . Friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory, with all the funds going to relief efforts .
17 miles (27km) long iceberg B-34 was born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf . The monster berg, larger than Manhattan, was spotted floating freely by the U.S. National Ice Center NIC . Glaciers in the Amundsen Sea are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels .
Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful . But he then made dozens of illegal alterations including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling . Davies initially denied five charges but pleaded guilty to illegally altering Llanwenarth House, near Abergavenny in Monmouthshire . The 60-year-old could face a prison sentence if found guilty .
Ed Miliband sets out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers . But he wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on . He said he would introduce rent controls if Labour wins the election .
Linda Holliday, 51, was pictured ogling Chrissy Teigen's posterior at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday . The supermodel was hobnobbing with celebrities including Katie Couric and Jenna Dewan-Tatum . 'FRIENDS FOREVER,' Teigen posted the photo to Instagram on Monday .
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday . One of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . First responders had to break through a second-floor window to enter the locked home in the Kensington section of Philadelphia . All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children and were found to be in good condition . Neighbors were stunned to learn of the allegations against the mother, whom they described as a hard-working airport employee and nursing student .
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the 50 Spaniards who died in crash . She met with the families during a memorial service in Barcelona today . The Spanish queen shook hands and embraced the families at Sagrada Familia .
Prince William and Kate used St Mary's Hospital in Paddington over NHS care . But David Cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options . Father of three said: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people - what they use' Couple's first child, Prince George, was born at Lindo Wing in July 2013 .
American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers on Monday's Howard Stern Show, calling her a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot' Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term . The 51-year-old won his third term in the Democratic primary when his chief rival, businessman Keith Crisco, died suddenly after a fall . A spokeswoman for Ellmers scoffed at his '
Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station this afternoon . Staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service but delays expected into the night . Situation worsened when another train broke down on South West trains .
Fannie Randle, a sorority housekeeper at the University of Southern California, surprised her with a $21,000 check for a new car she was saving up for . Former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell showed her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in May . Ms Jewell and her sisters thanked Ms Randle for all of her hard work over the years by bringing her arms back up again .
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence is too severe . Dana Vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body . Doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old's scorched skin over countless operations over the past three years . MsVulin has many more operations to come and still suffers greatly with functionality . Dimitsrovska vowed to ruin her ‘pretty little face’ after she set her ablaze .
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve . It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at 68°C and 71°C (160°F) for up to 45 minutes . The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord .
The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen over the weekend . The 43-year-old wore purple knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves . Her attendance came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness .
Latest figures showed that the economy grew by 2.8 per cent in 2014 . It was the UK's strongest growth in the G7 major advanced economies . Data expected to show growth slowed at the start of 2015, figures show . Chancellor visited construction supply firm in Cheltenham today .
Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will be blindfolded with a piece of fabric and face the firing squad at midnight on Tuesday . Australians will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest on Nusakambangan Island in Java . The reenactment of the execution was aired on national TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in January .
Currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . Net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges . The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, Ofcom, today .
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his luxury Bentley in flash floods in Dallas . It took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and he was later seen returning to collect some of his possessions . The problem with his car comes as more bad news for Hardy who was suspended by the NFL just days ago after domestic abuse allegations .
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others . Treatments available mean HIV is now a manageable disease – but late diagnosis can have devastating impact on health and life expectancy .
One of the slow-moving reptiles escaped becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell . The baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and tried to scare it out with snarls but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior .
David Hawley said on Monday: 'It's a real shock, he was one of the fittest men I've ever met – he's swimming everyday' Ex-husband Antonia Kidman died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday after 'returning from a swim' Father-of-four was a father to four children, Lucia, 16, Hamish, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, eight, who he shared before their 2007 split .
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit . As expected, the numbers were down from the previous quarter, when holiday shoppers snapped up a record 74 million of Apple's new iPhone 6, 6 Plus and older models . Revenue from Mac computers rose 2 percent from a year earlier, to $5.6 billion, while iPad revenue fell 29 percent . Apple didn't report any results for the new Apple Watch, which began selling
